--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THE OFFERING OF ANY SECURITIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE ATTACHED BASE 
PROSPECTUS IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE 
UNITED STATES. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base Prospectus 
following this page and you are therefore advised to read this page carefully before reading, accessing or making any 
other use of the attached Base Prospectus. In accessing the attached Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the 
following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time you receive any information from the 
Issuer (as defined in the attached Base Prospectus) and VTB Capital plc and other Dealers (as defined in the attached 
Base Prospectus) as a result of such access. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES IN THE 
UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE NOTES 
HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN 
A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT 
AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER 
PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER AND, IN PARTICULAR, 
MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR U.S. ADDRESS. ANY FORWARDING, 
DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. 
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS 
TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT 
AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE 
ATTACHED DOCUMENT. 
Confirmation of your representation: In order to be eligible to view the attached Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities being offered, prospective investors must be non-U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) located outside the United States. The attached 
Base Prospectus is being sent to you at your request, and by accessing the attached Base Prospectus you shall be 
deemed to have represented to the Issuer and the Dealers that (1) you and any customers you represent are non-U.S. 
persons located outside of the United States and the electronic mail address that you gave us and to which this e-mail 
has been delivered is not located in the United States, its territories and possessions, any State of the United States or 
the District of Columbia and (2) you consent to delivery of such attached Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the attached Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession such attached Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver such attached Base 
Prospectus to any other person. 
The materials relating to this offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation 
in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made 
by a licensed broker or dealer, and the Dealers or any affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in the 
relevant jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer 
in such jurisdiction. 
In member states of the EEA, the attached Base Prospectus is directed only at persons who are "qualified investors" 
within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and in the United Kingdom 
only at persons who are "qualified investors" within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). In addition,

--- Page 2 ---
in the United Kingdom, the attached Base Prospectus may only be distributed to, and is directed at (1) persons who 
have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within article 19(5) of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Order") or (2) high net worth 
entities falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order, and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated, 
falling within article 49(1) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). The 
securities to which the attached Base Prospectus relates are available only to, and any invitation, offer or agreement 
to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be available only to, or will be engaged in only with, 
relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on the attached Base Prospectus or 
any of its contents. 
The attached Base Prospectus has been sent to you in electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently none of the Issuer, the Dealers, any person who controls them or any director, officer, employee 
or agent of them or affiliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of 
any difference between the attached Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard 
copy version available to you on request from the Dealers.

--- Page 3 ---
U.S.$3,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
The Eurasian Development Bank (the "Issuer"), an international development bank founded by the Russian Federation and the Republic 
of Kazakhstan, has established this U.S.$3,500,000,000 euro medium term note programme (the "Programme"), pursuant to which the Issuer may 
from time to time issue and have outstanding Euro medium term notes (the "Notes"), which will constitute direct, general, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation") and has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The 
Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  Any website referred 
to in this document does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market") during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof. The Regulated Market is regulated for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
II 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"). 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes admitted to trading on a market other than the Regulated Market, and which is 
not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and/or offered to the public in the 
European Economic Area other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding Exempt Notes shall not be deemed to form part of this Base 
Prospectus and the Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with 
the offering and sale of Exempt Notes. In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a 
pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement"). 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the 
securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), except pursuant to an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Notes may only be offered and sold (i) within 
the United States, to qualified institutional buyers (each, a "QIB"), as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A") in reliance on 
the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A (such Notes so offered and sold, the "Rule 144A Notes") and (ii) outside the United States, 
to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S (such Notes so offered and sold, the "Regulation S Notes"). Prospective 
purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A. Outside of the United States, the sellers of Notes may be relying on Regulation S. For a description of these and certain other 
restrictions, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions". 
Factors which may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Programme and factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with the Notes are set out in "Risk Factors". Prospective investors should carefully consider 
the risks described beginning on page 1 of this Base Prospectus prior to making an investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
EACH INITIAL AND SUBSEQUENT PURCHASER OF THE NOTES OFFERED HEREBY IN MAKING ITS PURCHASE 
WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE MADE CERTAIN ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS AS SET 
FORTH IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS INTENDED TO RESTRICT THE RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF NOTES AND MAY 
IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE CONFIRMATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH RESALE OR 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS. 
The Issuer has been assigned long-term foreign currency ratings of "BBB" (outlook - negative) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("Standard & Poor’s"), "Baa1" (outlook - stable) by Moody's Investors Service Singapore Pte. Ltd. ("Moody’s") and "BBB+" (outlook - stable) 
by Fitch Rating CIS Limited ("Fitch"). A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Community and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies as amended (the "CRA Regulation") 
unless: (i) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the European Community before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an 
application for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused or (ii) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
or (iii) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. For the purposes of 
the credit ratings included and referred to in this Base Prospectus, Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is registered under 
the CRA Regulation. As such, Standard & Poor’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Neither of Moody’s or Fitch is established in the European Union. 
The rating issued by Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and the rating issued by Fitch has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited, in each case in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Each of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such each of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
 
Arranger and Permanent Dealer 
VTB CAPITAL 
 
Base Prospectus dated  
26 February 2021

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
This Base Prospectus contains information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme under 
which the Issuer may issue and have outstanding at any time the Notes on the terms set out herein (the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes") as completed by the final terms applicable to each issue (the "applicable Final Terms") 
up to a maximum aggregate amount of U.S.$3,500,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. The Notes will be 
constituted by, and have the benefit of, an amended and restated trust deed dated 26 February 2021 (the "Trust Deed") 
between the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which term shall include any successor 
trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed). The Issuer has, pursuant to a dealer agreement (the "Dealer Agreement") 
dated on or about 26 February 2021, appointed VTB Capital plc as dealer for the Notes under the Programme (the 
"Permanent Dealer") and has authorised and requested the Permanent Dealer to circulate this Base Prospectus in 
connection with the Programme, subject as provided in the Dealer Agreement. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation 
to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
No Notes may be issued under the Programme with a minimum denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency) or, in the case of Rule 144A Notes, U.S.$200,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Subject thereto and in compliance with all applicable legal, regulatory and/or central bank requirements and the 
restrictions described in this Base Prospectus, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and admitted to the Official List.  
This Base Prospectus has been filed with and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as required Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. The Issuer 
is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a result of issuing the Notes. Any investment in the 
Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by 
the Central Bank of Ireland. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 26 February 2022 and must during such period and in accordance with 
Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any 
new significant facts or material errors or inaccuracies. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee or any person who controls 
them or any director, officer, employee or agent of them or affiliate of any such person that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus should purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus contemplating the purchase of any 
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of 
the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.  
Neither Citibank, N.A., London Branch (as Principal Paying Agent, Calculation Agent and Transfer Agent) 
nor the Trustee nor the Make-whole Calculation Agent has independently validated the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
or liability is accepted by Citibank, N.A., London Branch or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness at any 
time of this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee or any person who controls them or 
any director, officer, employee or agent of them or affiliate of any such person to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement hereto and, if given or made, such information

--- Page 5 ---
v 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been so authorised. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been 
no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no material adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. In 
particular, such persons are required to comply with the restrictions on offers or sales of Notes and on distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and other information in relation to the Notes set out under "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer 
Restrictions". In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of U.S. persons. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee or any person who controls them or any director, officer, 
employee or agent of them or affiliate of any such person makes any representation regarding the treatment for taxation 
purposes of payments or receipts in respect of any Notes under U.S. or other tax laws. Each investor contemplating the 
acquisition of Notes under the Programme must seek such tax or other professional advice as it considers necessary. See 
"Taxation".  
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and 
to trading on the Regulated Market. The Programme also permits the Issuer to issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes 
admitted to trading on a market other than the Regulated Market, and which is not a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes 
will be listed on the Official List and traded on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin or any other stock 
exchange(s).  
Regulation S Notes of each Series (as defined herein) which are sold in an "offshore transaction" within the 
meaning of Regulation S will initially be represented by interests in a global unrestricted note in registered form (each, 
a "Regulation S Global Note"), which will be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of 
a nominee for the common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream") on its Issue Date (as defined herein). Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note will be 
shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through records maintained by, Euroclear or Clearstream. Rule 
144A Notes of each Series sold to QIBs, as referred to in, and subject to, the transfer restrictions described in 
"Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions", will initially be represented by interests in a global restricted 
note in registered form (each, a "Rule 144A Global Note" and, together with any Regulation S Global Notes, the 
"Global Notes"), which will be deposited either with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The 
Depository Trust Company ("DTC") on its Issue Date or with a common depositary for, and registered in the name 
of a nominee for the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream on its Issue Date. Beneficial interests in a Rule 
144A Global Note will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC 
and its participants or Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be. See "Summary of the Provisions Relating to the 
Notes in Global Form". Definitive Notes (as defined herein) in registered form will only be available in certain limited 
circumstances as described herein. 
NEITHER THE NOTES, NOR ANY BENEFICIAL INTERESTS THEREIN, HAVE BEEN APPROVED 
OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE NOTES

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR ANY SUPPLEMENT HERETO. 
ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) designated as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in relation to a particular issuance of Notes may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) or persons(s) acting on 
behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("IDD"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the UK Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, 
CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE 
Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the 
"SF (CMP) Regulations") that, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products as defined in SF (CMP) Regulations and "Excluded 
Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical 
facts included in this Base Prospectus may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements 
generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may", "will", "expect", "intend", 
"estimate", "anticipate", "believe", "continue" or similar terminology. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations 
reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there can be no 
assurance that these expectations will prove to be correct.  
Prospective investors should be aware that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and that the Issuer's actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and the development 
of the business environment in which it operates may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the 
forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Issuer's results of operations, 
financial condition and liquidity and the development of that environment in which the Issuer operates for any period 
are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, such results, financial condition, 
liquidity or developments may not be indicative of results, financial condition, liquidity or developments in subsequent 
periods. Important factors that could cause those differences include, but are not limited to:

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
impact of the novel coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic and measures taken by the governments on the 
global economy in general and economies of the Issuer’s member nation-states (the "Member States") in 
particular; 
 
the level of support the Issuer receives from the Member States; 
 
the timing and success of business development efforts; 
 
the impact of projects undertaken to improve cost efficiencies and enhance revenue growth; 
 
the ability to increase and diversify the composition of the Issuer's loan portfolio; 
 
overall economic and business conditions, including declines in the levels of worldwide economic and 
business activity or the continuation of past reduced levels of such activity for a prolonged period; 
 
dislocations in global financial markets that restrict access of the Issuer or its customers to capital and credit 
markets on favourable terms or at all; 
 
changes and trends in commodity prices; 
 
the demand for loans in the markets in which the Issuer operates and the ability of the Issuer to originate 
loans that fulfil its investment criteria;  
 
competitive factors in the industries in which the Issuer and its customers compete; 
 
interest rate fluctuations and other capital market conditions; 
 
exchange rate fluctuations; 
 
economic and political conditions in international markets, including governmental changes; 
 
hostilities and restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders; and 
 
the timing, impact and other uncertainties arising from future actions. 
The sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—Factors Affecting the Issuer's Results of Operations" contain a 
more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the Issuer's future performance and the industry in which 
it operates. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events described in this Base 
Prospectus may not occur.  
The Issuer does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether 
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements 
attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary 
statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in 
certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.  
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best knowledge 
of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission 
likely to affect its import.

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
BENCHMARKS 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one of the London Interbank 
Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), which are respectively provided by 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE") and the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), and other 
indices which are deemed "benchmarks". As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is included and ICE is not 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) 
(the "Benchmark Regulation"). As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply, such that ICE is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).The applicable Final Terms will 
specify the administrator of any benchmark used as a reference under the Floating Rate Notes and whether or not such 
administrator appears on the above mentioned register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the ESMA.

--- Page 10 ---
x 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
RISK FACTORS 
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
22 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
30 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
36 
CAPITALISATION OF THE ISSUER 
37 
SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
38 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL 
CONDITION 
42 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
71 
THE ISSUER 
91 
MANAGEMENT 
112 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
121 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
156 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
165 
SUMMARY OF THE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM 
174 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
182 
TAXATION 
188 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
198 
APPENDIX - CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
201 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
206 
INDEX TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
208

--- Page 11 ---
1 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves a high degree of risk. The Issuer believes that the following factors may 
affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Some of these factors are contingencies that may or may not 
occur.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes are also described below. If any of the risks described below actually materialises, the Issuer’s business, 
prospects, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If this were 
to happen, the trading price of the Notes could decline or the Issuer could be unable to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes and investors may lose the value of their entire investment, or part of it.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes, 
or otherwise perform its obligations under any Notes, may occur for other reasons that may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or for reasons that it may not currently 
be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.  
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer  
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk from its customers, clients and counterparties and its credit policies may be 
insufficient to mitigate these risks 
The Issuer’s business exposes it to credit risk. As a result of any economic uncertainty (including as a 
result of the COVID-19 pandemic), the demand for borrowing from creditworthy customers may decline or the 
Issuer’s customers or counterparties (including other financial institutions) could become delinquent on their loans 
or other obligations to the Issuer, which, in turn, could result in a higher level of write offs and provisions for 
expected credit losses or requirements that the Issuer strengthen its capital or provide other funding, any of which 
could adversely affect the Issuer’s and its customers’ business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results 
of operations. 
The quality of the Issuer’s credit exposures will have a significant impact on its earnings. The Issuer 
estimates and establishes provisions for expected credit losses with respect to credit risks and potential credit losses 
inherent in its credit exposure in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). This 
process, which is critical to its financial condition and results of operations, requires difficult, subjective and 
complex judgments, including forecasts of how economic conditions might impair the ability of its borrowers to 
repay their loans. While the Issuer's estimations are verified by its auditors through audit or review procedures, as 
is the case with any such assessment, there is always the possibility that the Issuer will fail to identify the proper 
factors or that it will fail to accurately estimate the impact of factors that it identifies. The Issuer’s ability to assess 
the creditworthiness of its customers or to estimate the values of its assets may be impaired if the relevant adverse 
financial and economic market conditions render the models and techniques used by the Issuer less accurate in their 
predictions of future behaviour, valuations or estimates. Any such failure could result in increased default rates.  
There can be no assurance that the Issuer’s credit policies will be sufficient to mitigate credit risks arising 
from lending for medium and long terms to borrowers located in emerging markets such as the Eurasian Economic 
Union (the "EEU") countries. Moreover, with a view to promote economic growth, the Issuer intends to expand 
funding to finance projects in Armenia, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan, which may increase risk exposure. This could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of 
operations. The Issuer’s expected credit loss provisions on loans to customers was U.S.$72.9 million as at 31 
December 2020, representing 3.4% of total loans to customers outstanding on that date compared to U.S.$62.8 
million as at 31 December 2019, representing 3.1% of total loans to customers outstanding on that date, and 
compared to U.S.$66.2 million as at 31 December 2018, representing 3.9% of total loans to customers outstanding 
on that date.

--- Page 12 ---
2 
The Issuer ordinarily estimates the credit capacity of a borrower based on its solvency and the net 
realisable value of the collateral in determining applicable provisioning and collateralisation requirements. The 
Issuer has established relationships with certain credit reference organisations in the Republic of Armenia, the 
Republic of Belarus, the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Republic of Kyrgyzstan and the Russian Federation to receive 
information about potential borrowers in the countries where the Issuer operates. However, the information that 
these credit reference organisations provide may not be sufficient in all cases to carry out a comprehensive credit 
assessment of a potential borrower. The systems in place in the Member States for gathering and publishing 
economic data, both generally and relating to specific economic sectors or individual enterprises, are not as 
comprehensive as those of many more developed countries. The Issuer’s inability to properly assess potential 
borrowers' creditworthiness may have a negative effect on the Issuer’s loan portfolio and, accordingly, the Issuer’s 
business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s ability to assess the creditworthiness of customers and to estimate the losses inherent in its 
loan portfolio is made more complex by the adverse financial market and economic conditions, which may be caused 
by unexpected factors such as the outbreak of COVID-19. The reoccurrence of such adverse financial and economic 
market conditions, or the failure of the global and local economic and financial markets to continue to improve, 
could have the following consequences:  
 
increases in loan delinquencies; 
 
increases in distressed assets; and 
 
decreases in the value of the collateral securing the Issuer’s loans, which could reduce the borrowing power 
of the Issuer’s customers.  
The occurrence of such events could require significant increases in the provision for expected credit 
losses. If the Issuer’s provision for expected credit losses is not adequate to absorb losses in its loan portfolio, it 
may experience excessive loan losses, while increased provision for expected credit losses may decrease the Issuer's 
profitability and have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and 
results of operations.  
The Issuer's loan portfolio is concentrated in certain industry sectors and in certain Member States and is subject 
to credit risk due to high lending concentration 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio includes, and is likely to continue to include, concentrations in the non-
financial sectors of its Member States’ economies. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had made U.S.$2,171.6 
million in gross loans to 42 borrowers in non-financial sectors, largely in the transport, chemical industry, energy, 
mining and infrastructure sectors. Of these loans, 33.7% were in the transport sector, 21.4% were in the chemical 
industry sector, 20.3% were in the energy sector, 9.8% were in the mining sector, 5.0% were in the infrastructure 
sector and 9.7% were in other non-financial sectors.  
The Issuer’s loan portfolio also includes, and is likely to continue to include, concentrations in particular 
Member States. As at 31 December 2020, 29.6%, 42.4%, 26.3% and 1.8% of the Issuer’s total loans to customers 
and loans and advances to financial institutions were to borrowers based in the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Russian 
Federation, the Republic of Belarus and in other Member States, respectively. In addition, as at 31 December 2020, 
the Issuer’s top ten borrowers (in terms of loans issued to single borrowers or groups of connected borrowers) 
accounted for 66.0% of the Issuer’s total loans to customers and loans and advances to financial institutions. As at 
31 December 2020, two customers of the Issuer had balances exceeding 10% of the Issuer's total equity. 
The Issuer expects that, to fulfil its purposes as set out in the Establishing Agreement, it will continue to 
have a high lending concentration. This concentration may result in an adverse impact on the business, prospects, 
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the Issuer if economic changes particularly affect its

--- Page 13 ---
3 
largest customers, or its customers in the countries or business sectors to which its loan portfolio is concentrated 
and exposed. As a result, the Issuer is potentially subject to high credit risk concentration and earnings volatility.  
The Issuer faces risks associated with the level of, and changes in, interest rates 
The Issuer is exposed to interest rate risks resulting from mismatches between the interest rates on its 
interest bearing assets and interest bearing liabilities. Any future increase or decrease in interest rates could have an 
adverse effect on the net interest margin and results of operations of the Issuer. Additionally, absolute changes in 
market interest rates, changes in the relationships between short-term and long-term market interest rates or changes 
in the relationships between different interest rate indices may affect the interest received by the Issuer on interest 
bearing assets differently than the interest paid by the Issuer on interest bearing liabilities. This difference could 
result in an increase in interest expense relative to interest income and, therefore, reduce the Issuer’s net interest 
income. Further, as happened in the past, a decrease in market interest rates may enable the Issuer's borrowers to 
request a decrease in the established interest rates under existing facilities. The Issuer may not be able to match such 
changes in its interest income by a corresponding change in its interest expense. The profitability of the Issuer is 
dependent to a large extent on interest rate margins, which are the differences between interest income that the 
Issuer earns on interest bearing assets, such as loans and investment securities, and the interest expense paid by the 
Issuer on interest bearing liabilities, such as borrowings. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond 
the Issuer’s control, including general economic conditions and policies of various government and regulatory 
authorities. Fluctuations in interest rates are not predictable or controllable. 
The Issuer’s net interest margin was 1.33% for the year ended 31 December 2020, compared to 2.22% 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2.75% for the year ended 31 December 2018. A decrease in the Issuer's 
interest margin was primarily driven by a decrease in the average interest rate on the Issuer's interest bearing assets. 
The average interest rate on the Issuer’s total interest bearing assets for the year ended 31 December 2020 was 5.2%, 
as compared to 6.2% for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 6.1% for the year ended 31 December 2018. The 
decrease in the Issuer's average rate on interest bearing assets was primarily driven by a decrease in interest rates in 
the Member States, as well as a decrease in key global interest rate benchmarks. The average interest rate on the 
Issuer’s total interest bearing liabilities was 5.8%, 7.5% and 6.8% for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 
2018, respectively. As at 31 December 2020, 57.7% and 43.2% of the Issuer's total interest bearing assets had fixed 
and floating interest rates, respectively.  
While the Issuer monitors its interest rate sensitivity by analysing the composition of its assets and 
liabilities, including off-balance sheet financial instruments, interest rate movements may have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
The Issuer is exposed to foreign currency risks  
The Issuer's presentation currency is U.S. dollars. Assets and liabilities of the Issuer are denominated in 
several currencies, including RUB, KZT and EUR. Foreign currency risk refers to losses that may be incurred due 
to currency fluctuations. Although the Issuer in most cases extends loans in the same currencies as its principal 
liabilities, it remains exposed to the effects of fluctuation in the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates on its 
financial position. In 2020, national currencies of the Member States depreciated against the USD primarily due to 
a decline in global trade exacerbated by a turbulence in global financial markets as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic. These tendencies resulted in a decrease in RUB and KZT exchange rate against the USD by 19.3% and 
10.4%, respectively, in 2020. 
As at 31 December 2020, 8.3%, 15.9%, 29.6% and 46.2% of the Issuer's net loan portfolio was 
denominated in USD, KZT, RUB and Euros, respectively, while 58.2%, 6.5% and 22.8% of the Issuer's debt 
securities at amortised cost and at fair value through other comprehensive income were denominated in USD, RUB 
and KZT, respectively. In order to diversify its funding base and expand its range of operations with financial 
institutions the Issuer had increased its loans and deposits from banks to U.S.$1,560.1 million as at 31 December

--- Page 14 ---
4 
2020 from U.S.$242.9 million as at 31 December 2018. This funding is denominated in multiple currencies, 
including Chinese yuan. Pursuant to its internal policies, the Issuer sets limits on its open currency positions and 
performs certain other measures aimed at reducing exchange rate risk, such as entering into foreign exchange 
derivative contracts. The Issuer might not be able to obtain hedging for its liabilities or, if it does, it might be at 
significant cost and/or its counterparties could default on their obligations to the Issuer. Future changes in currency 
exchange rates and the volatility of currencies may adversely affect the Issuer’s foreign currency position and, 
accordingly, the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.  
The Issuer may face liquidity risks, which it may fail to mitigate if it is unable to raise sufficient funding  
The Issuer meets a portion of its funding requirements using loans and deposits from banks and issuing 
debt securities, which as a percentage of total liabilities represented 88.2%, 89.1% and 89.7% as at 31 December 
2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The Issuer may have limited acсess to the capital markets and the Issuer's 
depositors and lenders may withdraw their deposits from the Issuer or decide not to extend deposits to the Issuer, 
and such withdrawals of deposits may result in liquidity gaps that the Issuer may not be able to cover. 
The Issuer faces increasing competition and its performance may vary depending on changes in the intensity and 
source of this competition 
The market in providing financing to development projects is relatively competitive. The Issuer’s 
principal competitors are national, regional and other international development banks as well as large local 
commercial or state-owned banks operating within the region (including the EEU markets). The Issuer attempts to 
avoid direct competition with commercial banks where possible using its extensive expertise in major long-term 
infrastructure projects across the Member States. In addition to local commercial and development banks, foreign 
commercial banks, especially those located in the Russian Federation, play an important role in providing financing 
to corporate customers. Foreign entries into the Member States’ banking markets may further increase competition 
in those markets. Certain of these competitors could be more established, and have greater financial resources, than 
the Issuer.  
In recent years, sovereign wealth funds, private equity funds and hedge funds have risen in prominence 
as alternative sources of financing. Consolidation in the financial services industry worldwide is increasingly 
concentrating activity in larger institutions, with globalisation exposing the Issuer to competition at global and local 
levels, both for funding in the capital markets and for access to the most creditworthy borrowers. In 2020, the recent 
economic and financial downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic reduced the number of suitable investment 
projects in the EEU markets in which the Issuer operates. In many cases across the Member States, state-owned 
financial institutions receive lower cost sources for funding their loans and an opportunity to refinance or restructure 
their borrowings to reduce their interest expense. No assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to compete 
effectively as it continues to implement its strategy which may adversely affect the Issuer’s business, prospects, 
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.  
Sanctions may affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
Despite being an international organisation, the Issuer is exposed to legal risks arising from a variety of 
sources to the extent that, where applicable, the Issuer has waived immunity with respect to such exposure. See "The 
Issuer—Legal Status, Privileges and Immunities". The Issuer also may be affected by actions of governments that 
affect access to the global financial infrastructure. These issues require the Issuer to deal appropriately with potential 
conflicts of interest, legal requirements, ethical issues, anti-money laundering laws and similar laws and regulations, 
including sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control 
("OFAC") and equivalent sanctions or measures imposed by the European Union and the United Kingdom (the 
"UK"), privacy laws and confidentiality issues, information security policies and conduct by companies with which 
the Issuer does business. For example, OFAC subjects U.S. persons who do business with certain persons or entities 
listed on the "specially designated nationals" list and other sanction lists promulgated by OFAC to potential

--- Page 15 ---
5 
sanctions, and these lists currently include, and from time to time in the future may include, persons and entities, 
including officials and state entities, of one or more of the Member States or prospective Member States.  
In particular, the United States, the EU and the UK (as well as other nations such as Australia, Canada, 
Japan and Switzerland) have imposed sanctions on certain Russian persons and entities in connection with the 
conflict in Ukraine, as well as alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. Presidential elections. For example, a number 
of Russian government officials, businessmen, banks and companies have been subject to asset seizures (and, in the 
case of individuals, travel bans) in the EU, United States and the UK, and U.S., EU and UK persons have been 
restricted in their ability to do business and provide funds or other economic resources to such individuals and 
entities. In addition, the EU, the UK and United States have also instituted so-called "sectoral" sanctions restricting 
the ability of several of Russia’s leading banks to access international capital markets (as U.S. persons are prohibited 
from extending them debt financing in excess of 14 days and EU and UK persons - in excess of 30 days, or dealing 
in their new equity issuances and providing related services). Similar sectoral sanctions have been applied against 
several prominent Russian oil and gas and defense companies. These sectoral sanctions have in the past contributed, 
and may in the future contribute, to an increase in the cost of capital in Russia. Other international sanctions have 
been imposed in respect of, among other things, Russian military defense entities, dual military/civil use 
technologies, sophisticated off-shore oil drilling technologies and companies doing business in Crimea. The current 
sanctions regime is a result of multiple extensions by the U.S., EU and the UK of the term and scope of sanctions. 
The governments of the United States and certain EU member states, as well as certain EU officials, have indicated 
that they may consider additional sanctions should such tensions between Russia and Ukraine continue. On 6 April 
2018, OFAC announced that it has added certain individuals and entities to the specially designated nationals and 
blocked persons (SDN) List and made certain changes to the sectoral sanctions identifications list (which did not 
include the Issuer or any of its officers). In 2018 and 2019, the United States continued to add various private 
individuals and entities to the SDN List with no indication of any specific reason for including them. Further 
expansion of the SDN List with Russian entities or their affiliates may have a further negative effect on the Russian 
economy and result in further impairment of the investment environment, capital outflows from Russia. 
Russia is a Member State and the other Member States have significant economic and political relations 
with Russia. Russia and Kazakhstan, together with Belarus, are also members of the Customs Union (the "Customs 
Union") and Common Economic Space. The functioning of the EEU (which essentially is the continuation of the 
Customs Union and Common Economic Space) is expected to continue to strengthen the Member States’ economic 
relations with Russia going forward. As at 31 December 2020, 41.6% of the Issuer’s gross loans to customers and 
gross loans and advances to financial institutions were to borrowers based in Russia. Sanctions imposed on certain 
Russian persons and entities by the United States, the EU and the UK and other countries and possible expansion 
of such sanctions could prevent the Issuer from dealing with certain Russian counterparties, which could have a 
material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.  
The Issuer has implemented policies and procedures designed to identify whether persons with whom the 
Issuer does business, including potential Council and Management Board members and potential borrowers and 
their affiliated parties, are included on the sanctions lists. The compliance procedures applied by the Issuer are 
recommended by the Financial Action Task Force, the Wolfsberg Group and the Eurasian Group on combating 
money laundering and the financing of terrorism. As part of these procedures, the Issuer uses the OFAC card-index 
database, UN and EU sanctions lists, the Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets in the UK, the World-
Check and Accuity databases and other information resources. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no person 
designated to serve on any management body of the Issuer is the subject of sanctions administered by OFAC or 
sanctions or measures imposed by the European Union and the UK. While the Issuer believes its procedures are 
effective, there can be no assurance that these procedures can ensure that their objectives will be achieved. Failure 
to address these issues appropriately may give rise to additional legal and compliance risk to the Issuer, result in 
litigation and other action against the Issuer, or subject the Issuer to fines, penalties or reputational damage, which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results 
of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
6 
None of the proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used to fund activities or persons that are subject 
to sanctions introduced by the United States, the European Union and/or the United Kingdom. 
The Issuer is a creation of international law and is not subject to regulation by any state  
The Issuer is an international organisation founded by the Russian Federation and the Republic of 
Kazakhstan pursuant to the Agreement Establishing the Eurasian Development Bank dated 12 January 2006 (the 
"Establishing Agreement"). The Establishing Agreement has the status of a treaty under public international law 
and the Issuer is a creature of, and subject to, public international law. The Issuer’s existence, powers, privileges, 
immunities, liabilities and operations are subject to and governed by the Establishing Agreement. The Issuer is not 
subject to regulation by any state. Accordingly, while the Issuer has established policies and procedures to govern 
its internal operations in accordance with international standards, such as the Basel Accords and IFRS standards, 
the operations of the Issuer are not subject to the external regulatory oversight to which domestic financial 
institutions established in its Member States are subject. In particular, the Issuer is not subject to any external formal 
minimum capital adequacy requirements. However, it has adopted internal regulations on maintaining a minimum 
capital adequacy ratio calculated on the basis of Basel II principles, which currently is no less than 16.0%. See 
"Legal Personality; Enforceability of Judgments" and "The Issuer-Legal Status, Privileges and Immunities". 
In addition, although its members constitute sovereign states, the Issuer has the status of a legal entity 
and has a legal personality separate from the governments of its Member States and the agencies of such 
governments The Notes, interest or other amounts due or to become due in respect of the Notes, constitute 
obligations solely of the Issuer and do not constitute the obligation of, nor are they guaranteed or insured by, the 
Russian Federation, the Republic of Kazakhstan or any other Member State or sovereign entity or agency thereof.  
The Issuer may not be able to recruit or maintain qualified personnel 
There is generally a considerable shortage of adequately qualified personnel in the banking sectors of the 
Member States, particularly in such areas as risk management and credit assessment. If the shortage of adequately 
qualified banking personnel persists, the Issuer’s ability to conduct its business may be affected, which could, in 
turn, adversely affect the Issuer’s financial results. In addition, the shortage of adequately qualified banking 
personnel may cause the Issuer to increase expenditures to implement additional financial and other incentives in 
order to retain its existing personnel and recruit additional personnel. 
 
Risk Factors Relating to the Member States 
General 
Substantially all of the Issuer's business is undertaken, and its customers and assets are located, in the 
Member States. Emerging markets such as those in the Member States are subject to greater risks than more 
developed markets, including in some cases significant legal, economic and political risks. Investors should be 
aware that these risks may be applicable to the Issuer notwithstanding that its status as an international organisation 
affords it certain privileges, immunities and political protection. Investors should also note that emerging markets 
such as the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Russian Federation and the other Member States are subject to rapid change 
and that the information set out in this Base Prospectus may become outdated relatively quickly.  
Adverse global conditions in financial and economic markets that affect the economies of the Member States could 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and financial condition 
From time to time, the economies of the Member States are adversely affected by the global or regional 
economic turbulence. The recent COVID-19 outbreak and restrictive measures that were imposed by governments 
throughout the world negatively affected supply chains and the global demand for crude oil. The sharp decline in 
oil prices adversely affected the Russian economy, as one of the largest oil exporters in the world, and indirectly

--- Page 17 ---
7 
negatively affected the economies of the other Member States, because Russia is their main trading partner. 
Although oil prices have recovered in the second half of 2020 and in the beginning of 2021 (with spot prices of 
Brent crude oil averaging U.S.$50/bbl in December 2020 and U.S.$55/bbl in January 2021, as compared to 
U.S.$18.4/bbl in April 2020, according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency), they may continue to be volatile. 
In addition, the conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions imposed on certain Russian individuals and legal 
entities by the U.S. and the EU in response to the perceived actions of Russia in Ukraine have undercut confidence 
in the Russian economy and added to the cost of capital and devaluation of the Russian Rouble. The negative effects 
of the decline in commodity prices on the economies of Russia and Kazakhstan have had, to a certain extent, a 
"contagion effect" on economies in the region, including, the economies of other Member States as Russia and 
Kazakhstan are their close trading partners.  
Belarus' economy and finances have been and continue to be adversely affected political and economic 
instability in neighbouring markets such as Ukraine and Russia, as well as by downturns in the global economy. 
The political and economic situation in Belarus also remains volatile, however, the influence of the Belarussian 
economy on the Member States is limited due to its smaller size. 
The global economic environment is subject to a number of uncertainties, including mounting 
government deficits, discontinuation of certain stimulus programmes, potential inflation or deflation, political 
tensions over global trade (in particular, economic tension between the governments of the United States and China), 
labour and capital mobility, terrorism and concerns over the stability of the monetary and political union in the EU. 
Financial markets and the supply of credit are likely to continue to be impacted by concerns surrounding the 
sovereign debt of certain EU countries as well as concerns about a slowdown in growth in certain economies. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 severely affected the volume of business activity, investments and trade 
worldwide. In October 2020, the International Monetary Fund released its forecast, which predicted a 4.4 per cent. 
contraction in global GDP in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic (and associated effects such as oil price 
volatility) and the restrictive measures taken to combat it. The downturn in economic activity and export operations 
globally and in Russia and Kazakhstan as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak have been aggravated by the substantial 
decline in oil prices since early March when the global oil markets experienced a precipitous decline in oil prices in 
response to concerns regarding the potential impact of the COVID-19 outbreak and the uncertainty of oil production 
from the OPEC+ countries. In April 2020 the OPEC+ countries entered into a new agreement to reduce oil 
production. Notwithstanding the goal of this agreement, its total impact on crude oil prices is still to be determined. 
The depreciation of the RUB and KZT in March 2020 and the ensuing volatility of RUB and KZT may negatively 
impact the Issuer’s performance in U.S. dollar terms, as well as have a broader effect on its operations and 
customers. No assurance can be given that further economic downturns, financial crises or widespread stock market 
crashes will not occur, or that measures to support global or local banking and financial systems, if taken to 
overcome any downturn or crisis, will be sufficient to restore stability in the banking sectors and financial markets 
in the short term or beyond. These and other events have resulted and could result in further economic uncertainty, 
decrease in foreign investment into and increased capital outflows from Russia and emerging markets generally as 
well as persistent volatility in global and regional financial markets. 
Other global political developments may also have negative effects on the economies of the Member 
States. On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom formally left the EU ("Brexit"). The United Kingdom and the 
European Commission reached an agreement on the future trading relationship between the parties (the "UK-EU 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement" or "TCA"). On 30 December 2020, the UK Parliament approved the 
European Union (Future Relationship) Bill, thereby ratifying the TCA. The TCA is subject to formal approval by 
the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union before it comes into effect and has been applied 
provisionally since 1 January 2021. While it is difficult to predict the effect of Brexit on the European and global 
economy, uncertainty regarding new or modified arrangements between the United Kingdom and the European 
Union could result in additional volatility in the markets and increased borrowing costs. The resulting political and 
economic uncertainty could also lead to further calls for other governments of other European Union Member States

--- Page 18 ---
8 
to consider withdrawal from the European Union or the abandonment of the Euro as a currency. Such developments, 
or the perception that any such developments could occur, could have a material adverse effect on global economic 
conditions and the stability of the global economy.  
In addition, the status of trade relations between the U.S. and some of its largest trade partners, including 
with respect to the U.S.’s existing trade agreements, may adversely impact the financial markets. These volatile 
trade relations, in particular between the U.S. and China, could result in negative repercussions in these countries 
and have a knock-on effect on global trade and the economic environment. These developments, or the perception 
that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic 
conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and 
restrict the ability of key market participants to fund their capital and liquidity requirements and operate in certain 
financial markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity, commodities markets and restrict access to 
capital.  
If the condition of the global or Member States' economic and financial markets continues to deteriorate, 
it could lead to a deterioration of the credit quality of the Issuer's investment and treasury portfolios, decrease in 
profitability of the Issuer's projects, negative revaluation of financial assets, an increase in operational risks, and 
have other adverse effects on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of 
operations. 
The Member States may be subject to liquidity problems that could have an adverse impact on the Issuer's business 
or financial condition 
The decline in global oil prices between 2014 and 2016 and in 2020, in addition to continuing volatility 
in commodity markets, combined with the sanctions against Russian persons and entities, has impaired the ability 
of banks, corporates and other entities in the Member States to access the international capital markets and led, 
generally, to reduced liquidity and increased costs of funding, both for banks and for other participants in and users 
of these markets. 
As at 31 December 2020, 42.3%, 13.2% and 22.7% of the Issuer's gross loans and advances to financial 
institutions were to financial institutions in the Russian Federation, the Republic of Kazakhstan and Belarus, 
respectively. Further, as at 31 December 2020, the Issuer held an equivalent of U.S.$1,799.6 million of financial 
assets (comprising financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, loans and advances to financial institutions, 
loans to customers, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, debt securities at amortised 
cost, investments in associates and hedging instruments) issued by the Government of the Russian Federation and 
Russian-based banks and companies. Instability in the Russian financial and banking sector and a bail-out of three 
major private banks in 2017 have contributed to volatility and lowered investor confidence in the Russian banking 
system. More recently, on 22 January 2019, similar measures were introduced by the CBR with respect to Moscow 
Industrial Bank, the 33rd largest bank in Russia by assets as of 1 January 2019. Any further significant disruptions 
to the business operations of large Russian banks or restrictions on their ability to fulfil their financial obligations 
towards other Russian or foreign creditors and banks may have a material adverse effect on the Russian banking 
sector, local financial market and investment climate generally. Liquidity difficulties could also arise in other large 
privately owned banks in Russia, and there can be no assurance that the CBR will be able to provide financial 
support to such banks, which would further exacerbate difficulties in the banking sector and the local financial 
market. 
The Kazakhstan banking system remains under stress with banks seeking to deleverage through partial 
repayments and debt restructurings. In the past, the NBK, and with effect from 1 January 2020, the Agency of the 
Republic of Kazakhstan for Regulation and Development of Financial Market (the "ARDFM")) revoked the 
licenses of a number of banks and there were several liquidations, consolidations and government-supported 
restructurings in Kazakhstan. While the measures implemented by the NBK and the ARDFM have contributed to 
the general stability of the banking sector, the industry continues to operate in a challenging environment in which

--- Page 19 ---
9 
further defaults and restructurings cannot be excluded. The impact of the continuing challenges in the banking 
sectors in the Russian Federation and the Republic of Kazakhstan may lead to a further reduction in liquidity and 
affect the soundness of Russian and Kazakhstan banks, including the Issuer's counterparties, which in turn could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of 
operations.  
Belarus has significant external financing, which historically has been obtained to address the balance of 
payments deficit and support its foreign reserves. If Belarus is unable to access the international capital markets or 
is unable to secure further external funding from Russia, China, IFIs or other sources, this may result in increased 
pressure on Belarus' foreign exchange reserves and have an adverse impact on Belarus' economy and ability to meet 
its ongoing financing needs. 
During the periods of instability, the authorities in the Member States historically implemented measures 
to provide liquidity to their banking sectors and support the solvency of financial institutions, which was critical for 
restoring investor confidence and supporting the recovery of the economy. However, there is no assurance that the 
authorities of the Member States will continue to implement such measures or, if implemented, such measures will 
be successful in materially improving the financial condition of the affected financial institutions or that such 
measures will not be implemented selectively. If instability continues, the Member States' economies, as well as the 
Issuer’s customers, may suffer, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, 
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and the value of the Notes. 
Member States face corporate and commodity risks that could negatively affect the Issuer's business and financial 
condition 
Many businesses in the Member States have much more limited operating experience in competitive 
market conditions than their U.S. and Western European counterparts. In addition, the Member States’ economies 
have recently experienced significant volatility. Accordingly, the financial performance of businesses in the 
Member States is generally more volatile, and the credit quality of such businesses has been, on average, less 
predictable than the credit quality of similar businesses doing business in more mature markets and economies.  
In addition, Member State countries, such as the Republic of Kazakhstan and the Russian Federation, 
whose economies and state budgets rely materially on the export of hydrocarbon products and other commodities, 
the import of capital equipment and significant foreign investments in infrastructure projects could be adversely 
affected by any renewed volatility, by any further decline in oil and other commodity prices, by any sustained fall 
in such prices or by the frustration or delay of any infrastructure projects caused by political or economic instability 
in countries involved in such projects.  
Given the Issuer’s customer base, the operations and earnings of its customers may be indirectly affected 
by changes in oil, gas and petrochemical prices. Oil, gas and petrochemical prices are volatile and depend on local, 
regional and global events and conditions that are beyond the control of the Issuer.  
If a number of the Issuer’s borrowers were to experience poor financial performance due to a downturn 
in the Member States’ economies generally, or in the sectors in which such borrowers operate specifically, or 
volatility in certain sectors thereof, this could potentially have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.  
 
Actions of Member States may adversely affect the Issuer 
Although the Issuer is an international organisation having a legal personality separate from its Member 
States, the Issuer and its business operations may be affected by decisions of the Member States in their relations 
with other nations. These decisions may result in adverse effects on the Issuer and the business environment in 
which the Issuer and its counterparties operate, including the reduction or cessation of commercial activity by private 
counterparties as the result of perceived increases in operational risk, or more formal actions by countries or

--- Page 20 ---
10 
international organisations to limit or preclude business activity by their nationals or organisational participants with 
the Issuer or in the areas in which the Issuer operates. No assurance can be given that such circumstances in the 
future will not adversely affect the creditworthiness of borrowers and increase the Issuer’s funding costs, and 
accordingly, adversely affect the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of 
operations.  
Under the Issuer's Charter, the Member States are required to refrain from attempts to influence any 
employee or governing body of the Issuer. However, the Council is the primary governing body of the Issuer, and 
its members are all government officials appointed by each of the Member States. Although the Issuer has not 
experienced any pressure from the Member States to deviate from its credit and lending policies and procedures or 
take decisions absent mutual agreement of the Member States, there is no guarantee that the Issuer may not 
experience this type of pressure in the future. Any deviation from its credit and lending policies and procedures as 
a result of such pressure could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. In addition, if any political disagreement arises between the governments of any of the Member States 
this could also adversely affect the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of 
operations.  
In addition, the Issuer’s Charter provides that any Member State may withdraw its membership by giving 
the Issuer written notice to that effect. Upon receipt of such notice, all rights accorded to such Member State 
terminate, except the right to withdraw, and such Member State may not vote on any resolutions being adopted by 
the Management Board or the Council. Such Member State continues to bear all its direct and contingent obligations 
to the Issuer for as long as any part of loans, investments in the authorised capital or guarantees provided prior to 
withdrawal remains outstanding. Prior to withdrawal, the Issuer and such Member State may agree upon the 
repurchase of shares held by such Member State in the authorised capital of the Issuer on mutually beneficial terms, 
failing which the repurchase price shall be set based on the value of net assets of the Issuer (as of the date that the 
withdrawal notice was received by the Issuer) and the shares in the authorised capital paid up by such a Member 
State. As a result, the withdrawal of a Member State may adversely affect the Issuer’s share capital and financial 
condition, as well as its business, prospects and results of operations. 
Political uncertainty in Member States could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and financial condition 
The Member States became independent sovereign states as a result of the dissolution of the former Soviet 
Union in the early 1990s. Since then, these countries have experienced significant changes as they moved from 
single party political systems and centrally controlled command economies to more market oriented economies. 
These transitions were marked in the earlier years by political uncertainty and economic recession (together with 
high inflation and an unstable local currency) and rapid changes in the legal environment. 
These Member States’ political systems are developing. In particular, the course of political and economic 
reforms in the Russian Federation during the 1990s was uneven in some respects and the composition of the 
government of the Russian Federation (in particular, the prime minister and the other heads of federal ministries) 
was at times unstable. Although political stability improved significantly after Mr. Putin’s election as President in 
2000 and his further re-elections to this post, the various government institutions and the relations among them, as 
well as the Russian government’s policies and the political leaders who formulate and implement them, have been 
subject to unexpected change. While the Russian political system and the relationship between the Russian 
president, the Russian government and the State Duma currently appears to be stable, future instability could result 
either from an economic downturn, a decrease in standards of living, political disagreements or unrest, a change in 
government policy or otherwise. In January 2020, a series of political reforms were proposed purporting to re-
allocate powers and responsibilities among the Russian governmental authorities, including those of the State Duma 
and the Government. The reforms would have to be administered and changes to the Constitution and other laws 
would be necessary for the political decisions to become effective. The proposed amendments to the Constitution 
were approved in a nation-wide vote held from 25 June 2020 to 1 July 2020 and became effective on 4 July 2020. 
The implementation of the amendments to the Constitution are expected to take some time and eventually may

--- Page 21 ---
11 
result in changes to the political and constitutional structure of the Russian Federation, subject to completion of the 
relevant implementation procedures. Future changes in the Government, the State Duma or the presidency, major 
policy shifts or eventual lack of consensus between the president, the Government, Russia’s parliament and powerful 
economic groups could lead to political instability, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, political instability in the 
Member States, including recent civil disorder in Russia and Belarus, may have a negative impact on the 
development of their economies which are already affected by the global economic impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic. 
In Kazakhstan, the first President of Kazakhstan, Nursultan Nazarbayev, began his term in 1991 when 
Kazakhstan became an independent sovereign state. Under president Nazarbayev’s leadership, Kazakhstan enjoyed 
greater stability and prosperity than many other countries of the former Soviet Union. In March 2019, President 
Nazarbayev announced his retirement as President. Mr. Kassym-Jomart Tokayev, who was at the time the Senate 
speaker, succeeded as the acting President for the remainder of the President Nazarbayev's term in line with the 
Constitution. In June 2019, Mr. Tokayev was elected as the new President of Kazakhstan in early presidential 
elections with 70.96% of the votes. (Even though president Nazarbayev resigned, he has retained key political 
positions, bears the honorary title of the "First President," continues to be the leader of the dominant political party 
"Nur Otan" and serves as the life-long chairperson of the Security Council.) If the new President of Kazakhstan fails 
to have sufficient support or fails to govern effectively, or if the new President's administration has a different 
political outlook than that of Mr. Nazarbayev, Kazakhstan's political situation and economy could become unstable. 
Political instability in Kazakhstan or changes to its property, tax or regulatory regimes or other changes could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.  
Although the Member States’ have pursued programmes of economic reform designed to establish a free 
market economy, as with any economies in transition, there can be no assurance that such reforms and other reforms 
described elsewhere in this Base Prospectus will continue or that such reforms will achieve all or any of their 
intended aims. Additionally, state authorities within the Member States have a high degree of discretion and their 
actions have, at times, been perceived as arbitrary and shifts in government policy and regulation may be less 
predictable than in many Western democracies and could disrupt or reverse such reforms.  
Social and labour unrest has arisen in the past, and may arise in the future, in the Member States due to a 
failure of the Member States’ governments and private enterprises to pay full salaries on a regular basis and the 
failure of such salaries and benefits generally to keep pace with the rapidly increasing cost of living and the 
elimination of many subsidised services. These conditions have already led to a certain amount of labour and social 
unrest that may continue or escalate in the future. Such social and labour unrest may cause other significant political, 
social and economic consequences, such as increased violence and support for renewed centralisation of authority, 
re-nationalisation or expropriation of property, or restrictions on foreign involvement in the economy of the Member 
States. Any of these consequences, in particular those which would disrupt the operations of the Issuer could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s legal status, business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, 
including the value of the Notes, could be materially adversely affected and the value of investments of the Issuer 
in the Member States could be reduced, if governmental instability occurs, arbitrary actions by state authorities are 
taken or if reforms are reversed.  
The legislative and judicial framework within Member States is still developing, which could create uncertainty for 
the Issuer's business or continued growth 
Although a large volume of legislation has come into force in Belarus, Kazakhstan, Russia and the other 
Member States since their independence, including laws relating to investments, taxation, additional regulation of 
the banking sector and other legislation covering matters such as securities exchanges, economic partnerships and 
companies, state enterprise reform and privatisation, the legal framework in these countries is at a relatively early

--- Page 22 ---
12 
stage of development compared to countries with established market economies. In addition, the judicial systems in 
Belarus, Kazakhstan, Russia and the other Member States may not be regarded as fully independent of outside 
social, economic and political forces. For example, there have been instances of improper payments being made to 
public officials in Belarus, Russia and Kazakhstan. Therefore, court decisions be difficult to predict and can be 
inconsistent. Further, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Russia are civil-law jurisdictions and as a result, court precedents 
have no binding effect on subsequent decisions. The governments of Belarus, Kazakhstan and Russia have indicated 
a commitment to continued reform of corporate governance processes and a desire to improve discipline and 
transparency in the corporate sector to promote growth and stability. However, there can be no assurance that the 
governments of these countries will continue such policies, or that such policies, if continued, will ultimately prove 
to be successful. Therefore, it is not possible to predict the effect of future legislative developments on the Issuer’s 
business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.  
Member States have previously experienced high rates of inflation, which could increase the Issuer’s costs  
Each Member State’s economy has historically experienced high rates of inflation. For example, the 
inflation rate of the Republic of Belarus increased from 9.9% in 2010 to 108.7% in 2011 in connection with the 
depreciation of the Belarusian Rouble; however, inflation stabilised in the following years, reaching 5.6% in 2018, 
4.7% in 2019 and 7.4% in 2020. 
Although inflation rates in the Member States have generally been in decline in recent years, they remain 
high compared to the current inflation rates in Europe and the United States. According to the Federal Service for 
State Statistics of Russia, the annual inflation rate in the Russian Federation (based on the consumer price index) 
was, 4.3% in 2018, 3.0% in 2019 and 4.9% in 2020. According to the NBK, the annual inflation rate in the Republic 
of Kazakhstan based on the consumer price index was 5.3% in 2018, 5.4% in 2019 and 7.5% in 2020. 
Certain of the Issuer’s costs, including salaries, rent and utilities, are sensitive to inflation in the Member 
States. Due to competitive pressures, regulatory constraints or other factors, the Issuer may not be able to reflect 
rising costs caused by the growth in inflation, sufficiently and in a timely manner, in the interest rates on its loans 
to customers and banks and the fees it charges in connection with such loans, which could have a negative impact 
on its margins. As a result, to the extent an increase in inflation in any of the Member States leads to an increase in 
the Issuer’s costs, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to maintain or increase its margins, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results 
of operations.  
Enforcement of foreign judgments or arbitration awards in the Member States may be subject to uncertainty 
As at 31 December 2020, 62.6% of the Issuer’s total assets were located in the Russian Federation and 
the Republic of Kazakhstan combined (36.0% were in the Russian Federation and 26.6% were in the Republic of 
Kazakhstan), 12.3% of the Issuer’s total assets were located in the Republic of Belarus, the Republic of Tajikistan, 
the Republic of Armenia and the Kyrgyz Republic, while the significant majority of the remaining 25.1% of the 
Issuer’s total financial assets comprised bonds issued by banks and financial institutions of non-member states and 
U.S. Treasury securities. In addition, substantially all of the members of the Issuer's Council and Management Board 
reside in the Member States. As a result, it may not be possible for the Noteholders to effect service of process 
within the United Kingdom or the United States upon members of the Issuer's Council or Management Board, or 
enforce, in the English or U.S. courts, judgments obtained outside English or U.S. courts against the Issuer or any 
of the members of its Council or Management Board in any action. 
The courts of a Member State will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country 
other than that Member State unless there is in effect a treaty between such country and such Member State 
providing for reciprocal enforcement of judgments and then only in accordance with the terms of such treaty. There 
is no such treaty in effect between any of the Member States and the United Kingdom or the United States. For 
example, in Kazakhstan and Russia, a foreign court judgment also can be enforced on the basis of the principle of 
"reciprocity." However, such principle has not been properly tested in Kazakhstani courts in practice.

--- Page 23 ---
13 
The Notes will be governed by English law and will provide for any claim, dispute or difference of 
whatever nature arising under, out of or in connection with the Notes (including a claim, dispute or difference 
regarding their existence, termination or validity, and further including any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes) to be referred to and finally settled by arbitration in 
accordance with the Arbitration Rules (the "Rules of the LCIA") of the London Court of International Arbitration 
("LCIA Court") (such arbitration to also be administered by the LCIA Court in accordance with the Rules of the 
LCIA). Each of the Member States, the United States and the United Kingdom is a party to the 1958 New York 
Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (the "Convention"), and, accordingly, 
an award by an arbitration tribunal should be recognised and enforceable in a Member State provided the conditions 
to enforcement set out in the Convention are met and such Member State’s procedures and laws relating to 
enforcement of arbitral awards are satisfied. See "Legal Personality; Enforceability of Judgments". However, in 
certain circumstances described under "— The Issuer's waiver of immunity in relation to the enforcement of 
judgments or arbitration awards may not be recognized by courts in the Russian Federation and the Kyrgyz 
Republic ", the enforcement in the Russian Federation and the Kyrgyz Republic of an arbitral award obtained under 
the Convention cannot be assured.  
The Issuer's waiver of immunity in relation to the enforcement of judgments or arbitration awards may not be 
recognized by courts in the Russian Federation and the Kyrgyz Republic 
The Establishing Agreement and the Charter permit the Issuer to waive any immunity provided therein, 
and, pursuant to the Decision of the Council dated 25 September 2006 and the Decision of the Management Board 
dated 25 February 2021 (the "Waiver of Immunity Decisions"), the Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes waived such immunities to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. See "The Issuer—
Legal Status, Privileges and Immunities". However, the terms of stay agreement with the government of the Russian 
Federation entered into by the Issuer and the Russian Federation in 2008 (the "Russian Terms of Stay Agreement") 
contains a provision that may limit the enforcement of claims in Russia, in that the Issuer may not waive immunities 
as to enforcement procedures. This limitation may be negated by provisions in the Establishing Agreement and the 
Charter to which the Russian Federation is a party since neither the Establishing Agreement nor the Charter 
envisages a similar limitation on the extent to which the immunities may be waived by the Issuer. Given that the 
Establishing Agreement and the Charter should constitute a part of Russian law and laws of other Member States, 
the Issuer believes that it has the right to waive immunities as set forth in the Trust Deed and the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. However, due to the conflicting provisions, in assessing the merits and risks of a purchase 
of Notes, investors should bear in mind that there is a risk that, based on the Russian Terms of Stay Agreement, the 
Issuer’s assets in the Russian Federation may be treated by a Russian court as immune from enforcement actions 
and should carefully consider the consequences of this risk in making their investment decision. As at 31 December 
2020, 41.6% of the Issuer’s gross loans to customers and gross loans and advances to financial institutions were to 
borrowers based in Russia. 
Similar to the situation in the Russian Federation described above, the terms of stay agreement with the 
government of the Kyrgyz Republic entered into by the Issuer and the Kyrgyz Republic in 2011 (the "Kyrgyz 
Terms of Stay Agreement") contains a provision that may limit the enforcement of claims in the Kyrgyz Republic 
and there is a risk that a Kyrgyz court may not recognise the effectiveness of the Issuer’s waiver of immunities as 
to enforcement procedures in the Kyrgyz Republic. As a result, no assurance can be given that an arbitral award 
obtained under the Convention would be enforced in the Kyrgyz Republic. As at 31 December 2020, lending 
projects in the Kyrgyz Republic represent 1.5% of the Issuer's current investment portfolio and the Issuer does not 
anticipate that a substantial part of its assets will be located in the Kyrgyz Republic in the future.

--- Page 24 ---
14 
Risks related to the Notes 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
The Notes do not limit incurrence of additional indebtedness  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the ability of the Issuer to incur additional 
indebtedness or require the Issuer to maintain financial ratios or specified levels of net worth or liquidity. The 
incurrence or guaranteeing of any such indebtedness may reduce the amount recoverable by investors in respect of 
any such Notes in case of the Issuer's termination or winding-up. If the Issuer incurs additional indebtedness in the 
future, these higher levels of indebtedness may adversely affect the Issuer’s creditworthiness generally and its ability 
to pay principal of and interest on the Notes.  
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC, investors will have to rely 
on their procedures for transfers, payments and communications with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or, as the case may be, a custodian for 
DTC. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive 
Definitive Notes. Each of Euroclear, Clearstream and DTC and their respective direct and indirect participants will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes held through it. While the Notes are represented by 
one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear, 
Clearstream and DTC. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the order of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
or, as the case may be, a custodian for DTC for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC to receive payments under the 
relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear, 
Clearstream or DTC to appoint appropriate proxies. 
The Noteholders are, therefore, reliant on the clearing system(s) and any intermediaries for any transfers, 
payments and communications and the Noteholders may not have any recourse against them in the event of any 
defaults or delays in respect thereof. 
Modification, waivers and substitution  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions stipulate defined majorities required to bind all 
Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed 
that is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, 
and (ii) any other modification (except as specified in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of any of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed that is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal 
debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Condition 12 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution)".

--- Page 25 ---
15 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
benchmark event occurs, including an original reference rate becoming unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such an Original Reference 
Rate under the Benchmark Regulation or otherwise (see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Condition 6(c) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation")). Such fallback arrangements will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding, and no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or an 
alternative rate, any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the terms and conditions of such Floating Rate 
Notes (or any other document) which are made in order to effect such replacement rate. 
If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the 
rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the effect of any possible judicial decision or change to English law 
or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Any such decision or change could be 
unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If any such change in law turns out to be 
unfavourable to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders, it could have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes that have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded 
in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Noteholder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amount of Notes, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system 
at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes that have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.  
U.S. Holders of the Notes may be required to pay U.S. federal income tax on certain amounts of interest received 
without the corresponding receipt of cash 
Some Series of the Notes may be issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
and, therefore, a U.S. Holder would be required to include the original issue discount ("OID") in gross income on 
a constant yield to maturity basis without the corresponding receipt of cash to which such original issue discount is 
attributable. See "Taxation—U.S. Federal Income Taxation".  
Additional Notes issued in further offerings by the Issuer may not be fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
with the Notes issued in an existing offering. 
Additional Notes that are treated for non-tax purposes as a single series with previously issued Notes may 
not be treated as fungible with previously outstanding Notes of that series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In 
such case, the additional Notes may be considered to have been issued with OID for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. The market value of the previously outstanding Notes of a series may be adversely affected if additional 
Notes are issued with a greater amount of OID than the OID with which the originally issued Notes were issued, if

--- Page 26 ---
16 
any, unless the additional Notes can be distinguished from the originally issued Notes (for example by use of a 
different Common Code and International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") and, where applicable, CUSIP 
number). See "Taxation—United States Federal Income Taxation—Additional Notes".  
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
that contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain of those features.  
The Notes may be redeemed early by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.  
In particular, the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option 
of the Issuer, including a Call Option at the option of the Issuer, a Make-Whole Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer and a Clean-Up Call at the option of the Issuer (as described in Conditions 7(d) (Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Options), 7(f) (Make-whole Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and 7(h) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call)), respectively). Such right of redemption is often provided 
for securities in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the 
Issuer will exercise its right of redemption increases. The redemption amount payable in respect of the Notes shall 
be (i) the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the case of a Call Option, (ii) the principal amount 
together with accrued interest in the case of a redemption pursuant to the Clean-Up Call and (iii) the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount in the case of a redemption pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption as determined in 
accordance with Condition 7(f) (Make-Whole Redemption at the option of the Issuer) (which shall not be lower than 
their principal amount) together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
such Notes. As a consequence of early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by 
the Noteholder. Part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would 
not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest moneys they receive 
through an early redemption may only be able to reinvest such proceeds at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at the relevant time. Please refer 
to "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and Options)" for further details.  
The Issuer may have a right to convert Notes from a fixed to a floating rate of interest, which may affect the market 
value of such Notes 
Fixed or Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when doing so is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed or Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
spreads then prevailing on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes.  
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the market value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including the London interbank offered 
rate ("LIBOR") and the Euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), and such interest rates which may be applicable

--- Page 27 ---
17 
to Floating Rate Notes issued under Condition 6(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in 
the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmark Regulation") was published in the Official Journal of the 
EU on 29 June 2016 and has been in force since 1 January 2018. The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in 
relation to the administration of "benchmarks" (or, if non EU based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. In addition, 
such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
The potential elimination of LIBOR as a benchmark (or any other benchmark), the establishment of 
alternative reference rates or changes in the manner of administration of LIBOR (or any other benchmark) as a 
benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of any Notes which pay a floating rate on interest. In 
particular, to the extent LIBOR is discontinued or is no longer quoted, the reference rate of such Notes may thereafter 
be determined in relation to a different benchmark. The replacement benchmark may perform differently from the 
discontinued LIBOR and may result in other consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do 
not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on such Notes if LIBOR as a 
benchmark was available in its current form. This could in turn impact the trading value of the affected Notes.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
This may cause these benchmarks to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Risks related to fallbacks to a successor rate or an alternative rate  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
benchmark event occurs, including an original reference rate becoming unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such an Original Reference

--- Page 28 ---
18 
Rate under the Benchmark Regulation or otherwise (see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Condition 6(c) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation")).  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a 
successor rate or an alternative rate, with or without the application of an adjustment spread and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement 
benchmark which may be set out by an Independent Advisor. The use of a successor rate or alternative rate 
(including with the application of an adjustment spread) would still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an 
original reference rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they 
would if the original reference rate were to continue to apply in its current form. This could in turn impact the rate 
of interest on, and market value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging 
instruments based on the Relevant Screen Page may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs 
replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the successor rate or alternative rate.  
The successor rates or alternative rates may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly their 
general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or 
measure. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and 
expected performance the relevant benchmark. 
If, following the occurrence of a benchmark event, no successor rate or alternative rate is determined, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Accrual Period may 
result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period being used or, if none is available, the last 
reference rate observed on the Relevant Screen Page being applied. This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and 
alternative rates, the involvement of an independent adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, 
there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Risks relating to the Russian Rouble Notes and KZT Notes  
For investors (a) holding Russian Rouble Notes or KZT Notes, as applicable, through (i) DTC who have 
not made an irrevocable election to receive payment in Russian Roubles or KZT Notes, as applicable, and (ii) 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream who have made an irrevocable election to receive payment in U.S. Dollars or (b) 
whose Russian Rouble Notes or KZT Notes, as applicable, are represented by Definitive Notes (as defined in 
"Summary of the Provisions Relating to the Notes in Global Form") and who have made an irrevocable election to 
receive a forthcoming payment of principal or interest on the Notes in U.S. Dollars, the Principal Paying Agent will 
subject to its having received the Exchange Amount (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), pursuant 
to and subject to Condition 8(c) (Currency Exchange Option for the Notes for which the Specified Currency is 
Roubles ("Russian Rouble Notes") or KZT Notes), purchase the required U.S. Dollars, using the Exchange Amount 
received in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, at a purchase price calculated on the basis of 
the Applicable Exchange Rate (as defined in Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and transfer the purchased amount 
in U.S. Dollars to the Noteholder’s U.S. dollar account. If for any reason, the Principal Paying Agent cannot 
purchase U.S. Dollars, the relevant payment of interest or principal will be made to the relevant Noteholder in 
Russian Roubles or Tenge, as applicable, as more fully described in Condition 8(c) (Currency Exchange Option for 
the Notes for which the Specified Currency is Roubles ("Russian Rouble Notes") or KZT Notes). The Applicable 
Exchange Rate that the Principal Paying Agent has agreed to exchange Russian Roubles or Tenge, as applicable, 
into U.S. Dollars shall be the internal foreign exchange conversion rate for settlement on the business day prior to 
the relevant due date for payment which the Principal Paying Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner 
uses to convert Russian Roubles or Tenge, as applicable, into U.S. Dollars at the request of its other customers.  
No assurance can be given that the amount of U.S. Dollars received by an investor who elects to receive a 
payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes in U.S. Dollars will be equal to the amount of U.S. Dollars 
that the investor could have realised in the foreign exchange market if the interest or principal payment made on the

--- Page 29 ---
19 
investor’s Notes were instead paid directly to the investor in Russian Roubles or Tenge, as applicable, and the 
investor had converted the Russian Roubles or Tenge, as applicable, into U.S. Dollars. The Principal Paying Agent 
will not be liable to any person for any losses resulting from application by the Principal Paying Agent of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. In addition, even if Noteholders make an irrevocable election to receive a payment on 
the Notes in U.S. Dollars, if the Principal Paying Agent cannot, for any reason, purchase U.S. Dollars with the 
Russian Roubles or Tenge, as applicable, that have been paid by the Issuer in respect of any payment of principal 
or interest, Noteholders will receive Russian Roubles or Tenge, as applicable, in respect of such payment of principal 
or interest. Due to the relative lack of experience of Euroclear and Clearstream with settling, clearing and trading 
Rouble-denominated or Tenge-denominated debt instruments, there can be no assurance that the clearing, settlement 
and trading of the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected in the same manner as the clearing, 
settlement and trading of U.S. Dollar or Euro-denominated instruments. Holders of Russian Rouble Notes or KZT 
Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream who have not elected to receive payments in U.S. Dollars pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will be required to open and maintain a Rouble-denominated bank account 
or Tenge-denominated bank account, as applicable. There are significant practical difficulties associated with 
opening Rouble-denominated bank accounts outside the Russian Federation and Tenge-denominated bank accounts 
outside Kazakhstan, and no assurance can be given that holders will be able either to open or maintain an offshore 
Rouble-denominated bank account or Tenge-denominated bank account, as applicable. Such holders of Notes who 
do not open and maintain a Rouble-denominated bank account or Tenge-denominated bank account, as applicable, 
will be unable to transfer from their accounts at Euroclear and Clearstream the Russian Rouble or the Tenge 
payments made on the Notes or any Russian Rouble or Tenge proceeds realised from the sale of their Notes. 
Furthermore, Noteholders whose interests in the Russian Rouble Notes or the KZT Notes, as applicable, are 
represented by the Rule 144A Global Notes and who hold their Notes through a sub-account in Euroclear or 
Clearstream may not have the option to elect to receive payments on the Notes in Russian Roubles or Tenge, as 
applicable, as Euroclear or Clearstream may not provide such option in practice in such circumstances. 
Risks relating to the KZT Notes: depreciation of the Tenge against the U.S. Dollar  
As principal, interest and other amounts payable on the KZT Notes (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) are payable in U.S. Dollars pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Payments in relation to the Notes where 
Specified Currency is Tenge ("KZT Notes")) or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Currency Exchange 
Option applies with respect to the KZT Notes such that the Noteholders can select to receive principal, interest and 
other amounts in U.S. Dollars pursuant to Condition 8(c) (Currency Exchange Option for the Notes for which the 
Specified Currency is Roubles ("Russian Rouble Notes") or KZT Notes), and while the KZT Notes are denominated 
in Tenge, the risk of a depreciation of the Tenge against the U.S. Dollar is one of the most significant risks that 
prospective purchasers of KZT Notes are assuming. If the Tenge depreciates against the U.S. Dollar, the effective 
yield on the KZT Notes (in U.S. Dollar terms) may decrease below the interest rate on the KZT Notes, and the 
amount payable on an interest payment date, at maturity or upon acceleration may be less than an investor’s original 
investment, resulting in a loss to investors. Depreciation of the Tenge against the U.S. Dollar may also adversely 
affect the market value of the KZT Notes.   
Although the Tenge is a fully convertible currency, generally, there is no market outside Kazakhstan for 
the exchange of amounts denominated in Tenge with amounts denominated in other currencies (such as U.S. 
Dollars) and the market for doing so in Kazakhstan is of a limited size. The ability of prospective purchasers of 
KZT Notes to rely on the forward market for foreign exchange of Tenge to hedge their exposure to a devaluation of 
the Tenge relative to the U.S. Dollar may also be limited.  
Pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Payments in relation to the Notes where Specified Currency is Tenge ("KZT 
Notes")), all amounts due in respect of the KZT Notes, including principal, interest and other amounts (if any), shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent for payment in U.S. Dollars by dividing the relevant Tenge amounts by the 
Average Representative Market Rate on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. The Average Representative Market 
Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent based on the arithmetic mean of the Representative Market Rates

--- Page 30 ---
20 
for the last five business days on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open in Nur-Sultan, 
Kazakhstan immediately before (and including) any Rate Calculation Date, whereas a Rate Calculation Date is 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as the third such business day preceding any Interest Payment 
Date, the Maturity Date or any other date on which principal, interest or any other amount shall become payable 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, all as more fully set out in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. The Representative Market Rate shall be determined based on the Tenge/U.S. Dollar official daily exchange 
rate for the previous such business day as reported by the NBK and published on its website. In the event that such 
rate is not available, the Calculation Agent shall poll reference the KZT Reference Banks on the immediately 
following such business day to determine the applicable Representative Market Rate, all as more fully described in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Absent manifest error, any calculation by the Calculation Agent shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and the Issuer’s payment obligations with respect to the KZT Notes will be fully satisfied 
by paying amounts notified to it by the Calculation Agent.   
Risks Related to the Market for Notes Generally  
Set out below is a brief description of market risks that will be applicable to holders of the Notes, including 
liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk.  
There is no public market for the Notes  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes.  
Investors in the Notes may be subject to exchange rate risks and exchange controls in respect of the Notes they 
hold 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes and the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
The Notes are subject to interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. For example, the market price of Fixed Rate Notes will generally 
decrease as market interest rates rise and accordingly is subject to volatility. Therefore, the price of the Notes at any 
particular time may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part 
of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such 
case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested.

--- Page 31 ---
21 
Investment in Floating Rate Notes involves the risk that the interest rate payable on the Notes declines. Due 
to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time 
they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer 
fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors 
are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest 
income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Credit ratings do not reflect all risks that may affect the value of the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes, as described 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. The ratings do not reflect the potential effect of all risks related to the structure, 
the market, other additional risk factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. In the event of a ratings downgrade in relation to one of the Member States, the Issuer’s 
borrowing costs may increase and this may negatively affect its profitability and long-term competitiveness. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Other than pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
the Issuer has no obligation to inform Noteholders of any revision, downgrade or withdrawal of its current or future 
sovereign credit ratings. A suspension, downgrade or withdrawal at any time of a credit rating assigned to the Issuer 
may adversely affect the market price of the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
22 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Unless otherwise 
indicated, terms used in this overview shall be deemed to have the meanings given to them in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. 
Issuer: 
Eurasian Development Bank. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Size: 
Up to U.S.$3,500,000,000 (or the equivalent amount in other 
currencies at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger and Permanent Dealer: 
VTB Capital plc. 
Dealers: 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to the 
"Permanent Dealers" are to VTB Capital plc and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as Dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited. 
Principal Paying Agent, Calculation Agent 
and Transfer Agent:  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or 
more issue dates and the same terms and conditions or terms and 
conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest and/or issue price) are 
identical in all respects (including as to listing) and are expressed 
to be consolidated and form a single Series, the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes 
of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where 
necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, the date for the first payment 
of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical 
to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 33 ---
23 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
Each Series of Notes will be issued in registered form only. The 
Regulation S Notes and the Rule 144A Notes will be represented 
by the Regulation S Global Note and the Rule 144A Global Note, 
respectively. The Global Notes will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
relevant Global Note. 
Clearing Systems: 
Unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms or 
the Pricing Supplement, DTC or Clearstream and Euroclear, as 
the case may be (in the case of Rule 144A Notes) and Clearstream 
and Euroclear (in the case of Regulation S Notes), and such other 
clearing system(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms or the Pricing 
Supplement, the Rule 144A Global Note will be deposited with a 
custodian for DTC or with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, as applicable, and the Regulation S Global Note 
will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream. Unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement, the Rule 144A Global 
Note will be registered in the name of a nominee of DTC or of a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, 
and the Regulation S Global Note will be registered in the name 
of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream. Global Notes relating to Notes that are not listed on 
the Regulated Market may also be deposited with any other 
clearing system(s) or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed 
in advance by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee 
and the relevant Dealer(s). From time to time, the Issuer may 
agree with the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer(s) that Noteholders holding a particular Series of 
Notes which are denominated in Kazakhstan Tenge shall be 
entitled to hold their interest in the relevant Global Note through 
an account with the JSC Central Securities Depository. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).  
In particular, in relation to the Notes denominated in Tenge, 
conditions described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—
Condition 8(b) (Payments in relation to the Notes where Specified 
Currency is Tenge ("KZT Notes"))" would apply unless otherwise

--- Page 34 ---
24 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms or the Pricing 
Supplement. 
Currency Exchange Option: 
Each Noteholder of a Note issued in Russian Roubles (a "Russian 
Rouble Note") or Tenge in respect of which, pursuant to  
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Condition 8(c) (Currency 
Exchange Option for the Notes for which the Specified Currency 
is Roubles ("Russian Rouble Notes") or KZT Notes)", a Currency 
Exchange Option has been specified has the option to make an 
irrevocable election, pursuant to "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Condition 8(c) (Currency Exchange Option for the Notes 
for which the Specified Currency is Roubles ("Russian Rouble 
Notes"))", to receive a forthcoming payment of principal or 
interest in U.S. Dollars. In respect of any Russian Rouble Notes 
or any KZT Notes, as applicable, for which a Noteholder has 
made such an irrevocable election to receive a payment in U.S. 
Dollars, the Principal Paying Agent will, subject to its having 
received the Exchange Amount (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) pursuant to and subject to "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes—Condition 8(c) (Currency Exchange 
Option for the Notes for which the Specified Currency is Roubles 
("Russian Rouble Notes") or KZT Notes)", purchase the required 
U.S. Dollars, using the Exchange Amount received in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, at a purchase price 
calculated on the basis of the Applicable Exchange Rate (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and make 
payments of interest and principal in U.S. Dollars. The Principal 
Paying Agent will not be liable to any person for any losses 
resulting from application by the Principal Paying Agent of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. See "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Condition 8(c) (Currency Exchange Option for the Notes 
for which the Specified Currency is Roubles ("Russian Rouble 
Notes") or KZT Notes)". 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may have any maturity between one month and 
30 years. Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) that have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 
19 of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA"), must be issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a minimum redemption amount 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (the "Specified Denomination"), 
provided that (i) the Specified Denomination(s) shall not be less

--- Page 35 ---
25 
than EUR100,000 or its equivalent in another currency, (ii) with 
respect to (a) Notes which are not admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area and/or the 
United Kingdom or offered to the public in an EEA Member State 
(as defined herein) and/or the United Kingdom in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), respectively, and 
(b) Notes with a maturity of less than 365 days, a lower Specified 
Denomination may apply as more fully set out in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, and (iii) interests in the Rule 144A Notes 
shall be held in amounts of not less than U.S.$200,000 or its 
equivalent in other currencies. 
Fixed Rate Notes:  
Interest at a fixed rate will be payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: (i) on the same basis as the floating rate 
under a notional interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement incorporating 
either the 2000 ISDA Definitions or the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), each as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, or (ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service or on such other basis as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each series of 
Floating Rate Notes. Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of 
each Interest Period will be payable on the first business day of 
the next Interest Period and on redemption or repayment, and will 
be calculated using the Day Count Fraction (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement then the Independent 
Adviser may be permitted to substitute such benchmark and/or

--- Page 36 ---
26 
screen rate (as applicable) with a successor, replacement or 
alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and, potentially, 
the application of an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive 
or negative)). 
Exempt Notes:  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be 
included in the applicable Pricing Supplement, which will 
replace, modify or supplement those Terms and Conditions. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period.  
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable. 
Optional Redemption: 
Any issue of Notes may be redeemed at the option of the holders 
on the occurrence of a change of control put event, as described 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Condition 7(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholders’ Options)", or at the option of the Issuer, either in 
whole or in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount as 
described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s 
Options)", in whole but not in part, at their Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount as described in "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes—Condition 7(f) (Make-Whole Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer)" and, either in whole or in part, at their 
principal amount as described in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Condition 7(g) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Residual Maturity Par Call))", in each case if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement for an issue of Notes. In addition, 
any issue of Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in 
whole but not in part, at their principal amount as described in 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Notes—Condition 
7(h) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call))". 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, general, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the terms of the Negative Pledge) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, all as described in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes—Condition 3 (Status of the Notes)".

--- Page 37 ---
27 
Negative Pledge:  
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge)". 
Cross Acceleration:  
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Condition 11 (Events 
of Default)". 
Issue Ratings:  
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated, 
and where an issue of Notes under the Programme is rated, its 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to 
the Programme. Ratings assigned to the Notes do not mean that 
they are a suitable investment. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
organisation. Similar ratings on different types of securities do not 
necessarily mean the same thing. The ratings do not address the 
likelihood that the principal on the Notes will be prepaid, paid on 
an expected final payment date or paid on any particular date 
before the legal final maturity date of the Notes. The ratings do 
not address the marketability of the Notes or any market price. 
Any change in the credit ratings of the Notes could adversely 
affect the price that a subsequent purchaser will be willing to pay 
for the Notes. The significance of each rating should be analysed 
independently from any other rating. 
Organisation Ratings:  
The Issuer has been assigned long-term foreign currency ratings 
of "BBB" (outlook - negative) by Standard & Poor’s, "Baa1" 
(outlook - stable) by Moody’s and "BBB+" (outlook - stable) by 
Fitch. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Community and 
registered under the CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency operating in the European Community 
before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for 
registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration is not refused or the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation. 
 
Neither of Moody’s or Fitch is established in the European Union. 
The rating issued by Moody’s has been endorsed by Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and the rating issued by Fitch has been 
endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, in each case in

--- Page 38 ---
28 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Each of Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such each of Moody's Deutschland GmbH and 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation. 
Early Redemption:  
Except as provided in "—Optional Redemption" above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only 
for tax reasons. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—
Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and Options)". 
Withholding Tax:  
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of any withholding taxes 
imposed by the Russian Federation, the Republic of Kazakhstan, 
the Republic of Belarus, the Republic of Tajikistan, the Republic 
of Armenia or the Kyrgyz Republic (together, the "Member 
States"), subject as provided in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes—Condition 9 (Taxation)". In the event that any such 
deduction is required by law, the Issuer will, save in certain 
circumstances provided by Condition 9, be required to pay 
additional amount to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Governing Law:  
The Notes and the Trust Deed, including any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
Listing: 
Applications have been made to list Notes issued under the 
Programme on the Official List and to be traded on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin. Exempt Notes may also be listed on 
such further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or may be issued on an unlisted 
basis. 
 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes 
(other than Exempt Notes) will state when the relevant Notes are 
to be listed and admitted to trading. 
 
The applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
relating to each Tranche of Exempt Notes will state whether or 
not the relevant Notes are to be admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets (provided that such 
exchange or market is not a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II). 
Selling Restrictions:  
The offering and sale of Notes is subject to all applicable selling 
restrictions, including, without limitation, those of the United 
States, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, the

--- Page 39 ---
29 
Russian Federation, the Republic of Kazakhstan, Japan and 
Singapore. See "Subscription and Sale". 
Further Issues:  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the 
Noteholders create and issue further securities either having in all 
respects the same terms and conditions as a Series of Notes that 
was previously issued (or in all respects except for the issue date, 
the issue price and the date for the first payment of interest on 
them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the outstanding securities of any Series 
(including such Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may 
determine at the time of their issue. 
 
See "Taxation—United States Federal Income Taxation—
Additional Notes".

--- Page 40 ---
30 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
Third Party Information  
Statistical data and other market information appearing in this Base Prospectus relating to the economies 
of the Republic of Kazakhstan and the Russian Federation have, unless otherwise stated, been extracted from 
documents and other publications released by the National Statistics Bureau of the Republic of Kazakhstan (the 
"NSB"), the Federal Service for State Statistics of the Russian Federation ("Rosstat"), the National Bank of Kazakhstan 
(the "NBK"), the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (the "CBR"), the World Bank and other public sources, 
including reports of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe, the International Monetary Fund (the 
"IMF") and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (the "EBRD"). See "Management's 
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition". The information described in this 
paragraph has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no fact has been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. Where third party information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has 
been identified.  
In the case of the presented statistical information, similar statistics may be obtainable from other sources, 
although the underlying assumptions and methodology, and consequently the resulting data, may vary from source to 
source. Any discussion of matters relating to the Republic of Kazakhstan or the Russian Federation in this Base 
Prospectus may be subject to uncertainty due to concerns about the completeness or reliability of available official and 
public information.  
Presentation of Financial Information  
The financial information of the Issuer set forth herein has, unless otherwise indicated, been extracted without 
material adjustment from its audited annual financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018 prepared in accordance with IFRS (the "Financial Statements"). In this Base Prospectus, unless 
otherwise specified, references to "U.S.$" and "U.S. Dollar" are to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America; references to "Sterling" and "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; references to "EUR" 
and "Euro" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union 
and as further amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam; references to "RUB" or "Roubles" are to Russian Roubles, 
the lawful currency of the Russian Federation; and references to "KZT" or "Tenge" are to Kazakh Tenge, the lawful 
currency of the Republic of Kazakhstan.  
Alternative Performance Measures 
To supplement the Issuer's Financial Statements presented in accordance with IFRS, the Issuer uses certain 
ratios and measures included in this Base Prospectus that might be considered to be "alternative performance 
measures" (each an "APM") as described in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (the "ESMA 
Guidelines") published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 October 2015. The ESMA Guidelines 
provide that an APM is understood as "a financial measure of historical or future financial performance, financial 
position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the applicable financial reporting 
framework." The ESMA Guidelines also note that they do not apply to APMs "disclosed in accordance with applicable 
legislation, other than the applicable financial reporting framework, that sets out specific requirements governing the 
determination of such measures." 
These include average balance sheet data, average interest rate data, return on average assets, return on 
average equity, adjusted cost-to-income ratio, net interest margin, non-performing loans (NPLs), NPL ratio and 
provisioning level.

--- Page 41 ---
31 
The APM measures disclosed in this Base Prospectus are unaudited supplementary measures of the Issuer's 
performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. Although the APM 
measures disclosed in this Base Prospectus are not measures of operating income, operating performance or liquidity 
derived in accordance with IFRS, the Issuer has presented these measures in this Base Prospectus because the Issuer's 
management believes that this information, when considered in conjunction with measures reported under IFRS, is 
useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring the organic operating performance in the periods presented 
and enhances investors' overall understanding of the Issuer's financial performance. In addition, these measures are 
used in internal management of the Issuer, along with financial measures reported under IFRS, in measuring the 
Issuer's performance and comparing it to the performance of its competitors. In addition, the Issuer understands that 
similarly titled measures may be used by some investors and analysts.  
The APM measures disclosed in this Base Prospectus should not, however, be considered as an alternative 
to, in isolation from or as substitutes for financial information reported under IFRS. The APM measures disclosed in 
this Base Prospectus are not measures specifically defined by IFRS and the Issuer's use of these measures may vary 
from other credit institutions due to differences in accounting policies or differences in the calculation methodology 
of similar measures by other credit institutions. 
For the Issuer, measures that may be considered to be APM measures in this Base Prospectus (and that are 
not defined or specified by IFRS or any other legislation applicable to the Issuer) include, without limitation, the 
following (such terms being used in this Base Prospectus as defined below): 
APM measures 
Definition, method of calculation and reconciliation to financial statement line item 
Return on average 
assets 
Calculated as net profit for the period divided by average period total assets (based on 
average daily balances for the period). 
Return on average 
equity 
Calculated as net profit for the period divided by average equity (based on average daily 
balances for the period). 
Net interest margin 
Calculated as net interest income before provision for expected credit losses on interest 
bearing assets as a percentage of average interest bearing assets.  
Operating expenses as 
a percentage of net 
interest income before 
provision for expected 
credit losses on 
interest bearing assets 
Calculated as operating expenses divided by net interest income before provision for 
expected credit losses on interest bearing assets.  
Operating expenses as 
a percentage of 
average total assets 
Calculated as operating expenses divided by average period total assets. Average period 
total assets are based on average daily balances for the period. 
Loans to customers as 
a percentage of total 
assets 
Calculated as loans to customers divided by total assets. 
Total equity as a 
percentage of total 
assets 
Calculated as total equity divided by total assets.

--- Page 42 ---
32 
Financial leverage 
ratio 
Calculated as nominal value of the Issuer's borrowings divided by total equity. Nominal 
value of the Issuer's borrowings is calculated as sum of nominal value of debt securities 
issued and nominal value of long-term loans from banks. 
Provisioning level 
Calculated as the sum of expected credit losses provisions on loans to customers and loans 
and advances to financial institutions as at the end of the year divided by the sum of gross 
loans to customers and loans and advances to financial institutions. 
NPL ratio 
Calculated as gross loans to customers and gross loans and advances to financial 
institutions which are overdue more than 90 days divided by the sum of gross loans to 
customers and gross loans and advances to financial institutions. 
 
Foreign Currency Translation and Rates of Exchange  
The Financial Statements are presented in U.S. Dollars, the Issuer's functional currency. In preparing the 
Financial Statements, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than U.S. Dollars (foreign 
currencies) are translated at the appropriate spot rates of exchange rates prevailing at the reporting date. Transactions 
in currencies other than U.S. Dollars are accounted for at the exchange rates prevailing at the date of the transaction. 
Profits and losses arising from these translations are included in net (loss)/gain on foreign exchange operations.  
The exchange rates used by the Issuer in the preparation of the Financial Statements as at the end of the 
respective periods were as follows:  
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
U.S. Dollar/1 Tenge 
 
0.0024 
0.0026 
0.0026 
U.S. Dollar/1 Rouble 
 
0.0135 
0.0161 
0.0144 
U.S. Dollar/1 Sterling 
 
1.3651 
1.3263 
1.2746 
U.S. Dollar/1 Euro 
 
1.2225 
1.1229 
1.1452 
Rounding 
Certain amounts which appear in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be the sum of the figures which precede them. 
Certain Defined Terms 
A glossary defining certain terms used in this Base Prospectus, which are not defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, is contained in the Appendix to this Base Prospectus.  
Supplemental Base Prospectus  
The Issuer will, in connection with the listing of the Notes on the Official List and admission to trading 
on the Regulated Market, in the event of any material change in the condition of the Issuer which is not reflected in this 
Base Prospectus or if there arises or is noted a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market.

--- Page 43 ---
33 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that a Series of Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, if appropriate, a supplemental Base Prospectus that will describe 
the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Series of Notes will be published.  
Additional Information  
The Issuer is not required to file periodic reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). For so long as the Issuer is not a reporting company under Section 
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, or is exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer will, upon 
request, furnish to each holder or beneficial owner of Rule 144A Notes that are "restricted securities" (within the 
meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act) and to each prospective purchaser thereof designated by such 
holder or beneficial owner upon request of such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, in connection with 
a transfer or proposed transfer of any such Rule 144A Notes under the Securities Act, the information required to 
be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.  
Legal Personality; Enforceability of Judgments  
The Issuer is an international organisation established by the Establishing Agreement. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer has six Member States: the Russian Federation, the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Republic 
of Belarus, the Republic of Tajikistan, the Republic of Armenia and the Kyrgyz Republic. The Issuer's presence and 
legal status in the Republic of Kazakhstan are governed by the agreement between the government of the Republic 
of Kazakhstan and the Issuer on the terms of the Issuer's stay in the Republic of Kazakhstan dated 17 June 2006 
and ratified on 11 January 2007 (the "Kazakhstan Terms of Stay Agreement"). On 7 October 2008, the Issuer 
entered into a similar agreement with the government of the Russian Federation, the Russian Terms of Stay Agreement, 
which agreement was ratified by the Russian Federation on 27 December 2009. On 4 January 2010, the Republic of 
Tajikistan ratified the agreement between the government of the Republic of Tajikistan and the Issuer on the terms of 
the Issuer's stay in the Republic of Tajikistan dated 21 October 2009 (the "Tajikistan Terms of Stay 
Agreement"). The Issuer entered into a terms of stay agreement with the government of the Republic of Armenia on 
27 April 2010 (the "Armenia Terms of Stay Agreement"), which agreement was ratified by the Republic of Armenia 
on 25 October 2010. The Issuer entered into a terms of stay agreement with the government of the Republic of Belarus 
on 17 June 2010 (the "Belarus Terms of Stay Agreement"), which agreement was ratified by the Republic of Belarus 
on 3 June 2011. The Issuer entered into a terms of stay agreement with the government of the Kyrgyz Republic on 14 
September 2011, the Kyrgyz Terms of Stay Agreement, which was ratified by the Kyrgyz Republic on 18 October 
2011.  
As an international organisation, the Issuer is not incorporated under the laws of any state and it is a creature 
of, and subject to, public international law. In a situation where the United Kingdom is not a party to the agreement 
establishing an international organisation and no Order in Council has been made under the International Organisations 
Act 1968 of the United Kingdom in relation to the relevant organisation (as is currently the case for the Issuer), the 
English courts have held that an international organisation will be recognised as an entity with separate legal 
personality that can sue and be sued before the English courts where the organisation concerned has been 
incorporated in, or has separate legal personality otherwise conferred upon it by the laws of, at least one state which 
is recognised by the United Kingdom. In addition, each of the Establishing Agreement, the Kazakhstan Terms of Stay 
Agreement, the Russian Terms of Stay Agreement, the Tajikistan Terms of Stay Agreement, the Armenia Terms of Stay 
Agreement, the Belarus Terms of Stay Agreement and the Kyrgyz Terms of Stay Agreement provide that the Issuer is 
an international institution with international legal capacity including the right to enter into international agreements 
within its competence and that the Issuer is recognised as a separate legal entity in its Member States, all of which are, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, sovereign states recognised by the United Kingdom.  
The Notes and the Trust Deed are governed by the laws of England, and the Issuer has agreed in the Trust Deed 
that disputes arising thereunder or in respect of the Notes are subject to arbitration in London, England. The courts of a

--- Page 44 ---
34 
Member State will not enforce any judgment obtained in a court established in a country other than that Member State 
unless there is in effect a treaty between such country and such Member State providing for reciprocal enforcement of 
judgments and then only in accordance with the terms of such treaty. There is no such treaty in effect between any of the 
Member States and the United Kingdom or the United States. Accordingly, should a holder of the Notes be successful in 
obtaining a judgment against the Issuer in any jurisdiction other than a Member State, no assurance can be given that such 
judgment will be enforced against the Issuer in such Member State. However, each of the Member States, the United States 
and the United Kingdom is a party to the Convention and, accordingly, an award by an arbitration tribunal should be 
recognised and enforceable in a Member State provided the conditions to enforcement set out in the Convention are met 
and such Member State's procedures and laws relating to enforcement of arbitral awards are satisfied. In the circumstances 
described in the following paragraph, however, the enforcement in the Russian Federation and the Kyrgyz Republic of an 
arbitral award obtained under the Convention cannot be assured. Provided any new Member State which accedes to the 
Establishing Agreement in the future is a party to the Convention, an award by an arbitration tribunal should be recognised 
and enforced in the new Member State provided the conditions to enforcement set out in the Convention are met and such 
new Member State's procedures and laws relating to enforcement of arbitral awards are satisfied. If a Member State ceases 
to be a party to the Convention, an arbitration award may not be enforceable in that new Member State.  
The Establishing Agreement and the charter of the Issuer, as appended to the Establishing Agreement (the 
"Charter"), permit the Issuer to waive any immunity provided therein. In accordance with the Waiver of Immunity 
Decisions, the Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes waived such immunities to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law. See "The Issuer—Legal Status, Privileges and Immunities". However, the 
Russian Terms of Stay Agreement and the Kyrgyz Terms of Stay Agreement each contain a provision that may limit 
the enforcement of claims in the Russian Federation and the Kyrgyz Republic, respectively, by limiting the Issuer’s 
ability to waive immunities as to enforcement procedures. There is no comparable limitation in the Establishing 
Agreement, the Charter, the Kazakhstan Terms of Stay Agreement, the Belarus Terms of Stay Agreement, the 
Tajikistan Terms of Stay Agreement or the Armenia Terms of Stay Agreement. The Russian Federation is a party to 
the Establishing Agreement (the Charter being an integral part thereof), which should be superior under both 
international and Russian law to the terms of the Russian Terms of Stay Agreement. Given that the Establishing 
Agreement and the Charter should be superior under both international and Russian law to the Russian Terms of Stay 
Agreement, the Issuer believes that it has the right to waive immunities as set forth in the Trust Deed and the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. However, due to the conflicting provisions, there is a risk that, based on the Russian Terms of 
Stay Agreement provision as to the waiver of immunities, a Russian court may not recognise the effectiveness of the 
Issuer's waiver of immunities as to enforcement procedures in Russia. In these circumstances, no assurance can be given 
that an arbitral award obtained under the Convention would be enforced in Russia. In assessing the merits of a purchase of 
Notes investors should bear in mind that there is a risk that, based on the Russian Terms of Stay Agreement, the Issuer's 
assets in the Russian Federation may be treated by a Russian court as immune from enforcement actions and should 
carefully consider the consequences of this risk in making their investment decision. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's 
lending projects in the Kyrgyz Republic represent approximately 1.5% of the Issuer's current investment portfolio and it 
does not anticipate that a substantial part of its assets will be located in the Kyrgyz Republic in the future. However, similar 
to the situation in the Russian Federation described above, there is a risk that a Kyrgyz court may not recognise the 
effectiveness of the Issuer's waiver of immunities as to enforcement procedures in the Kyrgyz Republic, and no assurance 
can be given that an arbitral award obtained under the Convention would be enforced in the Kyrgyz Republic.  
Most of the members of the Council and Management Board are residents of a Member State. A substantial 
portion of the assets of the Issuer and most of such persons are located in the Russian Federation or the Republic of 
Kazakhstan. As a result, it may not be possible to effect service of process upon the Issuer or any such person outside 
the Russian Federation or the Republic of Kazakhstan, to enforce against any of them, in courts of jurisdictions other 
than the Russian Federation or the Republic of Kazakhstan, judgments obtained in such courts that are predicated 
upon the laws of such other jurisdictions or to enforce against any of them, in the courts of the Russian Federation 
or the Republic of Kazakhstan, judgments obtained in jurisdictions other than the Russian Federation or the 
Republic of Kazakhstan, including judgments obtained on the Trust Deed in the courts of England.

--- Page 45 ---
35 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors  
Investors in emerging markets, such as the Republic of Kazakhstan or the Russian Federation, being the 
respective jurisdictions of the Issuer's founding Member States in which a significant part of its business is undertaken 
and its customers and assets are located, should be aware that these markets are subject to greater risk than more 
developed markets, including in some cases significant legal, economic and political risks. Investors should be aware 
that these risks may be applicable to the Issuer notwithstanding that its status as an international organisation affords it 
certain privileges, immunities and political protection. Accordingly, investors should exercise particular care in 
evaluating the risks involved and must decide for themselves whether, in light of those risks, their investment in the 
Notes is appropriate. Generally, investment in emerging markets is only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully 
appreciate the significance of the risks involved. Investors are urged to consult with their own legal and financial 
advisers before making an investment in the Notes. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. Each potential investor should:  
 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement;  
 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its own particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the effect such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;  
 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
the Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or 
interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor's financial activities are principally 
denominated;  
 
thoroughly understand the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and  
 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
Some Notes to be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus may be complex financial instruments and such 
instruments may be purchased by investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield by an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to an investor's overall portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effect on the value of such Notes and 
the effect this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 46 ---
36 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes 
and for providing financing for its projects.

--- Page 47 ---
37 
CAPITALISATION OF THE ISSUER 
The following table presents the capitalisation (total equity and total liabilities) of the Issuer as at the date 
indicated and should be read in conjunction with "Selected Financial and Other Information", "Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" and the Financial Statements and the related 
notes thereto. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
 
1,560,112 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 
5,001 
Deposits from customers 
 
391,598 
Debt securities issued 
 
1,719,552 
Other liabilities 
 
41,274 
Total liabilities 
 
 3,717,537 
Equity 
 
Share capital(1) 
 
 
Authorised share capital 
 
7,000,000 
Less: callable share capital 
 
(5,484,300) 
Paid-in share capital 
 
1,515,700 
Reserve fund(2) 
 
146,220 
Technical assistance fund reserve(3) 
 
23,685 
Digital initiative fund reserve(4) 
 
10,000 
Revaluation reserve for financial assets through other comprehensive income 
 
30,650 
Retained earnings 
 
155,883 
Total equity 
 
1,882,138  
Total capitalisation 
 
5,599,675  
 
(1) As at the date of this Base Prospectus the authorised share capital of the Issuer consists of 7,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 
US$1,000 each. 
(2) The Issuer established the reserve fund for the accumulation of a portion of its retained earnings. According to the resolution of the Council, 
the Issuer is prohibited from making distributions to the owners until the value of the reserve fund reaches 15% of the total share capital. In 
2018 and 2020, the Issuer made transfers to the reserve fund in the amount of US$20,860 thousand and US$34,488 thousand, respectively. 
(3) The technical assistance fund reserve (the "TAF") is earmarked for the Issuer's expenses on (a) pre-investment research; (b) programs of 
regional integration; (c) other research that supports economic growth and development; and (d) expansion of trade between the Member 
States. 
(4) The digital initiative fund reserve (the "DIF") is earmarked for funding projects in digital transformation across the Member States. Currently, 
the DIF is searching for projects and initiatives scalable on the Eurasian market. The DIF was established on 30 June 2020. 
 
On 8 February 2021, the Issuer redeemed a bilateral loan in the amount of U.S.$60.2 million. 
On 17 February 2021, the Issuer drew EUR10.8 million under existing credit facility. 
On 18 February 2021, the Issuer drew RUB1.0 billion under existing credit facility. 
Since 31 December 2020, there have been no material changes to the capitalisation of the Issuer except as set 
out above.

--- Page 48 ---
38 
SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 
The following selected historical financial information as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 and for the 
years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 has been derived from the Financial Statements included in this Base 
Prospectus and is presented in U.S. Dollars.  
Prospective investors should read the following selected financial and other information in conjunction with 
the information contained in "Risk Factors", "Capitalisation of the Issuer", "Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Results of Operations and Financial Condition", "The Issuer", the Financial Statements and the related notes thereto 
appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income Data 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Interest income 
 
268,569 
265,028 
211,038 
Interest expense 
 
(198,195) 
(168,697) 
(114,879) 
Net interest income before provision for expected credit losses 
on interest bearing assets 
 
70,374 
96,331 
96,159 
Provision for expected credit losses on interest bearing assets 
(15,909) 
(6,194) 
(6,824) 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
54,465 
90,137 
89,335 
Losses from investments in associates 
 
(2,908) 
- 
- 
Recovery of/(provision for) expected credit losses on 
contingent liabilities and other assets 
 
156 
(602) 
(79) 
Net gain/(loss) from modification and recognition of new 
financial instruments 
 
193 
(3,436) 
(479) 
Net gain/(loss) on financial assets and liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
1,948 
(35,814)  
28,099 
Net realised gain/(loss) on financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
 
4,619 
546 
(1,916) 
Net gain/(loss) on transactions in foreign currencies 
 
8,301 
53,074 
(20,622) 
Fee and commission income 
 
11,359 
8,725 
4,350 
Fee and commission expenses 
 
(1,043) 
(455) 
(584) 
Net (loss)/gain on trading with debt securities issued 
 
(295) 
24 
(8) 
Net other income 
 
129 
46 
531 
Net non-interest income 
 
22,459 
22,108 
9,292 
Net result from financial operations 
 
76,924 
112,245 
98,627 
Operating expenses 
 
(44,335) 
(43,023) 
(32,026) 
Technical Assistance Fund expenses, net 
 
(7) 
(245) 
(156) 
NET PROFIT 
 
32,582 
68,977 
66,445

--- Page 49 ---
39 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME: 
 
 
 
Net unrealised gain/(loss) on revaluation of financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
10,021 
42,858 
(24,245) 
Net realised (gain)/loss on financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income transferred to profit or loss  
(4,619) 
(546) 
1,916 
Net unrealized (loss)/gain on revaluation of hedge instruments  
(292) 
727 
(435) 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) 
 
5,110 
43,039 
(22,764) 
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
37,692 
112,016 
43,681 
 
Financial Position Data 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
ASSETS 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
663,840 
765,144 
641,170 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
51,561 
10,017 
17,169 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
 
185,475 
266,298 
245,510 
Loans to customers 
 
2,098,698 
1,960,004 
1,650,290 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
 
2,261,050 
2,106,299 
1,139,341 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
 
294,497 
- 
- 
Investments in associates 
 
17,260 
20,131 
- 
Hedging instruments 
 
- 
- 
86 
Property and equipment 
 
10,492 
11,046 
11,156 
Intangible assets 
 
762 
1,011 
1,148 
Other assets 
 
16,040 
20,814 
4,596 
TOTAL ASSETS 
 
5,599,675 
5,160,764 
3,710,466 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
 
1,560,112 
740,475 
242,931 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 
5,001 
26,955 
3,329 
Deposits from customers 
 
391,598 
297,344 
177,145 
Hedging instruments 
 
- 
1,616 
521 
Debt securities issued 
 
1,719,552 
2,209,328 
1,525,786 
Other liabilities 
 
41,274 
35,050 
22,774 
Total liabilities 
 
3,717,537 
3,310,768 
1,972,486 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EQUITY: 
 
 
 
Share capital 
 
 
 
Authorised share capital 
 
7,000,000 
7,000,000 
7,000,000 
Less: callable share capital 
 
(5,484,300) 
(5,484,300) 
(5,484,300)

--- Page 50 ---
40 
Paid-in share capital 
 
1,515,700 
1,515,700 
1,515,700 
Reserve fund 
 
146,220 
111,732 
111,732 
Technical assistance fund reserve 
 
23,685 
19,133 
- 
Digital initiative fund reserve 
 
10,000 
- 
- 
Revaluation reserve/(deficit) for financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 
30,650 
25,248 
(17,064) 
Revaluation reserve/(deficit) of hedging instruments 
 
- 
292 
(435) 
Retained earnings 
 
155,883 
177,891 
128,047 
Total equity 
 
1,882,138 
1,849,996 
1,737,980 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
5,599,675 
5,160,764 
3,710,466 
 
Selected Financial Ratios and Other Data 
The following table sets forth key financial ratios used by the Issuer’s management in assessing the Issuer’s 
performance and other relevant information. 
 
As at and for the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(% unless otherwise indicated) 
Key Ratios 
 
 
 
Return on average assets(1)(2) 
 
0.63% 
1.61% 
1.93% 
Return on average equity(1)(3) 
 
1.76% 
3.91% 
3.96% 
Profitability Ratios: 
 
 
 
Net interest margin(4)  
 
1.33% 
2.22% 
2.75% 
Operating expenses as a percentage of net interest income before 
provision for expected credit losses on interest bearing assets 
 
63.00% 
44.66% 
33.31% 
Operating expenses as a percentage of average total assets 
 
0.85% 
1.00% 
0.93% 
Statement of Financial Position/Ratios: 
 
 
 
Loans to customers as a percentage of total assets 
 
37.48% 
37.98% 
44.48% 
Total equity as a percentage of total assets 
 
33.61% 
35.85% 
46.84% 
Internal Regulations(5): 
 
 
 
Capital adequacy ratio(6)  
 
42.77% 
43.29% 
49.83% 
Tier I capital adequacy ratio(7) 
 
40.54% 
40.60% 
48.47% 
Single borrower (or a group of related borrowers) limit(8)  
 
23.04% 
22.11% 
20.59% 
Open foreign currency position limit:(9) 
 
 
 
 
-per currency 
 
1.16% 
0.78% 
0.25% 
-consolidated 
 
1.34% 
0.94% 
0.56% 
Ratios set by the Council of the Issuer(10): 
 
 
 
Minimum level of liquid assets in the treasury portfolio(11) 
 
 
 
 
- required (U.S.$ thousand) 
 
729,024 
893,910 
852,321 
- fact (U.S.$ thousand) 
 
1,292,552 
1,729,498 
1,265,592 
Financial leverage ratio(12)  
 
123.25% 
141.40% 
92.98% 
Loan portfolio: 
 
 
 
Loans to customers (gross, U.S.$ thousand)  
 
2,171,589 
2,022,762 
1,716,492 
Loans to financial institutions (gross, U.S.$ thousand)  
 
187,866 
233,739 
225,180 
Total loan portfolio(13)(gross, U.S.$ thousand) 
 
2,359,455 
2,256,501 
1,941,672

--- Page 51 ---
41 
 
As at and for the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Impaired loans(14) (gross, U.S.$ thousand) 
 
118,897 
238,014 
351,898 
Impaired loans ratio(15) 
 
5.5% 
11.8% 
20.5% 
NPL loans(16) (gross, U.S.$ thousand)  
 
24,864 
29,093 
23,169 
NPL ratio(17) 
 
1.1% 
1.4% 
1.3% 
Expected credit losses on loans to customers(17) (U.S.$ thousand)  
 
72,891 
62,758 
66,202 
Expected credit losses on loans and advances to financial institutions 
(U.S.$ thousand)(17) 
 
2,391 
2,126 
2,670 
Expected credit losses on loan portfolio(18) (19) (U.S.$ thousand)  
 
75,282 
64,884 
68,872 
Provisioning level(20) 
 
3.2% 
2.8% 
3.5% 
Other data: 
 
 
 
Period-end U.S. Dollar to Tenge exchange rate (in KZT per U.S.$1.0)(21) 
420.71 
381.18 
384.2 
Period-end U.S. Dollar to Rouble exchange rate (in RUB per U.S.$1.0)(22) 
73.88 
61.91 
69.47 
 
(1) Averages are based upon the average of daily balances for the period. 
(2) Return on average assets is net profit as a percentage of total average assets. 
(3) Return on average equity is net profit as a percentage of total average equity. 
(4) Net interest margin is net interest income before provision for expected credit losses assets as a percentage of average interest bearing assets. 
(5) As an international organisation, the Issuer is not subject to any bank regulatory authority. However, on 20 May 2008, the Issuer adopted 
internal regulations, as amended (the "Internal Regulations"), which establish minimum requirements for the Issuer's capital and other ratios. 
(6) The ratio represents the proportion of the sum of credit risk, market risk and operational risk to total regulatory (Basel II) capital of the Issuer. 
The ratio's limit is set at 16% by the Internal Regulations. 
(7) The ratio represents the proportion of sum of credit risk, market risk and operational risk to Basel II Tier I capital of the Issuer. The ratio's 
limit is set at 8% by the Internal Regulations. 
(8) The limit is calculated as the proportion of the total amount of the credit obligations of the borrower or a group of related borrowers to the 
total regulatory Basel II capital. The ratio's limit is set at 25% by the Internal Regulations. 
(9) The limit is calculated as proportion of open position to the Issuer’s equity capital and shall not exceed 10% according to the Internal 
Regulations. 
(10) The Council ratios first came into force in 2012. 
(11) The minimum level of liquid assets in the treasury portfolio is calculated as the sum of Issuer's interest expenses, debt repayments and 
estimated net loan disbursements for the period of the next twelve months. 
(12) The ratio is calculated as the nominal value of the Issuer’s borrowings to its total equity under IFRS. The ratio's limit is set at 300% in 
accordance with the Internal Regulations. 
(13) Total loan portfolio is calculated as the sum of gross loans to customers and gross loans and advances to financial institutions. 
(14) Impaired loans are Stage 3 loans under IFRS 9. 
(15) Impaired loans ratio is calculated as gross amount of impaired loans as a percentage of total gross loans as at the end of each year. 
(16) NPL loans are more than 90 days overdue. 
(17) NPL ratio is calculated as gross amount of NPL loans divided by a gross total loan portfolio. 
(18) As at the end of the year. 
(19) Expected credit losses on loan portfolio is calculated as the sum of expected credit losses on loans to customers and on loans and advances to 
financial institutions. 
(20) Provisioning level is calculated as expected credit losses on the Issuer's loan portfolio as a percentage of the Issuer's gross loan portfolio. 
(21) Source: NBK. 
(22) Source: CBR.

--- Page 52 ---
42 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND  
FINANCIAL CONDITION 
The following discussion and analysis is intended to assist in the understanding and assessment of the trends 
and significant changes in the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition. Historical results may not 
indicate future performance. This discussion is based on the Financial Statements and should be read in conjunction 
with the Financial Statements, the notes thereto, and other information appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The discussion in relation to the Financial Statements, insofar as it refers to average amounts, has been based upon 
daily balances unless otherwise stated. This discussion includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and 
uncertainties. The Issuer’s actual results could differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking 
statements. Factors that may cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those described under "Risk 
Factors" and "Forward Looking Statements". 
Introduction 
The Issuer, an international development bank established by the Russian Federation and the Republic of 
Kazakhstan on 12 January 2006 under the Establishing Agreement, commenced its operations on 16 June 2006. The 
Issuer was established with the strategic goal of promoting the development of a market economy in the Member 
States, facilitating regional economic development, and promoting cooperation and economic integration among its 
Member States. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has six Member States: the Russian Federation, the Republic 
of Kazakhstan, the Republic of Belarus, the Republic of Tajikistan, the Republic of Armenia and the Kyrgyz Republic. 
Any interested states and international organisations sharing the Issuer’s objectives may apply to become a member 
of the Issuer. The Issuer encourages all states and international organisations to apply for membership. New members 
are accepted pursuant to the Issuer's regulation under the resolution of the Council. All Member States have equal 
status. Although the Issuer's obligations, including those arising in connection with the Notes, are not guaranteed by 
any Member State, the Issuer believes that its constitutive status affords it strong political support from the 
governments of the Member States. Prior to joining the Issuer, senior managers of the Issuer often occupied leading 
positions in the governments and major financial institutions of the Member States. The Council comprises current 
ministers of the Member States and their deputies or other authorised representatives of the Member States. 
One of the Issuer’s primary functions is to provide financing for large infrastructure projects in the Member 
States, which it implements through the provision of loans and debt financing to private and public entities, guarantees, 
trade finance, participation in public-private partnership projects, providing investment consulting, and providing 
other financial instruments. The Issuer seeks to ensure that all of the projects that it funds are financially viable. The 
Issuer does not engage in providing loans which have lower interest rates and/or longer repayment periods than 
standard market loans (concessional lending). 
In order to promote the development of international trade between the Member States, beginning in 2018 
the Issuer established correspondent relations with the central banks of the Member States and started processing 
customer payments and providing clearing services in the currencies of Member States, U.S. Dollars and Euros. This 
new business line has allowed the Issuer to expand its customer base and obtain funding in the form of current accounts 
and customer deposits, which can be used as additional sources of liquidity and funding for the Issuer's current 
operations. As of 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Issuer had total deposits from customers in the amount of US$391.6 
million and US$297.3 million, respectively.  
The Issuer cooperates with various international organisations, including participating as an observer at the 
General Assembly of the United Nations, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development Board, the 
International Investment Bank and the Eurasian Group on Combating Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism 
(EAG), the status of which allows the Issuer to participate in plenary meetings without having the right to vote. The Issuer 
has executed a memorandum with the EEU. The Issuer develops cooperation with regional integration unions (in addition

--- Page 53 ---
43 
to the EEU, the Issuer cooperates with the CIS and Shanghai Cooperation Organisation), UN institutions (such as the 
United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Industrial Development Organisation, the Food and 
Agricultural Organisation, the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe, the Economic and Social Commission 
for Asia and the Pacific and United Nations Environmental Programme) and international development institutions (such 
as the World Bank, the International Financial Corporation, the Asian Development Bank, the Asian Infrastructure 
Investment Bank, the New Development Bank, the Black Sea Trade and Development Bank, the International Investment 
Bank, the Russian-Kyrgyz Development Fund, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the 
European Investment Bank) through the joint financing of projects, information exchange and the implementation of best 
practices of corporate governance. The Issuer is also cooperating with the Global Infrastructure Facility, the Global 
Infrastructure Hub and the Global Infrastructure Connectivity Alliance. The Issuer has also been engaged to administer 
the Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development. See "—Management and Consulting Services—Eurasian Fund for 
Stabilisation and Development". An important input to development investment in the Member States has become the 
linking of the Belt and Road Initiative, which was announced in 2015 and envisages a framework for enhancing 
connectivity and cooperation along major economic corridors and infrastructure networks in Eurasia and the EEU. This, 
in turn, may provide a platform for developing intraregional and interregional investment projects and joint initiatives of 
various scale that the Issuer may be in a position to consider in accordance with an established investment mandate and 
guidelines, also in co-financing initiatives that may include private and public entities, multilateral banks and other 
development partners. Between 2017 and 2020, the Issuer financed a number of infrastructure projects connecting 
Eurasian countries, thereby enhancing their transport networks. See "— Principal Projects" for more detail. In 2020, the 
OECD recognised the Issuer as a multilateral financial institution and assigned it Risk Category 4 and Buyer Risk 
Category SOV/CC0, affirming relatively low credit risk of the Issuer for export credit. Risk categories assigned by OECD 
are used for setting interest rates on export credits. 
The Issuer is a non-political organisation, and its Charter provides that the Issuer should neither intervene in 
political events within the Member States, nor make lending decisions based upon recommendations of the Member 
States. 
The Issuer has full legal personality as an international organisation, is subject to international law and has 
the capacity to contract, acquire and dispose of property and to institute judicial and arbitral proceedings. The Member 
States of the Issuer are not responsible for its liabilities, including those under the Trust Deed and the Notes. The 
Issuer’s formation documents contain provisions that establish the Issuer’s legal status and provide certain immunities 
and privileges in the territories of its Member States. See "Legal Personality; Enforceability of Judgments" and "The 
Issuer—Legal Status, Privileges and Immunities". Pursuant to the Wavier of Immunity Decisions, the Issuer has in 
the Trust Deed and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes waived such immunities to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law. The Issuer has adopted the Immunity Waiver in respect of the Notes. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had total assets of U.S.$5,599.7 million. For the year ended 31 December 
2020, the Issuer had a net profit of U.S.$32.6 million, compared with a net profit of U.S.$69.0 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2019. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had, in aggregate, U.S.$2,284.2 million in net loans 
and advances to financial institutions and loans to customers. 
Significant Factors Affecting the Issuer’s Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
Economic landscape of the Member States 
The Issuer's mission is to promote the development of a market economy, sustainable economic growth and 
the expansion of trade and other economic ties in the Member States through investment. Any interested states and 
international organisations sharing the Issuer’s objectives may apply to become a member of the Issuer. The Issuer’s 
six Member States (Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russian and Tajikistan) together form the hub of the 
region’s economic development and its main market, with a combined population of approximately 187 million. The

--- Page 54 ---
44 
Russian Federation and Kazakhstan are the two largest economies among the Member States and account for most of 
the Issuer’s activities. 
In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic caused significant global social and economic disruption. Countries 
experienced a decline in economic activity and trade, a decrease in real disposable income, and growth in 
unemployment. According to the Issuer's estimates, the aggregate GDP of the Member States declined by 3.0% in 
2020. See "Issuer - Effect of COVID-19 on the Issuer's Portfolio in 2020". 
Russia’s Economy 
Interest income on loans and other instruments issued to finance projects in the Russian Federation accounted 
for 35.3%, 43.5% and 42.8% of the Issuer’s interest income for the year ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, 
respectively. As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, loans and other financial instruments issued to finance projects 
in the Russian Federation represented 36.0%, 38.1% and 50.4% of the Issuer’s total assets, respectively. Accordingly, 
the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition are and will continue to be significantly affected by Russian 
political, regulatory and macroeconomic factors. The Russian economy, being the largest among the Member States, 
has a significant influence on economies of other Member States, including Kazakhstan, Belarus and Armenia (in 
descending order with respect to the influence on the Issuer's results). Any decline in the Russian economy tends to 
negatively affect the economic environment in the other Member States. Conversely, growth in the Russian economy 
tends to serve as a driver for growth in the other Member States’ economies for the same reason. 
In 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the disruptions to the global economy, Russian GDP 
decreased by 3.1% according to Rosstat. In 2019 and 2018, Russian GDP increased by 2.0% and 2.8%, respectively. 
According to the preliminary estimate of the Russian Ministry of Finance ("MinFin"), Russia's federal budget 
had a deficit of 3.9% of GDP in 2020. In 2019 and 2018, Russia had federal budget surplus of 1.8% and 2.6%, 
respectively.  
According to Rosstat, Russian unemployment levels remained relatively low (5.9%, 4.6% and 4.8%) as at 31 
December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. According to the CBR, Russia’s current account surplus amounted to 
2.2%, 3.8% and 7.0% and of GDP in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, underpinned by a large surplus in the trade 
balance due to increases in prices for raw materials in 2018 and 2019, followed by a decline in 2020. In 2020, 2019, 
and 2018, the inflation rate was 4.9%, 3.0% and 4.3%, respectively.  
The Russian economy continues to exhibit a number of major weaknesses. In 2020, the World Bank noted 
that diversification of Russia’s exports has been progressing slowly as the economy remains structurally highly 
dependent on hydrocarbons. Potential growth in Russia has been on a declining trend even prior to the economic 
downturn, caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and Russian banks could face a significant deterioration in asset 
quality, profitability and capitalisation, including from an overheated mortgage market. In addition, new sanctions 
could worsen Russia's outlook. 
Key Macroeconomic Indicators 
The table below shows Russia’s GDP and other key macroeconomic data for the periods indicated:

--- Page 55 ---
45 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Nominal GDP (RUB billions)(1) 
 
106,606.6 
109,193.2 
103,861.7 
Real GDP (percentage change)(1) 
 
(3.1)% 
2.0% 
2.8% 
Nominal GDP per capita (RUB thousand)(2) 
 
727.7 
744.0 
707.4 
Population (millions at the beginning of the year)(1) 
 
146.7 
146.8 
146.9 
Unemployment level(1) 
 
5.9% 
4.6% 
4.8% 
Federal budget (deficit) / surplus (percentage of GDP)(3) 
 
(3.9%) 
1.8% 
2.6% 
Сurrent account surplus (percentage of GDP)(4) 
 
2.2% 
3.8% 
7.0% 
Consumer Prices(1) 
 
104.91 
103.04 
104.26 
Producer Prices(1)  
 
103.56 
95.74 
111.71 
 
(1) 
Source: Rosstat. 
(2) 
Source: own calculations based on information from Rosstat. 
(3) 
Source: own calculations based on information from MinFin and Rosstat. 
(4) 
Source: own calculations based on information from CBR and Rosstat. 
 
When compiling macroeconomic indicators, Rosstat makes adjustments based on estimates of production 
from the non-observed economy (known as the grey market). These are activities that are legal but are not fully 
recorded in economic statistics, either because of understatement by the producers or because of the informal nature 
of production. Currently, illegal economic activity is not accounted for in GDP statistics. 
Employment in Russia 
According to statistics published by Rosstat, as at 31 December 2020, 70.8 million people were employed in 
the Russian Federation (representing 94.1% of the eligible work force), compared to 72.4 million people as at 31 
December 2019 (representing 95.4% of the eligible work force) and 72.6 million people as at 31 December 2018 
(representing 95.2% of the eligible work force). 
Changes in credit ratings of the Russian Federation 
The Issuer’s credit has certain linkage to the ratings of its Member States. In the event of a ratings downgrade, 
the Issuer’s borrowing costs may increase and this may negatively affect its profitability and long-term competitiveness. 
Stabilisation of the Russian economy after the COVID-19 related slowdown and any upgrade of the Russian Federation’s 
sovereign rating would be likely to have a positive impact on the Issuer’s credit ratings from Moody’s and Standard & 
Poor’s, which are currently Baa1("stable") and BBB ("stable"), respectively, as at the date of Base Prospectus.  
Kazakhstan’s Economy 
Interest income on loans and other instruments issued to finance projects in Kazakhstan accounted for 51.1%, 
40.0% and 43.7% of the Issuer’s interest income for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
As at the end of 2020, loans and other instruments issued to finance projects in Kazakhstan represented 26.6% of the 
Issuer’s total assets. Accordingly, the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition are and will continue to be 
significantly affected by political, regulatory and macro-economic factors in Kazakhstan.  
According to the NSB, Kazakhstan's real GDP growth was 4.1% and 4.5% in 2018 and 2019, respectively. 
Kazakhstan's GDP contracted by 2.6% in the January-September 2020 period due to the effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic and the adverse effects of the lockdowns introduced from mid-March to mid-May and again from early July 
to mid-August 2020.

--- Page 56 ---
46 
According to the NSB, Kazakhstan’s economy continues to be highly dependent on global natural resource 
markets. This dependence upon the extractive industries makes Kazakhstan’s economy vulnerable to external shocks and 
global trends. Downside risks stem from volatile international prices for oil and metals, a tightening of global financial 
conditions and the vulnerability of the region of Central Asia to geopolitical shocks, in particular but not only in the 
context of the international sanctions against Russia (a major trading and financial partner to Kazakhstan).  
Key macroeconomic indicators 
The table below shows Kazakhstan’s GDP and other key macroeconomic data for the periods indicated based 
on the information from the NSB: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Nominal GDP (billion Tenge)  
 
70,134 
69,532 
61,819 
Real GDP (percentage change)  
 
(2.6)% 
4.5% 
4.1% 
Nominal GDP per capita (U.S. Dollars)  
 
9,005.8 
9,812.5 
9,812.5  
Population (millions average annual)  
 
18.9 
18.6 
18.4 
Unemployment level  
 
4.9% 
4.8% 
4.9% 
Consumer Prices 
 
7.5 
5.4 
5.3 
Producer Prices 
 
(4.2) 
1.4 
12.4 
The non-observed sector (grey market) constitutes a significant portion of Kazakhstan’s economy and the 
NSB makes adjustments to its GDP data in accordance with practices approved by the IMF in order to adjust for the 
existence of the grey market. According to the NSB, the size of the non-observed economy was 23.7% of Kazakhstan’s 
GDP in 2019.  
Employment in Kazakhstan 
According to the statistical data published by the NSB, as at 31 December 2020, approximately 8.7 million 
people were employed in the Republic of Kazakhstan (representing 95.1% of the eligible workforce), compared to 
approximately 8.8 million people as at 31 December 2019 (representing 95.2% of the eligible workforce) and 
approximately 8.7 million people as at 31 December 2018 (representing 95.1% of the eligible workforce).  
Growth of the Issuer’s Loan Portfolio 
The primary driver of the increase in the Issuer’s interest income is the expansion of its loan portfolio. The 
Issuer’s gross loans to customers increased by 7.4%, 17.8% and 22.7% for the years ended 31 December 2020, 
December 2019 and 2018, respectively.  
The increase in the size of the Issuer’s loan portfolio in 2020, as compared to 2019, and in 2019, as compared 
to 2018, was primarily driven by the financing of several major infrastructure and investment projects and, to a lesser 
extent, by fluctuations in the RUB to U.S. dollar and KZT to U.S. dollar exchange rates. In 2018- 2020, a substantial 
number of borrowers opted for funding in local currencies in order to decrease currency risks. The Issuer intends to 
continue to expand its lending operations in the Member States and countries that become Member States, financing 
projects that are consistent with the Issuer’s objectives and purpose. See "The Issuer—Lending and Investments".  
Interest Rates and Narrowing Net Interest Margin 
Fluctuations in interest rates can affect the Issuer’s results in several respects. Changes in prevailing interest 
rates, both in the Member States and internationally, can affect the market value of such assets and, as a result, the 
Issuer’s profits. Market fluctuations in interest rates reflect, to a certain degree, inflation, expectations regarding

--- Page 57 ---
47 
inflation, shifts in short-term interest rates set by central banks, and movements in long-term real interest rates. For a 
discussion of sensitivity analysis, see "Risk Management". 
As a general matter, because the Issuer has both interest bearing assets and interest bearing liabilities, changes 
in interest rates can lead to higher or lower interest margins, depending on the proportion and terms of the Issuer’s 
interest bearing assets and interest bearing liabilities. Net interest margin was 1.3%, 2.2% and 2.8% for the years ended 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The decrease in net interest margin for the year ended 31 December 
2020, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, was principally due to a decrease in average interest rates on 
the Issuer's portfolio. The Issuer's lending rates are often linked to common benchmark rates, which generally 
decreased during 2020. In addition, in 2020 and 2019, certain loans bearing higher interest rates were repaid before 
their stated maturity date, as borrowers sought to benefit from the low interest rate environment. The decrease in net 
interest margin for the year ended 31 December 2019, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2018, was 
principally due to an increase in interest expense caused by an increase in the Issuer's debt securities denominated in 
KZT and RUB, which bear higher interest rates. 
Trends in international interest rates and interest rates in Member States affect the Issuer as it borrows 
internationally and in Member States. Currently, the Issuer has loans with international banks and debt securities 
outstanding. See "—Liquidity". Borrowers of the Issuer are located in the Member States and usually prefer funding in 
local currencies, in particular in RUB and KZT. Aiming to match the borrower's needs, the Issuer borrows funds in Russia 
and Kazakhstan at substantially higher interest rates compared to Europe and the United States. During 2018-2020, 
interest rates in Russia and Kazakhstan generally decreased. The CBR key rate decreased from 7.75% as of 1 January 
2018 to 4.25% as of 31 December 2020. The NBK refinancing rate decreased from 10.25% as of 1 January 2018 to 9.0% 
as of 31 December 2020. The Issuer primarily finances long-term projects and may be unable to pass on increasing 
borrowing costs on to its borrowers. Increases in interest rates may increase its borrowing costs without a commensurate 
increase in its interest income, thus reducing the Issuer’s profitability. Additionally, although rising interest rates would, 
over time, increase the Issuer’s income from its securities portfolio, rising interest rates may at the same time reduce the 
market value of the Issuer’s fixed income investment portfolio. 
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Fluctuations 
The Issuer’s functional and presentation currency is the U.S. Dollar. However, it has significant amounts of 
RUB, KZT and other foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities (59.2% of total assets and 74.7% of total 
liabilities as at 31 December 2020, 53.6% of total assets and 66.7% of total liabilities as at 31 December 2019, as 
compared to 42.7% and 62.4% as at 31 December 2018, respectively, were denominated in currencies other than the 
U.S. Dollar). The Issuer believes that further enhancement of the clearing and settlement platform in the currencies of 
the Member States will lead to a decrease in balances denominated in currencies other than those of the Member 
States, which could reduce the significance of this issue in the future. See "Issuer --Settlement and Clearing Services" 
The Issuer translates its non-U.S. Dollar-denominated assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid 
on such assets and liabilities, and gains or losses realised upon the sale of such assets, to U.S. Dollars when preparing 
its financial statements. As a result, the Issuer’s reported income is affected by changes in the value of the U.S. Dollar 
with respect to other currencies. The overall effect of exchange rate movements on the Issuer’s results of operations 
depends upon the successful implementation of the Issuer’s hedging strategies as well as upon the rate of depreciation 
or appreciation of the U.S. Dollar against its principal trading and financing currencies. The Issuer generally seeks to 
have no open positions in terms of foreign exchange exposures; however, depending upon market conditions, it may 
choose to carry certain open positions through spot or derivative foreign exchange transactions. In such cases, exposures 
are managed with hedges subject to the limits set by the management of the Issuer and applicable limits set by the 
Internal Regulations; for example, in 2017 the Issuer obtained cheaper funding in RUB and KZT through repurchase 
agreements and currency swaps. However, in 2018-2020, the Issuer resumed issuance of KZT and RUB-denominated 
bonds. According to the Issuer’s policy, the maximum amount of any currency position may not exceed 10.0% of the 
Issuer’s regulatory capital in any currency or 20.0% of the Issuer’s regulatory capital in all currencies.

--- Page 58 ---
48 
The Issuer had a net gain on transactions in foreign currencies of U.S.$8,301 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2020 and U.S.$53,074 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019, as compared to a net loss on 
transactions in foreign currencies of U.S.$20,622 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018. These gains and 
losses mitigated the financial results of the Issuer's swap transactions (operations with financial assets and liabilities 
at fair value through profit or loss): a net gain of U.S.$6,453 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020, a net 
loss of U.S.$35,617 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 and a net gain of U.S.$31,402 thousand for the 
year ended 31 December 2018. Generally, the Issuer enters into derivative financial contracts to hedge potential loss 
from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The result of operations with financial assets and liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss should be considered in conjunction with net gains and losses on transactions in foreign 
currencies. 
Exchange rate movements also affect the U.S. Dollar-equivalent value of the Issuer’s non-U.S. Dollar-
denominated assets and capital, which can affect capital adequacy either positively (for example, if the U.S. Dollar 
appreciates, then assets in other currencies convert into fewer U.S. Dollars in the calculations of capital adequacy 
ratios and thus increase the capital adequacy ratios) or negatively (for example, if the U.S. Dollar depreciates, then 
assets in other currencies revalued into more U.S. Dollars in the calculations of capital adequacy ratios and thus reduce 
the capital adequacy ratios). 
Provision for Expected Credit Losses on Loans to Customers 
The Issuer's project portfolio (or investment portfolio) primarily comprises loans provided to large corporate 
borrowers and securities issued to fund relevant projects. As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Issuer's project 
portfolio comprised 86, 98 and 85 projects, respectively. Default or the deterioration of the financial condition of one 
or several borrowers tends to increase the Issuer's provision for expected credit losses on loans to customers. As at 31 
December 2020, the Issuer created a provision for expected credit losses on loans to customers in the amount of 
U.S.$72,891 thousand, as compared to U.S.$62,758 thousand as at 31 December 2019 and U.S.$66,202 thousand as 
at 31 December 2018.  
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Issuer’s provision for expected credit losses on loans to 
customers represented 3.4%, 3.1% and 3.9%, respectively, of the Issuer’s gross loans to customers as at those dates. 
The Issuer believes that it has established a sufficient level of provisions to cover its losses.  
An increase in provision for expected credit losses on interest bearing assets leads to a decrease in the Issuer’s 
profit before tax, while a decrease in provision for expected credit losses on interest bearing assets leads to an increase 
in the Issuer's profit before tax. 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
The Issuer’s financial instruments are classified as either debt securities at amortised cost, financial assets at 
fair value through profit or loss (trading securities) or at fair value through other comprehensive income. The Issuer’s 
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and at fair value through other comprehensive income, which 
represented 41.3% of the Issuer’s total assets as at 31 December 2020, are recorded at fair value, with changes in fair 
value being recorded in income (financial assets at fair value through profit or loss) or other comprehensive income, 
respectively. The increase in the Issuer's treasury portfolio created for liquidity purposes was the major driver for the 
increase in fair value instruments on the Issuer's balance sheet in the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
See "-- Selected Financial Ratios and Other Data". 
The following table sets out the distribution of the Issuer’s financial assets recorded at fair value as at each 
of the indicated dates:

--- Page 59 ---
49 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
51,561 
10,017 
17,169 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   
2,261,050 
2,106,299 
1,139,341 
Total 
 
2,312,611 
2,116,316 
1,156,510 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer's treasury portfolio as at each indicated 
dates. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
1,629,142 
1,513,960 
912,498 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
663,840 
765,144 
641,170 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
 
294,497 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
46,743 
3,450 
291 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
 
- 
34,685 
23,000 
Hedge instrument 
 
- 
- 
86 
Total 
 
2,634,222 
2,317,239 
1,577,045 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income have been the most significant part of the 
Issuer's treasury portfolio. Fair value of these instruments depends on a variety of factors, including interest rates and 
currency fluctuations. The Issuer manages the composition of the treasury portfolio and the duration of debt 
instruments to limit revaluations caused by external factors. See "Risk Management--Market Risk". 
When available, the Issuer measures the fair value of an instrument using quoted prices in an active market 
for that instrument. If a market for a financial instrument is not active, the Issuer establishes fair value using a valuation 
technique as discussed in "Significant Accounting Policies" below. 
Results of Operations for the Years Ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 
Net Interest Income 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s net interest income for the periods 
indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Interest income 
 
268,569 
265,028 
Interest expense 
 
(198,195) 
(168,697) 
Net interest income before provision for expected credit losses on interest 
bearing assets 
 
70,374 
96,331 
Net interest margin 
 
1.3% 
2.2% 
Net interest income decreased by 26.9%, from U.S.$96,331 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 to 
U.S.$70,374 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020. The decrease was mainly caused by an increase in interest

--- Page 60 ---
50 
expense by 17.5%, from U.S.$168,697 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$198,195 thousand in 
the year ended 31 December 2020, while interest income remained relatively flat in 2020, as compared to 2019. 
The Issuer’s net interest margin decreased for the year ended 31 December 2020, as compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2019, primarily due to a decrease in average interest rates on the Issuer's loans which are often 
linked to key benchmark rates. The key benchmark rates decreased in 2020 compared to 2019.  
The Issuer’s return on average assets and return on average equity decreased in the year ended 31 December 
2020, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, primarily due to an increase in the Issuer’s average assets 
without a proportionate increase in the Issuer's net profit. 
Interest Income 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s interest income for the periods indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Loans to customers 
 
141,465 
147,753 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
93,459 
77,964 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
 
13,935 
18,106 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
10,785 
17,095 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
7,075 
4,110 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
 
1,850 
- 
Total interest income 
 
268,569 
265,028 
Total interest income remained relatively flat for the year ended 31 December 2020, as compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2019.  
Interest income on loans to customers for the year ended 31 December 2020 decreased by 4.3%, from 
U.S.$147,753 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019, to U.S.$141,465 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2020, driven by a decrease in key benchmark rates to which the Issuer's lending rates are often linked to. 
The benchmark rates decreased primarily as a result of the central banks' policies. See "-- Significant Factors Affecting 
the Issuer's Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Interest rates". 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, interest income on financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income increased by 19.9%, from U.S.$77,964 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019, to 
U.S.$93,459 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020. The increase was primarily caused by an increase in the 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, which increased from U.S.$2,106,299 thousand as 
at 31 December 2019 to U.S.$ 2,261,050 thousand as at 31 December 2020. 
Interest Expense 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s interest expense for the periods 
indicated:

--- Page 61 ---
51 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Debt securities issued 
 
133,018 
132,433 
Loans and deposits from banks 
 
29,540 
14,214 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 
20,260 
7,118 
Deposits from customers 
 
15,377 
14,932 
Total interest expense 
 
198,195 
168,697 
Interest expense for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased by 17.5%, from U.S.$168,697 thousand for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$198,195 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020, mainly driven by 
an increase in interest expense on loans and deposits from banks and on financial liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss. 
Interest expense on debt securities issued remained relatively flat in the year ended 31 December 2020, as 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2019. See "-- Total Liabilites -- Debt securities issued". 
Interest expense on loans and deposits from banks for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased by 107.8%, 
from U.S.$14,214 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$29,540 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2020. The increase was primarily due to new loans received by the Issuer from international banks, 
including the loan from the Export-Import Bank of China in the amount of 1.5 billion Yuan (approximately U.S.$230 
million), and an increase in the volume of repo operations with banks in the year ended 31 December 2020. In 2020, 
the Issuer signed several loan agreements to receive financing from different international banks to fund the investment 
projects. Under the terms of the loan agreements, the Issuer must comply with certain financial covenants. The Issuer 
regularly enters into repurchase agreements to hedge against fluctuations in currency rates. 
Interest expense on financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 
2020 increased by 184.6%, from U.S.$7,118 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$20,260 thousand 
for the year ended 31 December 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase in interest expenses under 
currency and interest rate swap. In August 2019, the Issuer entered into a three-year currency and interest rate swap 
contract with a view to hedge against currency and interest rate risks. The swap agreement provides for fixed interest 
to be paid by the Issuer. In 2019, the instrument was on the balance sheet of the Issuer for several months, as compared 
to a full year in 2020. 
Net Interest Margin 
The Issuer’s net interest margin decreased from 2.2% for the year ended 31 December 2019 to 1.3% for the 
year ended 31 December 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the Issuer's lending interest rates and 
an increase in interest expense for the year ended 31 December 2020, as compared to the year ended 31 December 
2019. In addition, due to economic uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictive measures, 
the Issuer had to reconsider some of the projects in the pipeline and decrease or postpone their funding. In 2020, that 
led to an increase in the carrying value of securities and other financial instruments on the balance sheet of the Issuer 
which generally bear less interest than loans. 
Expected Credit Losses on Loans to Customers 
The Issuer’s provision for expected credit losses on interest bearing assets increased by 156.8% from 
U.S.$6,194 thousand in the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$15,909 thousand in the year ended 31 December 
2020. The Issuer's expected credit loss provisions on loans to customers increased by 16.1%, from U.S.$62,758 
thousand as at 31 December 2019 to U.S.$72,891 thousand as at 31 December 2020. The increase in provision on 
loans to customers was primarily attributed to a particular loan provided by the Issuer to a hotel operator in Nur-

--- Page 62 ---
52 
Sultan. During 2020, the quality of the loan significantly deteriorated as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. See "The 
Issuer -- Effect of COVID-19 on the Issuer's Portfolio in 2020". 
Net Non-Interest Income 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s net non-interest income for the periods 
indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Losses from investments in associates 
 
(2,908) 
- 
Recovery of/(provision for) expected credit losses on contingent liabilities and 
other assets 
 
156 
(602) 
Net gain/ (loss) from modification and recognition of new financial 
instruments 
 
193 
(3,436) 
Net gain /(loss) on financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss 
 
1,948 
(35,814) 
Net realised gain on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income  
 
4,619 
546 
Net gain on transactions in foreign currencies 
 
8,301 
53,074 
Fee and commission income 
 
11,359 
8,725 
Fee and commission expense 
 
(1,043) 
(455) 
Net (loss) /gain on trading with debt securities issued 
 
(295) 
24 
Other income 
 
129 
46 
Total net non-interest income 
 
22,459 
22,108 
Net non-interest income remained relatively flat for the year ended 31 December 2020, as compared to the 
year ended 31 December 2019.  
Losses from Investments in Associates 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Issuer recognised U.S.$2,908 thousand in losses from investments 
in associates, as compared to nil in the year ended 31 December 2019. In December 2019, the Issuer acquired 18.68% 
of shares of JSCB "NRBank" (JSC), a Russian bank. The purchase price was calculated based on the assessment of 
an external appraiser. In the year ended 31 December 2020, the Issuer assessed the fair value of purchased shares and 
recognised the difference as losses from investments in associates. The negative reassessment was primarily caused 
by a deprecation of RUB (the primary functional currency of JSCB "NRBank" (JSC)) against the U.S. dollar (the 
reporting currency of the Issuer) in the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Net Gain/(Loss) from Modification and Recognition of New Financial Instruments 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Issuer recognised a U.S.$193 thousand net gain from modification 
and recognition of new financial instruments, as compared to a U.S.$3,436 thousand loss in the year ended 31 
December 2019. From time to time, the Issuer revises contractual cash flows on certain financial assets. Depending 
on the nature of changes and their materiality, a new financial asset with different carrying value should be recognised 
under IFRS. The difference between carrying values of "old" and "new" assets is recognised as net gain or loss from 
modification and recognition of new financial instruments. In the year ended 31 December 2019, the Issuer 
renegotiated terms and conditions under several projects. In particular, at the request of the borrowers, the Issuer 
amended maturity dates, reduced interest rate and/or converted outstanding indebtedness into other currency under 
several loans. As a result, the Issuer recognised a U.S.$3,436 thousand loss in the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Generally, amendments to existing loans are not common for the Issuer. Both in 2018 and 2020, there have been fewer 
renegotiations.

--- Page 63 ---
53 
Net Gain/(Loss) on Financial Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Issuer recognised a U.S.$1,948 thousand net gain on financial 
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, as compared to a U.S.$35,814 thousand net loss in the year 
ended 31 December 2019. The key driver for changes is net gain (or loss) on financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss is the forward side of currency swaps. Generally, the Issuer enters into currency swaps to 
hedge against potential losses from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The net gains and losses on financial assets 
and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss should be considered in conjunction with net gains and losses on 
transactions in foreign currencies. See "--- Significant Factors Affecting the Issuer's Financial Condition and Results 
of Operations -- Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Fluctuations". 
Net Gain on Transactions in Foreign Currencies 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s net (loss)/gain on transactions in foreign 
currencies: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Translation differences, net 
 
8,314 
52,929 
Dealing, net 
 
(13) 
145 
Total net gain on transactions in foreign currencies 
 
8,301 
53,074 
A net gain on transactions in foreign currencies of U.S.$8,301 thousand was recorded for the year ended 31 
December 2020, and of U.S.$53,074 thousand was recorded for the year ended 31 December 2019. The key driver for 
changes in net gain (or loss) on transactions in foreign currencies is net translation differences which should be 
considered in conjunction with net gains and losses on financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss. 
Net Fee and Commission Income 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s fee and commission income: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development management fee 
 
8,057 
7,312 
Credit related fees 
 
3,184 
1,101 
Other fee 
 
118 
312 
Total fee and commission income  
 
11,359 
8,725 
Total fee and commission expense  
 
(1,043) 
(455) 
Net fee and commission expense  
 
10,316 
8,270 
The Issuer’s commission income mainly reflects fees it receives when acting as an investment manager of 
the Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development (the "EFSD"). The EFSD is a separate entity not consolidated 
in the Issuer's Financial Statements. The Issuer is not liable for recovery of funds used by the EFSD. For details, see 
"The Issuer -- Management and Consulting Services -- Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development (EFSD)" 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, total fee and commission income increased by 30.2%, from 
U.S.$8,725 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$11,359 thousand for the year ended 31 December 
2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase in management fees from the EFSD primarily due to more active 
use of EFSD funds during the COVID-19 pandemic. An increase in credit related fees from U.S.$1,101 thousand in

--- Page 64 ---
54 
the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$3,184 thousand in the year ended 31 December 2020 was due to an increase 
in restructurings, change of payment schedules, and other similar Issuer interactions with borrowers.  
For the year ended 31 December 2020, fee and commission expense increased by 129.2%, from U.S.$455 
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$1,043 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020. The 
increase is primarily attributable to an increase in the Issuer's expenses related to operations of EFSD which are 
reimbursed by EFSD to the Issuer. When incurred, these expenses are recognised as fee and commission expenses by 
the Issuer. Reimbursement of these expenses is recognised as fee and commission income. 
Operating Expenses 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s operating expenses for the periods 
indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Staff costs and other payments to employees 
 
35,495 
31,396 
Premises expenses 
 
2,403 
2,508 
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
1,481 
1,278 
Professional services 
 
1,057 
929 
Communication expenses 
 
746 
755 
Maintenance of acquired systems and programs 
 
684 
692 
Business trip expenses 
 
595 
2,163 
Business development expenses 
 
499 
1,210 
Security 
 
482 
511 
Other expenses(1)  
 
893 
1,581 
Total operating expenses 
 
44,335 
43,023 
 
(1) 
Other expenses include transportation expenses, training, office, postal and printing expenses and other expenses 
Operating expenses remained relatively flat for the year ended 31 December 2020, as compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2019.  
Staff costs and other payments to employees for the year ended 31 December 2020 increased by 13.1%, from 
U.S.$31,396 thousand in the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$35,495 thousand in the year ended 31 December 
2020. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in the number of the Issuer's employees from 309 as at 31 
December 2019 to 331 as at 31 December 2020. The increase was primarily caused by the launch of the DIF and 
growth of the Issuer's portfolio. 
Other Comprehensive Income 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s other comprehensive income for the 
periods indicated:

--- Page 65 ---
55 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Net unrealised gain on revaluation of financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
 
10,021 
42,858 
Net realised gain on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income transferred to profit or loss 
 
(4,619) 
(546) 
Net realised (gain)/loss on revaluation of hedge instruments 
 
(292) 
727 
Other comprehensive income 
 
5,110 
43,039 
The Issuer's other comprehensive income decreased by 88.1% from U.S.$ 43,039 thousand for the year ended 
31 December 2019 to U.S.$5,110 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020. The decrease was primarily 
attributable to a decrease in net unrealised gain on revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. 
The Issuer's net unrealised gain on revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income decreased by 76.6%, from U.S.$42,858 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 to U.S.$10,021 
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020. In 2020, the gain was primarily driven by a decrease in the prevailing 
interest rates which generally leads to an increase in valuations of debt instruments at fair value. Higher gain in 2019 
was primarily driven by other external factors. See "-- Results of Operations for the Years Ended 31 December 2019 
and 2018 -- Other comprehensive income" 
Results of Operations for the Years Ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 
Net Interest Income 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s net interest income for the periods 
indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Interest income 
 
265,028 
211,038 
Interest expense 
 
(168,697) 
(114,879) 
Net interest income before provision for expected credit losses on interest 
bearing assets 
 
96,331 
96,159 
Net interest margin 
 
2.2% 
2.8% 
Net interest income before provision for expected credit losses remained relatively flat for the year ended 31 
December 2019, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2018.  
The Issuer’s net interest margin decreased for the year ended 31 December 2019, as compared to the year 
ended 31 December 2018, primarily due to an increase in interest expense for the year ended 31 December 2019 caused 
by an increase in the Issuer's debt securities denominated in KZT and RUB, which bear higher interest rates. 
The Issuer’s return on average assets and return on average equity decreased in the year ended 31 December 
2019, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2018, primarily due to an increase in the Issuer’s average assets 
without a proportionate increase in the Issuer's net profit. 
Interest Income 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s interest income for the periods indicated:

--- Page 66 ---
56 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Loans to customers 
 
147,753 
139,824 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  
 
77,964 
41,673 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
 
18,106 
18,824 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
17,095 
10,717 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
4,110 
- 
Total interest income 
 
265,028 
211,038 
Interest income increased for the year ended 31 December 2019 by 25.6%, from U.S.$211,038 thousand for 
the year ended 31 December 2018 to U.S.$265,028 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Interest income on loans to customers increased by 5.7%, from U.S.$139,824 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2018 to U.S.$147,753 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase was primarily caused 
by an increase in the Issuer’s loan portfolio for the year ended 31 December 2019, which led to an increase in average 
balances of loans to customers during the year ended 31 December 2019, and was partially offset by a decrease in 
average interest rate on loans to customers in the year ended 31 December 2019, as compared to the year ended 31 
December 2018. 
Interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income increased by 87.1%, 
from U.S.$41,673 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018 to U.S.$77,964 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2019. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the balance sheet value of financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income by 84.9%, from U.S.$1,139,341 thousand as of 31 December 2018 to 
U.S.$2,106,299 thousand as of 31 December 2019. The increase in financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income was primarily attributable to proceeds from the issuance of debt securities denominated in 
RUB and KZT in the year ended 31 December 2019. The funds were earmarked for financing projects in the pipeline 
and were temporary converted into securities as of 31 December 2019. 
Interest Expense 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s interest expense for the periods 
indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Debt securities issued 
 
132,433 
92,070 
Deposits from customers 
 
14,932 
1,326 
Loans and deposits from banks 
 
14,214 
21,483 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 
7,118 
- 
Total interest expense 
 
168,697 
114,879 
Interest expense increased by 46.8%, from U.S.$114,879 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018 to 
U.S.$168,697 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase was mainly caused by an increase in the 
interest expense on debt securities issued due to higher average balances of issued debt securities for the year ended 
31 December 2019. See " -- Total Liabilities -- Debt securities issued".  
For the year ended 31 December 2019, interest expense on deposits from customers increased by more than 
11 times, from U.S.$1,326 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018 to U.S.$14,932 thousand for the year ended 
31 December 2019. The increase was primarily caused by the expansion of the Issuer's deposit base in the year ended

--- Page 67 ---
57 
31 December 2019, driven by growth in deposits from customers resulting from the Issuer's launch in 2018 of clearing 
and settlement services. See "The Issuer- Settlement and Clearing Services".  
Net Interest Margin 
The Issuer’s net interest margin decreased from 2.8% for the year ended 31 December 2018 to 2.2% for the 
year ended 31 December 2019, primarily due to an increase in interest expense for the year ended 31 December 2019 
caused by an increase in the Issuer's debt securities denominated in KZT and RUB, which bear higher interest rates. 
Expected Credit Losses on Loans to Customers 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Issuer's expected credit loss provisions decreased by 5.2%, from 
U.S.$66,202 thousand as at 31 December 2018 to U.S.$62,758 thousand as at 31 December 2019. The decrease was 
primarily attributable to a write-off of loans to four defaulted customers in the amount of U.S.$9,178 thousand. All 
four loans were in default as at 31 December 2018. 
See "Risk Management—Credit Risk—Lending Policies and Procedures—Portfolio Supervision and 
Provisioning Policy" for a discussion of the Issuer’s internal loan categorisation policies. 
Net Non-Interest Income 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer's net non-interest income for the periods 
indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Provision for expected credit losses on contingent liabilities and other assets 
 
(602) 
(79) 
Net loss from modification and recognition of new financial instruments 
 
(3,436) 
(479) 
Net (loss)/gain on financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss 
 
(35,814) 
28,099 
Net realised gain/(loss) on financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
 
546 
(1,916) 
Net gain/(loss) on transactions in foreign currencies 
 
53,074 
(20,622) 
Fee and commission income 
 
8,725 
4,350 
Fee and commission expense 
 
(455) 
(584) 
Net gain/(loss) on trading with debt securities issued 
 
24 
(8) 
Other income 
 
46 
531 
Total net non-interest income/(loss)  
 
22,108 
9,292 
Net non-interest income increased from U.S.$9,292 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018 to 
U.S.$22,108 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase was primarily caused by net gain on 
transactions in foreign currencies for the year ended 31 December 2019, partially offset by a net loss on financial 
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.  
Net Gain/(Loss) on Financial Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Issuer recognised a U.S.$35,814 thousand net loss on financial 
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, as compared to a U.S.$28,099 thousand net gain in the year 
ended 31 December 2018. Generally, the Issuer enters into derivative financial contracts to hedge potential losses 
from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The net gains and losses on financial assets and liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss should be considered in conjunction with net gains and losses on transactions in foreign 
currencies. See "--- Significant Factors Affecting the Issuer's Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Foreign 
Currency Exchange Rate Fluctuations".

--- Page 68 ---
58 
Net Gain/(Loss) from Modification and Recognition of New Financial Instruments 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Issuer recognised a U.S.$3,436 thousand loss, as compared to 
U.S.$479 thousand loss in the year ended 31 December 2018. Please see "-- Results of Operations for the Years Ended 
31 December 2020 and 2019 -- Net Gain/(Loss) from Modification and Recognition of New Financial Instruments " 
Net Gain/(Loss) on Transactions in Foreign Currencies 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s net (loss)/gain on transactions in foreign 
currencies: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Translation differences, net 
 
52,929 
(20,652) 
Dealing, net 
 
145 
30 
Total net gain/(loss) on transactions in foreign currencies 
 
53,074 
(20,622) 
A net gain on transactions in foreign currencies of U.S.$53,074 thousand was recorded for the year ended 31 
December 2019, while a net loss on transactions in foreign currencies of U.S.$20,622 thousand was recorded for the 
year ended 31 December 2018. The key driver for changes in net gain (or loss) on transactions in foreign currencies 
is net translation differences which should be considered in conjunction with net gains and losses on financial assets 
and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. 
Net Fee and Commission Income 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s fee and commission income: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development management fee 
 
7,312 
3,993 
Credit related fees 
 
1,101 
229 
Other fee 
 
312 
128 
Total fee and commission income  
 
8,725 
4,350 
Total fee and commission expense  
 
(455) 
(584) 
Net fee and commission income  
 
8,270 
3,766 
Fee and commission income for the year ended 31 December 2019 increased by 100.6%, from U.S.$4,350 
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018 to U.S.$8,725 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. The 
increase was primarily due to a U.S.$3,319 thousand increase in management fees for the EFSD due to higher activity 
of EFSD for the year ended 31 December 2019, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2018, and a U.S.$872 
thousand increase in credit related fees, which in turn were caused by an increase in investment activities of the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Fee and commission expense for the year ended 31 December 2019 decreased by 22.1%, from U.S.$584 
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018 to U.S.$455 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. The 
decrease was primarily due to the incurrence of external advisers' fees in connection with an update to the Programme 
in the year ended 31 December 2018, while no similar fees were incurred in the year ended 31 December 2019.

--- Page 69 ---
59 
Operating Expenses 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s operating expenses for the periods 
indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Staff costs and other payments to employees 
 
31,396 
22,051 
Premises expenses 
 
2,508 
2,361 
Business trip expenses 
 
2,163 
1,131 
Depreciation and amortisation 
 
1,278 
1,193 
Business development expenses 
 
1,210 
898 
Professional services 
 
929 
1,334 
Communication expenses 
 
755 
743 
Maintenance of acquired systems and programs 
 
692 
751 
Security 
 
511 
552 
Other expenses(1)  
 
1,581 
1,012 
Total operating expenses 
 
43,023 
32,026 
 
(1) 
Other expenses include transportation expenses, training, office, postal and printing expenses and other expenses 
Operating expenses increased by 34.3%, from U.S.$32,026 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018 
to U.S.$43,023 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019. This increase was primarily due to a U.S.$9,345 
thousand increase in staff costs and other payments to employees. Staff costs and other payments to employees 
increased due to the accrual of bonuses for the year ended 31 December 2019 for the results of the year ended 31 
December 2018, as compared to 2018 when accrued bonuses for the year ended 31 December 2017 were partially 
cancelled.  
Other Comprehensive Income 
The following table sets out the principal components of the Issuer’s other comprehensive income for the 
periods indicated: 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Net unrealised gain/(loss) on revaluation of financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 
42,858 
(24,245) 
Net realised (gain)/loss on financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income transferred to profit or loss 
 
(546) 
1,916 
Net realised (gain)/loss on revaluation of hedge instruments 
 
727 
(435) 
Other comprehensive income 
 
43,039 
(22,764) 
The Issuer had other comprehensive income of U.S.$43,039 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019, 
as compared to other comprehensive loss of U.S.$22,764 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018. The gain 
was primarily attributable to a net unrealised gain on revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. 
The Issuer had a net unrealised gain on revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income of U.S.$42,858 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019, as compared to a net 
unrealised loss on revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income of U.S.$24,245 
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018. The difference was primarily attributable to gains on revaluation of 
securities issued by Russian and Kazakhstani companies. The revaluation was primarily driven by a recovery of market

--- Page 70 ---
60 
prices for these securities after a decline in 2018, when new OFAC sanctions were imposed on certain Russian entities 
and individuals. In addition, a decrease in key benchmark rates in U.S. dollars in the year ended 31 December 2019 
contributed to the gains on revaluations, as a decrease in interest rates generally leads to an increase in valuations of 
debt instruments. 
Financial Condition as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
The following selected balance sheet information as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 has been derived 
from the Financial Statements which are included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
ASSETS 
(in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
663,840 
765,144 
641,170 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
51,561 
10,017 
17,169 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
 
185,475 
266,298 
245,510 
Loans to customers 
 
2,098,698 
1,960,004 
1,650,290 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   
2,261,050 
2,106,299 
1,139,341 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
 
294,497 
- 
- 
Investments in associates 
 
17,260 
20,131 
- 
Hedging instruments 
 
- 
- 
86 
Property and equipment 
 
10,492 
11,046 
11,156 
Intangible assets 
 
762 
1,011 
1,148 
Other assets 
 
16,040 
20,814 
4,596 
TOTAL ASSETS 
5,599,675 
5,160,764 
3,710,466 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
 
1,560,112 
740,475 
242,931 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 
5,001 
26,955 
3,329 
Debt securities issued 
 
1,719,552 
2,209,328 
1,525,786 
Deposits from customers 
 
391,598 
297,344 
177,145 
Hedging instruments 
 
- 
1,616 
521 
Other liabilities 
 
41,274 
35,050 
22,774 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
3,717,537 
3,310,768 
1,972,486 
EQUITY: 
 
 
 
Paid-in share capital 
 
1,515,700 
1,515,700 
1,515,700 
Reserve fund 
 
146,220 
111,732 
111,732 
Technical assistance fund reserve 
 
23,685 
19,133 
- 
Digital initiative fund reserve 
 
10,000 
- 
- 
Revaluation reserve/(deficit) for financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
 
30,650 
25,248 
(17,064) 
Revaluation reserve/(deficit) of hedging instruments 
 
- 
292 
(435) 
Retained earnings 
 
155,883 
177,891 
128,047 
TOTAL EQUITY 
 
1,882,138 
1,849,996 
1,737,980 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
5,599,675 
5,160,764 
3,710,466 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s total assets were U.S.$5,599,675 thousand, an increase of 8.5%, as 
compared to U.S.$5,160,764 thousand as at 31 December 2019.

--- Page 71 ---
61 
The U.S.$438,911 thousand increase in total assets as at 31 December 2020, as compared to 31 December 
2019, was primarily attributable to a U.S.$294,497 thousand increase in debt securities at amortised cost and 
U.S.$154,751 thousand increase in financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Both increases 
were primarily driven by an increase in the Issuer's treasury portfolio. 
The U.S.$1,450,298 thousand increase in total assets as at 31 December 2019, as compared to 31 December 
2018, was primarily attributable to a U.S.$966,958 thousand increase in financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and a U.S.$309,714 thousand increase in loans to customers. The increase in loans to 
customers for the year ended 31 December 2019 was caused by an increase in the Issuer's loan portfolio. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
The Issuer's cash and cash equivalents were U.S.$663,840 thousand, U.S.$765,144 thousand and 
U.S.$641,170 thousand as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The U.S.$101,304 thousand decrease 
in cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2020, as compared to 31 December 2019, was primarily driven by the 
Issuer's decision to allocate more cash and cash equivalents to financial assets generating higher interest. A 
U.S.$123,974 thousand increase in cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2019, as compared to 31 December 
2018, was primarily driven by the Issuer's sale of treasury Eurobonds in December 2019. 
Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss 
The Issuer’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss were U.S.$51,561 thousand, U.S.$10,017 
thousand and U.S.$17,169 thousand as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. A U.S.$41,544 thousand 
increase in the carrying value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as at 31 December 2020, as 
compared to 31 December 2019 was primarily caused by a positive revaluation of currency swaps and acquisition of 
shares of a major Russian state-owned company in the year ended 31 December 2020. A decrease in the carrying 
value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in the year ended 31 December 2019, as compared to the 
year ended 31 December 2018 was primarily driven by a negative revaluation of the Issuer's investment in MRIF. See 
" --Results of operations for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 -- Losses less gains from equity securities 
at fair value through profit or loss" and "The Issuer -- Private Equity Funds". 
Loans and Advances to Financial Institutions 
The Issuer’s loans and advances to financial institutions were U.S.$185,475 thousand, U.S.$266,298 
thousand and U.S.$245,510 thousand as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The decrease of 
U.S.$80,823 thousand in loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2020, as compared to 31 
December 2019, was primarily caused by a scheduled redemption of certain loans and the maturing of several repo 
transactions. Loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2019 comprised U.S.$233,739 thousand 
of loans to banks and U.S.$34,685 thousand of loans under reverse repurchase agreements. The increase of 
U.S.$20,244 thousand as at 31 December 2019, as compared to 31 December 2018, was attributable to the U.S.$11,685 
thousand increase in loans under reverse repurchase agreements and the U.S.$8,559 thousand increase in loans to 
banks. 
Loans to Customers 
The Issuer’s net loans to customers were U.S.$2,098,698 thousand, U.S.$1,960,004 thousand and 
U.S.$1,650,290 thousand as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. See "The Issuer—Lending and 
Investments—Lending—Loans to Customers". 
The increase in net loans to customers for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 was primarily 
attributable to the growth of the Issuer's portfolio and financing of major industry and infrastructure projects.

--- Page 72 ---
62 
Loans to customers as a percentage of total assets remained relatively flat as at 31 December 2020, as compared 
to 31 December 2019. Loans to customers as a percentage of total assets decreased from 44.5% as at 31 December 2018 
to 38.0% as at 31 December 2019, primarily due to a substantial increase in the balance value of financial instruments 
at fair value through other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2019.  
Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income  
The Issuer's investment policy establishes types of investment instruments and minimum level of credit ratings 
for inclusion of financial instruments in the treasury portfolio. See "Risk Management -- Liquidity Risk Management". 
The Issuer maintains a sufficient level of liquid assets in its treasury portfolio to finance its activities for 12 
months without reliance on third parties. The level of liquid assets in the treasury portfolio shall not be less than 12 
months projected net loan disbursements plus the annual cost of servicing of financial debt. The level is revised on a 
quarterly basis. As of 31 December 2020, the minimum level of liquid assets in the treasury portfolio (FN1) was 
U.S.$729 million and the carrying value of the treasury portfolio was U.S.$1,293 million. 
The treasury department oversees compliance with the abovementioned guidelines and makes decisions on the 
size and term of investments, thus maintaining portfolio flow with regards of currency, maturity and other periodical 
payments or project investments. 
As at 31 December 2020, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income comprised 
U.S.$631,908 thousand in debt instruments in the investment portfolio and U.S.$1,606,548 thousand in debt 
instruments in the treasury portfolio. As at 31 December 2020, the investment portfolio comprised U.S.$551,590 
thousand in bonds issued by non-financial organisations, U.S.$40,930 thousand Eurobonds issued by the Republic of 
Kazakhstan, U.S.$31,958 thousand issued by the Republic of Belarus, and U.S.$7,430 thousand bonds issued by a 
financial organisation. As at 31 December 2020, the treasury portfolio comprised U.S.$877,557 thousand in bonds 
issued by Japan, Belgium and the United States of America, U.S.$228,397 thousand bonds issued by non-financial 
organisations, U.S.$195,283 thousand in bonds issued by the Russian Federation, U.S.$143,166 thousand discount 
notes issued by the NBK, U.S.$127,924 thousand in bonds issued by banks and financial institutions of countries other 
than the Member States, U.S.$23,116 thousand in Eurobonds issued by the Republic of Kazakhstan and U.S.$11,105 
thousand in bonds issued by banks and financial institutions of the Republic of Kazakhstan. The increase in balances 
of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income as at 31 December 2020, as compared to 31 
December 2019, was primarily due to an increase in loans and deposits received from banks in the year ended 31 
December 2020. In addition, in the year ended 31 December 2020, certain loans and securities were redeemed before 
their stated maturity dates. The Issuer invested received funds in financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. 
As at 31 December 2019, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income comprised 
U.S.$592,339 thousand in debt instruments in investment portfolio and U.S.$1,513,960 thousand in debt instruments 
in the investment portfolio. As at 31 December 2019, the investment portfolio comprised U.S.$556,965 thousand in 
bonds issued by non-financial organisations, U.S.$15,872 thousand Eurobonds issued by the Republic of Belarus and 
U.S.$19,502 thousand bonds issued by various financial organisations. As at 31 December 2019, the treasury portfolio 
comprised U.S.$470,137 thousand in bonds issued by Japan, Belgium and U.S. treasury securities, U.S.$213,595 
thousand in bonds issued by non-financial organisations, U.S.$140,428 thousand in bonds issued by the Russian 
Federation, U.S.$139,961 thousand in discount notes issued by the NBK and U.S.$549,839 thousand in bonds issued 
by banks and financial institutions of countries other than the Member States. The increase in balances of financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income as at 31 December 2019, as compared to 31 December 2018, 
was primarily due to an increase in debt securities in KZT and issued by the Issuer to fund projects in the pipeline. In 
addition, in December 2019, the Issuer sold its treasury Eurobonds. The Issuer invested received funds in financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

--- Page 73 ---
63 
As at 31 December 2020, debt securities at amortised cost comprised U.S.$294,497 thousand, as compared 
to nil as at 31 December 2019 and 2018. In 2020, the Issuer created a separate portfolio for debt securities purchased 
and held until their maturity. Under IFRS, such securities are accounted as a separate line item. 
Total Liabilities 
The Issuer’s total liabilities were U.S.$3,717,537 thousand, U.S.$3,310,768 thousand and U.S.$1,972,486 
thousand as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The increase of U.S.$406,769 thousand as at 31 
December 2020, as compared to 31 December 2019, was primarily due to an increase in loans and deposits from banks 
and deposits from customers, partially offset by a decrease in debt securities issued. 
The increase of U.S.$1,338,282 thousand as at 31 December 2019, as compared to 31 December 2018, was 
due to increase in all components of total liabilities, in particular growth of debt securities issued, loans and deposits 
from banks and deposits from customers. 
Loans and Deposits from Banks 
The Issuer’s loans and deposits from banks were U.S.$1,560,112 thousand, U.S.$740,475 thousand, and 
U.S.$242,931 thousand as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The growth in loans and deposits from 
banks was primarily caused by the Issuer's decision to diversify sources of funding and implement the new product 
deposits for banks in 2018. 
Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss 
The Issuer’s financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss were U.S.$5,001 thousand, 
U.S.$26,955 thousand and U.S.$3,329 thousand as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
The decrease of U.S.$21,954 thousand as at 31 December 2020, as compared to 31 December 2019, was 
primarily the result of, as well as the increase of U.S.$23,626 thousand as at 31 December 2019, as compared to 31 
December 2018, was primarily the result of revaluation of currency swaps. 
Debt Securities Issued 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Issuer’s debt securities issued were U.S.$1,719,552 thousand, 
U.S.$2,209,328 thousand and U.S.$1,525,786 thousand, respectively. See "Capitalisation of the Issuer". The decrease 
of U.S.$489,776 thousand as at 31 December 2020, as compared to 31 December 2019, was primarily caused by the 
Issuer's decision to diversify of sources of funding by from debt securities to loans and deposits from banks. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer had the following debt securities issued and borrowings 
from banks: 
 
On 20 September 2012, the Issuer issued international Eurobonds listed on the London Stock 
Exchange under its EMTN Programme in an aggregate nominal amount of U.S.$500 million due 20 
September 2022 (series 03). The Eurobonds bear a fixed interest rate of 4.767% per annum. During 
2015 and 2016, the Issuer repurchased U.S.$201,031 thousand in nominal amount of bonds resulting 
in a net gain of U.S.$3,195 thousand. In April 2018, the Issuer registered its EMTN Programme on 
Euronext Dublin. On 12 December 2019, the Issuer made a secondary placement of repurchased 
bonds for a price equal to 104.65% of the bonds' nominal value. 
 
On 2 June 2014, the Issuer issued Russian rouble bonds (series 09) listed on the Moscow Exchange 
in an aggregate nominal amount of RUB5.0 billion due 24 May 2021. The bonds bear interest at a 
fixed rate of 9.65% per annum until 27 November 2017. After 27 November 2017 the Issuer reset

--- Page 74 ---
64 
the interest rate to 7.8% per annum valid until 26 November 2018. After 26 November 2018 the 
Issuer reset the interest rate to 8.9% per annum. 
 
On 19 January 2016, the Issuer issued Russian rouble bonds (series 10) on the Moscow Exchange 
in an aggregate nominal amount of RUB2.0 billion due 10 January 2023. The bonds bear a fixed 
interest rate of 12.25% per annum. 
 
On 2 February 2018, the Issuer issued Russian rouble bonds (series 11) on the Moscow Exchange 
in an aggregate nominal amount of RUB5.0 billion due on 24 January 2025. The bonds bear a fixed 
interest rate of 7.75% per annum until 30 July 2021. As from this date the Issuer may reset the 
interest rate. The bondholders are entitled to redeem the bonds on 4 August 2021. 
 
On 24 July 2018, the Issuer issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-01) on the Moscow Exchange 
in an aggregate nominal amount of RUB10 billion due 11 July 2028. After 21 January 2020 the 
Issuer reset the interest rate to 5.95% per annum valid until 17 January 2023, and as a result of put 
option exercise, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of bonds decreased to RUB 560 million. 
After 17 January 2023 the Issuer may reset the interest rate. The bondholders are entitled to redeem 
the bonds on 20 January 2023. 
 
On 9 November 2018, the Issuer issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-02) on the Moscow 
Exchange in an aggregate nominal amount of RUB5 billion due 7 May 2021. The bonds bear a fixed 
interest rate of 8.9% per annum valid until 7 May 2021. 
 
On 12 March 2019, the Issuer issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-03) on the Moscow 
Exchange in an aggregate nominal amount of RUB5 billion due 9 March 2021. The bonds bear a 
fixed interest rate of 8.6% per annum until their maturity date. 
 
On 16 July 2019, the Issuer issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-04) in an aggregate nominal 
amount of RUB5 billion and listed them on the Moscow Exchange. The bonds are due on 10 January 
2023 and bear an interest rate of 8.0% per annum valid until their maturity date. 
 
On 13 December 2019, the Issuer issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-05) in an aggregate 
nominal amount of RUB8.0 billion on the Moscow Exchange due on 9 June 2023. The bonds bear 
a fixed interest rate of 6.8% per annum until their maturity date. 
 
On 21 April 2020, the Issuer issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-06) on the Moscow Exchange 
in an aggregate nominal amount of RUB5 billion due on 18 April 2023. The bonds bear a fixed 
interest rate of 7.6% per annum until their maturity date. 
 
On 28 May 2020, the Issuer issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-07) on the Moscow Exchange 
in an aggregate nominal amount of RUB10 billion due on 23 May 2024. The bonds bear a fixed 
interest rate of 5.9% per annum until their maturity date. 
 
On 12 June 2018, the Issuer issued tenge bonds on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in an aggregate 
amount of KZT20 billion due 12 June 2021 (programme 2 series 01). The bonds bear a fixed interest 
rate of 9.1% per annum.  
 
On 12 June 2018, the Issuer issued tenge bonds on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in an aggregate 
nominal amount of KZT20 billion due 12 June 2021 (programme 2 series 02). The bonds bear a 
fixed interest rate of 9.1% per annum.

--- Page 75 ---
65 
 
On 12 June 2018, the Issuer issued tenge bonds on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in an aggregate 
nominal amount of KZT10 billion due 12 June 2021 (programme 2 series 07). The bonds bear a 
fixed interest rate of 9.1% per annum. 
 
On 11 October 2018, the Issuer issued tenge bonds on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in an 
aggregate nominal amount of KZT20 billion due 11 October 2023 (programme 2 series 06). The 
bonds bear a fixed interest rate of 9.5% per annum.  
 
On 6 November 2018, the Issuer issued tenge bonds on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in an 
aggregate nominal amount of KZT20 billion due 6 November 2022 (programme 2 series 03). The 
bonds bear a fixed interest rate of 9.7% per annum. 
 
On 22 February 2019, the Issuer issued tenge bonds on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in an 
aggregate nominal amount of KZT20 billion due 22 February 2022 (programme 1 series 05). The 
bonds bear a fixed interest rate of 9.7% per annum. 
 
On 27 May 2019, the Issuer issued KZT bonds on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in an aggregate 
nominal amount of KZT20 billion due 27 May 2024 (programme 2 series 05). The bonds bear a 
fixed interest rate of 9.5% per annum. 
 
On 27 May 2019, the Issuer issued tenge bonds on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in an aggregate 
nominal amount of KZT20 billion due 27 May 2024 (programme 2 series 09). The bonds bear a 
fixed interest rate of 9.5% per annum. 
 
On 27 May 2019, the Issuer issued tenge bonds on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in an aggregate 
nominal amount of KZT10 billion due 27 May 2024 (programme 2 series 11). The bonds bear a 
fixed interest rate of 9.5% per annum. 
 
On 28 August 2020, the Issuer issued KZT bonds on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange in an aggregate 
nominal amount of KZT40 billion due 28 August 2022 (programme 3 series 01). The bonds bear a 
fixed interest rate of 11% per annum. 
 
On 4 December 2020, the Issuer issued U.S. dollar-denominated bonds on the Astana International 
Exchange in an aggregate nominal amount of USD100 million due 14 December 2021. The bonds 
bear a fixed interest rate of 0.75% per annum until their maturity date. 
As at 31 December 2020, the outstanding principal amount of debt securities issued, including bond issues 
listed above, amounted to U.S.1,719,552 thousand. 
Deposits from Customers 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Issuer’s deposits from customers were U.S.$391,598 thousand, 
U.S.$297,344 thousand and U.S.$177,145 thousand, respectively. The increase in 2020 and 2019 was primarily driven 
by the Issuer's diversification of funds and the offering of clearing and settlement services which lead to an increase 
in the amount of deposits from customers. 
Other Liabilities 
The Issuer’s other liabilities were U.S.$41,274 thousand, U.S.$35,050 thousand and U.S.$22,774 thousand 
as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Other liabilities comprise employee benefits plan, accrued staff 
bonuses, liabilities under lease contracts, various reserves, prepayments and accruals. An increase in other liabilities 
for the year ended 31 December 2020, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2019, was primarily caused by an 
increase in defined contribution plans (retirement savings plan) and the provision for TAF future costs.

--- Page 76 ---
66 
The Issuer is exempt from payments of obligatory pension contributions in the Member States and provides 
private retirement benefits in accordance with its internal regulations. An increase of U.S.$3,967 thousand as at 31 
December 2020, as compared to 31 December 2019, was primarily caused by an increase in the number of Issuer's 
employees in 2020, as compared to 2019. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, U.S.$5,550 thousand were allocated to TAF expenses, of which 
U.S.$1,607 thousand were expensed on research projects and the first Eurasian Congress in December 2020. The 
remainder of the allocated future expenses (U.S.$3,943 thousand) was recorded as other liabilities as at 31 December 
2020.  
An increase in other liabilities for the year ended 31 December 2019, as compared to the year ended 31 
December 2018, was primarily caused by recognition of lease liabilities in the amount of U.S.$6,967 thousand as at 
31 December 2019 as a result of adoption of IFRS 16 starting from 1 January 2019. 
Equity 
The Issuer’s total shareholders' equity was U.S.$1,882,138 thousand, U.S.$ 1,849,996 thousand and 
U.S.$1,737,980 thousand as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
The increase in equity for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 was attributable to (i) the 
accrual of net profit of the Issuer in the amount of U.S.$32,582 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
U.S.$68,977 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 and U.S.$66,445 thousand for the year ended 31 
December 2018; and (ii) accrual in other comprehensive income which amounted to U.S.$5,110 thousand for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, U.S.$43,039 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2019 and other comprehensive loss 
of U.S.$22,764 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2018.  
Total equity as a percentage of total assets is primarily affected by the amount of bonds issued by the Issuer. 
Total equity as a percentage of total assets decreased for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 from 
46.8% the for the year ended 31 December 2018 to 33.6% for the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily due to the 
issuance of RUB and KZT denominated bonds, an increase in loans and deposits from banks and the acceptance of 
customers' deposits beginning in 2018. 
The Internal Regulations requires that the Issuer maintain the Financial Leverage Ratio of not more than 
300.0% and maintain its minimum total capital adequacy ratio calculated on the basis of Basel II standardised approach 
at 16.0%. As at 31 December 2020, the financial leverage ratio was 123.25% and the capital adequacy ratio was 
42.77%. 
Liquidity 
Liquidity is the measurement of the Issuer’s ability to meet its cash requirements. The Issuer’s objective in 
managing its liquidity is to maintain the ability to meet loan commitments, purchase investments and pay other 
liabilities in accordance with their terms, without an adverse impact on the Issuer’s current or future earnings. The 
Issuer’s liquidity management is guided by policies developed and monitored by the ALMC (as defined herein) and 
the Assets and Liabilities Management Division. See "Risk Management—Liquidity Risk Management". 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer has approved non-binding commitments in respect of five projects that 
have been approved by the Credit Committee, the Management Board and, where necessary, the Council, representing 
financing by the Issuer in the aggregate amount of U.S.$562.5 million. These projects remain subject to further 
diligence and negotiations. See "The Issuer—Lending and Investments—Lending—Loans to Customers—Project 
Pipeline—Approved Projects". These commitments, investments and liabilities are expected to be financed 
predominately through borrowing from banks and the issuance of securities on the international capital markets, 
including issues under the Programme.

--- Page 77 ---
67 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
In the normal course of business, the Issuer is a party to various financial instruments described below with 
off-balance sheet risk in order to meet the needs of its customers. These instruments, which involve varying degrees 
of credit risk, are not reflected in the statement of financial position. 
The Issuer’s maximum exposure to credit loss under contingent liabilities and commitments to extend credit, 
in the event of a counterparty's default and in event when all counterclaims, collateral or security prove insufficient to 
cover any liabilities, is represented by the contractual amounts of those instruments. The Issuer plans to fund these 
commitments primarily with the debt securities issued. 
The Issuer uses the same credit control and management policies in undertaking off-balance sheet 
commitments as it does for on-balance operations.  
The following table shows the nominal (or contractual) amounts of the Issuer’s off-balance sheet 
arrangements as at the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in thousands U.S. Dollars) 
Guarantees and letters of credit issued 
 
22,121 
50,877 
1,021 
Contingent liabilities 
 
 
 
Commitments on loans and unused credit lines 
 
1,186,735 
1,275,796 
1,244,532 
Guarantees and letters of credit issued 
 
246,342 
134,727 
- 
Commitments to join private equity funds 
 
3,995 
3,995 
15,724 
Less expected credit loss provisions(1)  
 
(488) 
(720) 
(8) 
Total contingent liabilities and credit commitments 
 
1,458,705 
1,464,675 
1,261,269 
(1) 
The expected credit loss provisions are created for the Issuer's contingent liabilities and are not reflected in the Issuer's statement of profit 
and loss and other comprehensive income. 
Commitments on loans and unused credit lines remained relatively flat during the year ended 31 December 
2020, as compared to the year 31 December 2019.  
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Issuer had no commitments for capital expenditures. 
Related Party Transactions 
Note 27 of the Notes to the Financial Statements as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 
2018 summarise certain related party transactions entered into by the Issuer regarding compensation of key 
management personnel and some of the state-owned entities of its Member States. 
Market Risk Management  
See "Risk Management". 
Significant Accounting Policies  
Certain of the Issuer’s significant accounting policies are described below. The Issuer’s significant 
accounting policies are discussed in Note 3 of the Notes to the Financial Statements that are included elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 78 ---
68 
Financial instruments 
Classification 
The Issuer classifies financial assets in the following measurement categories: fair value through profit or 
loss, fair value through other comprehensive income and amortised cost. The classification and subsequent 
measurement of debt financial assets depends on: (i) the Issuer’s business model for managing the related assets 
portfolio; and (ii) the cash flow characteristics of the asset. 
The business model reflects how the Issuer manages the assets in order to generate cash flows – whether the 
Issuer’s objective is: (i) solely to collect the contractual cash flows from the assets ("hold to collect contractual cash 
flows"), or (ii) to collect both the contractual cash flows and the cash flows arising from the sale of assets ("hold to 
collect contractual cash flows and sell") or, if neither of (i) and (ii) is applicable, the financial assets are classified as 
part of "other" business model and measured at fair value through profit or loss. The business model is determined for 
a group of assets (on a portfolio level) based on all relevant evidence about the activities that the Issuer undertakes to 
achieve the objective set out or the portfolio available at the date of the assessment. An assessment of business models 
for managing financial assets was performed at the date of initial application of IFRS 9 (1 January 2018) to determine 
the classification of a financial asset.  
The business model is applied retrospectively to all financial assets existing at the date of initial application 
of IFRS 9. The Issuer determines the business models at a level that reflects how groups of financial assets are 
managed together to achieve a particular business objective. The Issuer’s business model does not depend on 
management’s intentions for an individual instrument; therefore, the business model assessment is performed at a 
higher level of aggregation rather than on an instrument-by-instrument basis.  
Where the business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows or to hold contractual cash flows 
and sell, the Issuer assesses whether the cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest ("SPPI"). 
Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows 
are consistent with the SPPI feature. In making this assessment, the Issuer considers whether the contractual cash 
flows are consistent with a basic lending arrangement, i.e. interest includes only consideration for credit risk, time 
value of money, other basic lending risks and profit margin. 
Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility that is inconsistent with a basic lending 
arrangement, the financial asset is classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss. The SPPI assessment is 
performed on initial recognition of an asset and it is not subsequently reassessed. 
Initial Recognition 
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss are initially recorded at fair value. All other financial 
instruments are initially recorded at fair value adjusted for transaction costs. Fair value at initial recognition is best 
evidenced by the transaction price. A gain or loss on initial recognition is only recorded if there is a difference between 
the fair value and the transaction price which can be evidenced by other observable current market transactions in the 
same instrument or by a valuation technique whose inputs include only data from observable markets. After the initial 
recognition, an expected credit loss provision is recognized for financial assets measured at amortised cost and 
investments in debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, resulting in an immediate 
accounting loss.  
Credit loss allowance for expected credit loss 
The Issuer assesses, on a forward-looking basis, the expected credit loss for debt instruments measured at 
amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income and for the exposures arising from loan 
commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The Issuer measures expected credit loss and recognises credit loss

--- Page 79 ---
69 
provision at each reporting date. The measurement of expected credit loss reflects: (i) an unbiased and probability 
weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes, (ii) time value of money and (iii) all 
reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost and effort at the end of each reporting 
period about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future conditions. Debt instruments measured at amortised 
cost are presented in the statement of financial position net of the provision for expected credit loss. For loan 
commitments and financial guarantees, a separate provision for expected credit loss is recognised as a liability in the 
statement of financial position. For debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, changes in 
amortised cost, net of provision for expected credit loss, are recognised in profit or loss and other changes in carrying 
value are recognised in other comprehensive income as gains less losses on debt instruments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income. The Issuer applies a three stage model for impairment, based on changes in credit quality 
since initial recognition. A financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition is classified in Stage 
1. Financial assets in Stage 1 have their expected credit loss measured at an amount equal to the portion of lifetime 
expected credit loss that results from default events possible within the next 12 months or until contractual maturity, 
if shorter. If the Issuer identifies a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the asset is transferred to 
Stage 2 and its expected credit loss is measured based on expected credit loss on a lifetime basis, that is, up until 
contractual maturity but considering expected prepayments, if any. If the Issuer determines that a financial asset is 
credit-impaired, the asset is transferred to Stage 3 and its expected credit loss is measured as a lifetime expected credit 
loss. For financial assets that are purchased or originated credit-impaired, the expected credit loss is always measured 
as a lifetime expected credit loss. 
Derecognition 
The Issuer derecognises financial assets when (a) the assets are redeemed or the rights to cash flows from the 
assets otherwise expired or (b) the Issuer has transferred the rights to the cash flows from the financial assets or entered 
into a qualifying pass-through arrangement while (i) also transferring substantially all risks and rewards of ownership 
of the assets or (ii) neither transferring nor retaining substantially all risks and rewards of ownership, but not retaining 
control. Control is retained if the counterparty does not have the practical ability to sell the asset in its entirety to an 
unrelated third party without needing to impose restrictions on the sale. Please see details on critical judgements over 
derecognition in Note 3 (p) of the Notes to the Financial Statements. 
Financial assets are written-off, in whole or in part, when the Issuer exhausted all practical recovery efforts 
and has concluded that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. The write-off represents a derecognition event. 
The Issuer may write-off financial assets that are still subject to enforcement activity when the Issuer seeks to recover 
amounts that are contractually due, however, there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. 
Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements 
Sale and repurchase agreements ("repo agreements"), which effectively provide a lender’s return to the 
counterparty, are treated as secured financing transactions. Securities sold under such sale and repurchase agreements 
are not derecognised. The corresponding liability is presented within loans and deposits from banks. Securities 
purchased under agreements to resell ("reverse repo agreements"), which effectively provide a lender’s return to the 
Issuer, are recorded as cash and cash equivalents or advances to banks, as appropriate. The difference between the 
sale and repurchase price, adjusted by interest and dividend income collected by the counterparty, is treated as interest 
income and accrued over the life of repo agreements using the effective interest method. 
Derivative financial instruments 
Derivative financial instruments include swaps, forwards, futures and spot transactions. Derivatives may be 
embedded in another contractual arrangement (a "host contract"). An embedded derivative is separated from the host 
contract and it is accounted for as a derivative if, and only if, the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded 
derivative are not closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, a separate instrument 
with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and the combined instrument

--- Page 80 ---
70 
is not measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Derivatives embedded in financial 
assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are not separated. 
Offsetting 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position 
when there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net 
basis, or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.  
Income and expense recognition 
Interest income and expense are recorded for all debt instruments, on an accrual basis using the effective 
interest method. This method defers, as part of interest income or expense, all fees paid or received between the parties 
to the contract that are an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and all other premiums or 
discounts. Fees integral to the effective interest rate include origination fees received or paid by the entity relating to 
the creation or acquisition of a financial asset or issuance of a financial liability; for example, fees for evaluating 
creditworthiness, evaluating and recording guarantees or collateral, negotiating the terms of the instrument and for 
processing transaction documents. Commitment fees received by the Issuer to originate loans at market interest rates 
are integral to the effective interest rate if it is probable that the Issuer will enter into a specific lending arrangement 
and does not expect to sell the resulting loan shortly after origination. The Issuer does not designate loan commitments 
as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. For financial assets that are originated or purchased credit-
impaired, the effective interest rate is the rate that discounts the expected cash flows to the fair value on initial 
recognition. As a result, the effective interest is credit-adjusted. 
Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of financial 
assets, except for (i) financial assets that have become credit impaired (Stage 3), for which interest revenue is 
calculated by applying the effective interest rate to their amortised cost, net of the expected credit loss provision, and 
(ii) financial assets that are purchased or originated credit impaired, for which the original credit-adjusted effective 
interest rate is applied to the amortised cost. Fee and commission income is recognised over time on a straight line 
basis as the services are rendered, when the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by 
the Issuer. Other fee and commission income is recognised at a point in time when the Issuer satisfies its performance 
obligation, usually upon execution of the underlying transaction. The amount of fee or commission received or 
receivable represents the transaction price for the services identified as distinct performance obligations. 
Payments made under operating leases are recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term 
of the lease. Lease incentives received are recognised as an integral part of the total lease expense, over the term of 
the lease.

--- Page 81 ---
71 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Issuer’s operations are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond its control, including risks 
relating to changes in equity or commodity prices, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, declines in liquidity and 
deterioration in the credit quality of its loan and treasury portfolios. See "Risk Factors - The Issuer is exposed to 
foreign currency risks", "Risk Factors - The Issuer's loan portfolio is concentrated in certain industry sectors and in 
certain Member States and is subject to credit risk due to high lending concentration", "Risk Factors - The Issuer 
faces risks associated with the level of, and changes in, interest rates". The Issuer monitors and manages the maturities 
of its loans, its interest rate and exchange rate exposures, its liquidity position and the credit quality of each individual 
financial asset in the investment portfolio to minimise the effects of changes in them relative to the Issuer’s financial 
and liquidity position. 
To manage risks the Issuer uses (i) the Council, (ii) the Management Board, (iii) the Assets and Liabilities 
Management Committee (the "ALMC"), (iv) the Credit Committee, (v) the Credit and Risk Management Department 
and (vi) the Assets and Liabilities Management Division, which together are responsible for devising and 
implementing the Issuer’s risk management policies, including financial, credit and market risks. The basic credit 
policy of the Issuer is set out in, and governed by, the Charter. The Issuer’s current regulations concerning its 
investment activities were adopted in 2013 (the "Investment Regulations"), a key policy and strategic document of 
the Issuer, which defines key metrics for managing its credit risks. Certain additional prudential risk policies and other 
internal regulations to manage risks are contained in the Internal Regulations, the Issuer’s investment declaration dated 
2016 (the "Investment Declaration") and the Issuer’s Risk Management Policy dated 2019. 
The Council 
The Council participates in the risk management of the Issuer by: 
 
determining the strategy of the Issuer and its lending policy; 
 
approving the Issuer’s investment projects in accordance with the Investment Regulations; and 
 
approving the annual budget. 
The Management Board 
The Management Board is responsible for the overall supervision of risk management of the Issuer, including: 
 
 
approving risk management rules, regulations and other underlying procedures for managing risk and 
interaction of the Issuer's internal departments; and 
 
approving loans and investment projects within established limits. See "The Issuer—Lending and 
Investments—General". 
 
implementing the Issuer’s strategy and ensuring that the level of risks that are deemed to be acceptable 
comply with the Issuer’s strategy; 
Assets and Liabilities Management Committee 
The overall asset and liability position of the Issuer is monitored and managed by the ALMC, which is a 
permanent collective body reporting to the Management Board. The ALMC monitors and manages the Issuer’s 
liquidity position, maturity gaps and interest income and expense in light of the current market developments. The 
ALMC is responsible for setting the Issuer’s lending rates in U.S. Dollars and other currencies, and establishing the 
range of margins to be charged to counterparties on Treasury activities. The ALMC currently has ten members. It is 
headed by the Deputy Chairman of the Management Board and also comprises three Deputy Chairmen of the

--- Page 82 ---
72 
Management Board, the Advisor to the Chairman of the Management Board, the Head of Credit and Risk Management 
Department, the Deputy Head of Credit and Risk Management Department, the Head of Accounting and Reporting 
Department, the Head of Planning and Accounting Division, the Head of the Assets and Liabilities Management 
Division. The ALMC meets regularly and at least monthly.  
Credit Committee 
The Credit Committee monitors and manages overall risk concentration by reference to borrower and reviews 
each individual loan and equity investment proposal made by the project units involved in corporate lending activity 
(the "Project Units"). The Credit Committee has, as one of its major functions, responsibility for minimising insofar 
as practicable the credit risk presented by each individual loan and equity investment proposal by carrying out a critical 
analysis of each such individual proposal. It is also a permanent collective body reporting to the Management Board. 
The Credit Committee currently has 14 members and consists of representatives of the Project Units, the Credit and 
Risk Management Department, the Assets and Liabilities Management Division, the Strategic Development Direction, 
the Legal Department and the Security and Compliance Control Department and the Accounting and Reporting 
Department. The Credit Committee is headed by the Deputy Chairman of the Management Board. 
Investment Activity Committee 
The Investment Activity Committee is a permanent collective body reporting to the Management Board. The 
Investment Activity Committee monitors and advises on the general management of the Issuer's investment portfolio. 
Credit and Risk Management Department 
The Credit and Risk Management Department is responsible for proposing risk management policies for 
approval by the Management Board. In addition, the Credit and Risk Management Department monitors the 
implementation of the Issuer’s risk management techniques, policies and guidelines and is also responsible for: 
 
analysing the credit risk of each individual investment proposal on projects and preparing recommendations 
to the Credit Committee on mitigation of associated credit risks; 
 
monitoring and administrating each investment project; 
 
analysing counterparty risk for Treasury operations and monitoring compliance with applicable internal 
limits; 
 
classifying loans and other financial assets by categories and preparing provisions for expected credit losses; 
 
conducting stress-tests of the Issuer's positions; 
 
preparing information and presenting data on risk management to the management of the Issuer. 
Assets and Liabilities Management Division 
The Assets and Liabilities Management Division is responsible for the evaluation and monitoring of interest 
rate and liquidity risk, as well as for improving methodologies for assessing and managing these types of risks. The 
Assets and Liabilities Management Division conducts gap analysis of the Issuer’s balance sheet structure in terms of 
liquidity risk and interest rate risk and prepares management reports and recommendations.

--- Page 83 ---
73 
Credit Risk 
General 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk which is the risk that a counterparty to a financial instrument will fail to 
discharge an obligation and cause the Issuer to incur a financial loss. 
The Issuer is generally exposed to credit risk through its financial assets, derivative instruments and 
contingent liabilities. At present, credit risk exposure of the Issuer is predominately concentrated within its major 
Member States – the Russian Federation and the Republic of Kazakhstan. The Management Board set the overall credit 
risk limits by determining the maximum risk exposure to a single borrower or group of borrowers. Within these limits, 
the Management Board and the Assets and Liabilities Management Committee set limits in relation to individual 
counterparties and determine the amount and structure of risk bearing assets. The exposure is monitored on a regular 
basis by the Credit and Risk Management Department to ensure compliance with these limits.  
The maximum exposure to credit risk is generally reflected in the carrying amounts of financial assets on the 
statement of financial position and unrecognised contractual commitments. The impact of possible netting of assets 
and liabilities to reduce potential credit exposure to the same counterparty is not significant.  
Financial assets are graded according to the current credit rating issued by an internationally regarded agency. 
The highest possible rating is "AAA". Investment grade financial assets have ratings from "AAA" to "BBB-". 
Financial assets which have ratings lower than "BBB-" are classed as speculative grade. 
The following tables detail the credit ratings of financial assets held by the Issuer as at the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
AA- and 
above 
From A+ to 
A- 
From BBB+ 
to BBB- 
Below BBB- 
Not  
rated 
Total 
(US$’000) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
27,919 
352,747 
270,336 
11,869 
969 
663,840 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
- 
24,096 
13 
22,634 
4,818 
51,561 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
- 
- 
346 
176,047 
9,082 
185,475 
Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
810,696 
194,785 
630,892 
542,606 
82,071 
2,261,050 
Debt securities at amortised 
cost 
- 
- 
272,742 
21,755 
- 
294,497 
Other financial assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
9,098 
9,098 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
AA- and 
above 
From A+ to 
A- 
From BBB+ 
to BBB- 
Below BBB- 
Not  
rated 
Total 
(US$’000) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
140,145 
220,353 
331,457 
68,406 
4,783 
765,144 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
- 
661 
2,759 
30 
6,567 
10,017 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
financial institutions 
34,685 
- 
- 
231,319 
294 
266,298

--- Page 84 ---
74 
Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income  
590,841 
429,135 
493,984 
482,843 
109,496 
2,106,299 
Other financial assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
10,868 
10,868 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
AA- and 
above 
From A+ to 
A- 
From BBB+ 
to BBB- 
Below BBB- 
Not  
rated 
Total 
(US$’000) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
376 
134,555 
158,768 
338,960 
8,511 
641,170 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
291 
16,878 
17,169 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
23,000 
- 
- 
212,130 
10,380 
245,510 
Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
204,746 
217,926 
176,742 
529,768 
10,159 
1,139,341 
Hedging instruments 
- 
86 
- 
- 
- 
86 
Other financial assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,842 
2,842 
 
Lending Policies and Procedures 
General 
The Management Board makes all decisions regarding the Issuer’s lending activities except where the 
approval of the Council is explicitly required by the Investment Regulations as described below. In making its decision 
on whether or not to finance a particular project and, if so, on what terms, the Investment Regulations require the 
Management Board to take into account the following financial and economic factors: 
 
Investment risk limits. Total exposure to any single borrower or a group of related borrowers may not 
exceed the equivalent of U.S.$100 million. Projects with exposure in excess of this threshold should be 
approved by the Council. 
 
Minimum levels of investment. The total exposure to an investment project generally may not be less than 
U.S.$30 million. The Management Board may accept an investment project that is less than U.S.$30 million 
if the project meets all other requirements of the Investment Regulations. 
 
Term of investment. The period for return on investment reaching 100% of the original investment may not 
exceed 15 years for any project. 
 
Minimum share of borrower’s participation in the project. Generally, the Issuer may finance only a 
maximum of 80% of any investment project, with the borrower assuming, as a rule, a minimum exposure of 
20% of the project’s overall costs. 
In addition, each proposed project must comply with and not be in contravention of the Issuer’s mission and 
strategic goals, such compliance being determined pursuant to methodology approved from time to time by the 
Management Board. See "Issuer-- Strategy". Additionally, projects must conform to the Issuer’s principles of 
investment, present acceptable credit, market and other risks and offer an acceptable return.

--- Page 85 ---
75 
Approval of the Council is required where a proposed investment project falls within one of the following 
categories: 
 
Maximum exposure risk. The total exposure to any single borrower or group of related borrowers exceeds 
the equivalent of U.S.$100 million. 
 
Material investment risk. The Issuer’s total exposure to material investment risks exceeds 300% of the 
Issuer’s regulatory capital. An investment risk is considered material if the value of investments and 
guarantees provided in favour of a single borrower or a group of related borrowers exceeds 10% of the 
Issuer’s regulatory capital. 
 
Non-member jurisdiction. The project is to be implemented in a jurisdiction outside of a Member State. 
 
Maximum Tenor. The period for return on investment reaching 100% of the original investment exceeds 15 
years. 
Loan Application Process 
At the initial stage of the Issuer’s loan application process, the Project Units and the Strategic Development 
Direction make a preliminary analysis of the proposed project and prepare their conclusions as to whether or not it 
complies with the Issuer’s mission and strategic objectives. The Security and Compliance-control Department 
conducts preliminary compliance control procedures and assesses the business reputation of the potential borrowers 
or sponsors. Further, the project concept is to be approved by one of the top managers overseeing the project. After 
preliminary clearance of a proposed project, the Project Unit submits a credit proposal to the Credit Committee, at 
which stage various divisions involved in the loan application process, including, the Legal Department, the Credit 
and Risk Management Department, the Security and Compliance-control Department, the Strategic Development 
Direction and the Assets and Liabilities Management Division, prepare credit, legal and other opinions on the proposed 
project (independently from the opinions of the Project Units). At this stage for each project the Issuer prepares a 
sensitivity analysis to macro economical and other parameters, analysis of borrowers' industries to identify if there 
could be any risks due to current or possible negative market trends. The Issuer may require confirmation of key 
project risk drivers by an independent external consulting company (such as market forecasts or technical feasibility). 
Taking into account identified risks, the Issuer evaluates financial condition of borrowers and their debt servicing 
abilities. The Credit Committee then discusses the proposed project and decides whether to pre-approve or decline 
that project. If pre-approved, the Credit Committee’s decision is then submitted to the Management Board for final 
approval, unless the final approval is to be made by the Council. The Council approves projects in cases specified in 
the Investment Regulations. See "—General". This decision making process is the same for all borrowers, irrespective 
of their industry, geographical location or type of ownership. 
Loan Terms 
Loans are approved with either fixed or variable rates of interest, depending on negotiations with the 
prospective borrowers. In addition to the interest rate, the Issuer may charge a commitment fee on any undisbursed 
amount of the approved and signed loan and a one-off, front-end fee calculated by reference to the principal amount 
of the loan. In almost all cases, depending on the expected cash flow of the project and its overall structure, the Issuer 
requires acceptable security with a discounted value covering not less than 100% of the loan amount. Typically, loans 
will be secured by a variety of collateral. See "-- Collateral Policy" 
Portfolio Supervision and Provisioning Policy 
The Credit and Risk Management Department evaluates the level of risk in connection with a loan (or project) 
both as part of the loan application process and, thereafter, pursuant to its ongoing monitoring procedures.

--- Page 86 ---
76 
From 1 January 2018, the Issuer evaluates the quality of its loans and assigns provisions in accordance with 
the IFRS 9 standard. In accordance with the requirements of IFRS 9, the Issuer applies the model of expected credit 
losses (ECL) for the purpose of creating allowance for financial assets. The key principle of ECL model is the timely 
reflection of the deterioration or improvement in the credit quality of financial assets, taking into account past 
performance, current conditions and reasonable outlook for future economic conditions.  
Within the general approach, the ECL allowance is formed on the basis of: (i) twelve months expected credit 
losses - for financial assets without evidence of significant increase in credit risk since the initial recognition; and (ii) 
lifetime expected credit losses - for financial assets with an evidence of a significant increase in credit risk from the 
time of initial recognition (also, credit-impaired assets).  
The Credit and Risk Management Department evaluates the Issuer’s loans and assigns provisions thereto on 
a quarterly basis (or more often when needed). Each loan is classified and provisioned on an individual basis. 
The Issuer has adopted an internal loan quality classification policy. Each loan is classified into one of five 
categories: 1st category (High quality loans); 2nd category (Good quality loans); 3rd category (Satisfactory quality); 
4th category (Loans under supervision); or 5th category (Loss loans).  
Classification of loans to corporate clients 
As the majority of loans to corporate clients are secured, the Issuer classifies the quality of such loans 
according to two criteria: (i) the rating of the relevant borrower; and (ii) the rating of the relevant collateral.  
The Issuer uses its own system to allocate ratings to borrowers and collateral on an individual basis. The 
Issuer calculates a borrower’s rating on the basis of numerous criteria, including the following: the key terms of the 
loan (or project); the credit and business reputation of a borrower/project sponsor; investment phase related risks; 
specifics of the borrower’s business; industry-related risks and marketing risks; the financial performance of the 
borrower; and country and environmental risks associated with the project, etc. The Issuer allocates a score for each 
of the aforementioned criteria and, based on the total score, assigns an appropriate rating to the borrower. 
The Issuer calculates the rating of collateral primarily based on the type of collateral, the liquidity of the 
collateral and the existence of any risks associated with the collateral. As with the borrower’s rating system, the Issuer 
allocates different scores for various types of collateral and its liquidity and applies coefficients to reflect the risks 
associated with such collateral. Based on the resulting score, the Issuer assigns an appropriate rating to the collateral. 
Based on a combination of the relevant borrower's rating and the rating of the associated collateral, all loans 
to corporate clients are classified into one of the five categories described above (see " -- Portfolio Supervision and 
Provisioning Policy" above). 
Classification of loans to banking and financial institutions 
Loans to banking and financial institutions are classified depending on the level of risk associated with a loan 
on the basis of the borrower's financial condition. A number of quantitative and qualitative factors relating to the 
borrower are taken into account, including asset quality, liquidity position, funding structure, capital adequacy, 
profitability, industry and country risks, and other. Based on assessment of the risk profile, loans to banking and 
financial institutions are then put into one of five categories, which are the same categories as for loans to corporate 
clients (see, " – Classification of loans to corporate clients" above). 
Provisioning for expected losses 
A loan is classified into one of three stages according to IFRS 9: 
 
Stage 1 for loans without evidence of a significant increase in credit risk since the initial recognition;

--- Page 87 ---
77 
 
Stage 2 for loans with evidence of a significant increase in credit risk since the initial recognition or 
credit-impaired financial assets; or 
 
Stage 3 for credit impaired loans.  
A number of factors are used for classification into one of the three stages, in particular overdue loan 
payments, a change in the loan quality category, a change in the external and/or internal credit rating of the borrower, 
a request for loan restructuring, cross-default, litigation and bankruptcy. 
To estimate expected credit loss, the Issuer multiplies its exposure by the probability of default and loss given 
default (the opposite of recovery rate). According to a particular stage, provisions/expected credit losses are calculated 
as: 
 
12 months expected credit losses for a Stage 1 loan; 
 
lifetime expected credit losses for a Stage 2 loan; or 
 
lifetime expected credit losses with a probability of default equal to 100% for a Stage 3 loan. 
As the primary basis of assessment, the Issuer uses an external credit rating of the borrower/issuer. Both the 
probability of default and the recovery rate are set according to data from Moody's. 
In the absence of external credit rating data for the borrower/issuer, the probability of default and loss given 
default are estimated according to historical data collected by the Issuer since 2012 and using the borrower’s internal 
ratings classification transition matrices. Matrices are based on the results of monitoring the internal ratings of each 
loan at the beginning and end of each quarter. An average and average-weighted matrices of loan movement between 
quality stages are determined based on annual matrices. Probability of default and loss given default are estimated 
using a Markov chain process to the average-weighted matrix of loan movement between quality stages. Exposure at 
default can be reduced by the sum of collateral if the value of collateral is not expected to change in case of a default 
of the borrower/issuer and can be sold independently. 
Collateral Policy 
Each loan or guarantee provided by the Issuer must be adequately secured unless an exception is granted by 
the Management Board. 
The Issuer’s collateral policy generally allows for the use of the following types of collateral: 
 
pledge of assets or property rights; 
 
third party suretyships or guarantees; 
 
guarantee deposits; and 
 
insurance against non-payment by a borrower. 
In accordance with the Issuer’s collateral policy, collateral is categorised as either highly liquid, liquid, 
acceptably liquid, or low liquid. In certain cases, the Issuer may accept future assets that may be generated during the 
term of the loan (or project) and pledged as collateral. 
As a general rule, the Issuer obtains appraisals on collateral from independent licensed appraisers that are 
approved by the Issuer. Based on the internal appraisal procedures, the Issuer re-evaluates pledged inventories on a 
quarterly basis and other types of pledged properties on an annual basis. In addition, the borrower must insure pledged 
collateral with an approved insurance company for the benefit of the Issuer. The Issuer performs on-site inspections 
of collateral at least once every twelve months.

--- Page 88 ---
78 
The Issuer may also accept third party guarantees or suretyships as security for a loan (or project), having 
considered the financial condition of the guarantor. 
The Issuer may also have a recourse to the federal or regional budgets of the Member States within public 
private partnerships. In certain projects, the Member States guarantee a certain level of revenue of a project company 
(through setting tariffs on the market or compensation of revenue shortfalls) or minimum internal rate of return on 
investments made by the Issuer. These risk mitigating structures are considered as part of risk assessment procedures. 
Risks of treasury operations 
The Issuer manages its treasury portfolio in accordance with its Investment Declaration and the market and 
liquidity risks management rules dated 18 November 2020 (the "Market and Liquidity Risks Management Rules"). 
The Investment Declaration and the Market and Liquidity Risks Management Rules together with the other Internal 
Regulations, set forth the structure and principles of the formation of the treasury portfolio. The main goals in 
managing the treasury portfolio are: 
 
preserving value of the Issuer’s capital; 
 
maintaining an adequate level of the Issuers’ liquidity; and 
 
proper diversification of investments in the treasury portfolio. 
 
In order to form the treasury portfolio, the Issuer may invest in securities, make reverse repurchase 
transactions with approved securities, place deposits, enter into derivative contracts and perform other transactions. 
The Issuer is generally restricted from investments in securities rated below ВВ-\Ва3\ВВ- or the equivalent 
assigned by Fitch, Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s, respectively, or under guaranteed by guarantors with respective 
ratings. Upon the resolution of the Management Board, the Issuer may invest in sovereign securities issued by the 
Member States with credit rating not less than В-\В3\В- assigned by Fitch Ratings, Moody’s Investors Service or S&P 
Global Ratings, respectively.  
The Issuer is generally restricted from investments in securities rated below ВВ-\Ва3\ВВ- or the equivalent 
assigned by Fitch, Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s, respectively, or under guaranteed by guarantors with respective 
ratings. Upon the resolution of the Management Board, the Issuer may invest in sovereign securities issued by the 
Member States with credit rating not less than В-\В3\В- assigned by Fitch, Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s, 
respectively.  
The maximum term of any one deposit (inter-bank credit) or a reverse repurchase transactions is determined 
by the ALMC on a case-by-case basis within established limits. 
Derivatives (including forwards, currency swaps, interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements, options, 
futures or any combination of the foregoing) may be used for full or partial hedging, reducing the effect of market 
risks or open positions (including short positions), subject to the restrictions imposed by the Investment Declaration 
and other Internal Regulations. 
In accordance with the Market and Liquidity Risks Management Rules, specific groups of limits are applied 
to manage and mitigate treasury portfolio devaluation risks. These groups of limits comprise structural limits, 
operational limits, indicative limits and limits for individual counterparties] 
Structural limits include the following limits approved by the Management Board: 
 
Limits for the composition of securities portfolio; 
 
Limits for money market operations;

--- Page 89 ---
79 
 
Limits for highly liquid portions of the treasury portfolio; 
 
Limits for transactions involving precious metals; 
 
Limits for derivatives; and 
 
Limits for the maximum share of a security in the total issue volume. 
Operational limits include the following limits approved by the ALMC: 
 
Limits for operations with different financial instruments; 
 
Term limits for different financial instruments (e.g., maturities for reverse repurchase transactions, interbank 
deposits/loans and debt securities); and  
Indicative limits include the following limits approved by the ALMC; 
 
VaR limits, DV01 limits; and 
 
EVE limits. 
Limits for individual counterparties include limits for the volume of transactions, maximum maturity period 
and other parameters. 
The Issuer implements this broad system of limits to control risks in relation to its operations and revises the 
limits periodically. 
The following table presents the financial assets that comprise the Issuer’s treasury portfolio as at the date 
indicated: 
 
As at  
31 December 
2020 
 
(U.S.$’000) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
663,840 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
46,743 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
 
294,497 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
1,629,142 
Total 
 
2,634,222 
 
Liquidity Risk Management 
The Issuer defines liquidity risk as the possibility of financial losses caused by an insufficiency of funds to 
fulfil its obligations in a timely manner. 
Liquidity risk arises in the general funding of the Issuer’s financing and investment activities and in the 
management of positions. This risk involves both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding the Issuer's 
portfolio of assets for given maturities and rates and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner 
on reasonable terms. Liquidity management seeks to ensure that, even under adverse conditions, the Issuer has access 
to the funds necessary to satisfy customer needs, maturing liabilities and the capital requirements of its operations. 
The Issuer maintains liquid assets at prudential levels to ensure that cash can quickly be made available to 
honour all of its obligations, even under adverse conditions. The ALMC is primarily responsible for the management 
of liquidity risk and the liquidity profile of the Issuer.

--- Page 90 ---
80 
The Council sets the minimum level of liquid assets in the treasury portfolio which, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, is not less than 1-year projected net loan disbursements (loans disbursed less repayments and tied 
financing) if greater than zero, plus the annual cost of financial debt. This limit is reviewed on a quarterly basis. 
The amount of liquid assets in the treasury portfolio is the sum of assets in the treasury portfolio less: (a) 
derivative financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, (b) hedge instruments, (c) assets that are 
deemed to be illiquid, (d) treasury liabilities and (e) deposits from customers.  
The monitoring of liquidity risk is done by the Issuer on a continuous basis. The ALMC manages this risk 
through an analysis of asset and liability maturity. The Assets and Liabilities Management Division of the Issuer 
monitors liquidity indicators and conducts gap analysis taking in consideration possible changes in a composition of 
assets and liabilities of the Issuer. Such analysis is conducted on a semi-monthly basis and is reviewed in ALMC 
meetings. Based on the results of these reviews, ALMC makes decisions on liquidity risk management, including 
decisions to borrow funds on financial markets. 
The following tables contain an analysis of the Issuer’s liquidity and interest rate risks based on the expected re-
pricing characteristics of its assets and liabilities as at the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
Weighted 
average 
effective 
interest rate 
Up to 
1 month 
1 month to 
3 months 
3 months to 
1 year 
1 year to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
Total 
FINANCIAL ASSETS: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
1.11% 
512,475 
15,006 
- 
- 
- 
527,481 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
 
5.41% 
3,539 
12,316 
94,191 
75,429 
- 
185,475 
Loans to customers 
 
6.13% 
105,659 
240,180 
200,544 1,191,855 
360,460 
2,098,698 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
 
3.86% 
311,012 
499,734 
229,332 
781,827 
439,145 
2,261,050 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
 
2.01% 
10,881 
472 
1,102 
160,209 
121,833 
294,497 
Total interest bearing financial 
assets 
 
943,566 
767,708 
525,169 2,209,320 
921,438 
5,367,201 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 
136,359 
- 
- 
- 
- 
136,359 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 
 
393 
27,452 
- 
23,716 
- 
51,561 
Other financial assets 
 
 
- 
- 
9,098 
- 
- 
9,098 
Total financial assets 
 1,080,318 
795,160 
534,267 2,233,036 
921,438 
5,564,219 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
 
2.81% 
173,378 
99,897 
10,728 1,069,076 
207,033 
1,560,112 
Deposits from customers 
 
5.02% 
196,262 
9,771 
120,800 
61,824 
2,941 
391,598 
Debt securities issued(1)  
 
6.81% 
6,439 
78,227 
362,672 1,272,214 
- 
1,719,552 
Other financial liabilities 
 
2.09% 
59 
499 
1,571 
1,942 
- 
4,071 
Total interest bearing financial 
liabilities 
 
376,138 
188,394 
495,771 2,405,056 
209,974 
3,675,333 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
3,800 
1,201 
- 
- 
- 
5,001 
Other financial liabilities 
 
61 
- 
3,384 
- 
- 
3,445 
Total financial liabilities 
 
379,999 
189,595 
499,155 2,405,056 
209,974 
3,683,779 
Liquidity gap 
 
700,319 
605,565 
35,112 
(172,020) 
711,464

--- Page 91 ---
81 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Weighted 
average 
effective 
interest 
rate 
Up to 1 
month 
1 month 
to 3 
months 
3 months 
to 1 year 
1 year to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
Total 
 
(US$’000 unless otherwise indicated) 
FINANCIAL ASSETS: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
3.60% 
735,092 
- 
- 
- 
- 
735,092 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
 
6.78% 
3,822 
14,569 
141,082 
106,825 
- 
266,298 
Loans to customers 
 
7.63% 
51,704 
169,836 
222,122 1,227,887 
288,455 
1,960,004 
Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
 
4.94% 
476,890 
376,475 
326,658 
333,574 
592,702 
2,106,299 
Total interest bearing financial 
assets 
 
 1,267,508 
560,880 
689,862 1,668,286 
881,157 
5,067,693 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 
30,052 
- 
- 
- 
- 
30,052 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
 
30 
9,652 
335 
 
- 
10,017 
Other financial assets 
 
 
- 
- 
10,868 
- 
- 
10,868 
Total financial assets 
 
 1,297,590 
570,532 
701,065 1,668,286 
881,157 
5,118,630 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
 
3.71% 
245,482 
12,771 
18,709 
334,608 
128,905 
740,475 
Deposits from customers 
 
5.00% 
216,187 
29,251 
16,350 
25,267 
10,289 
297,344 
Debt securities issued(1)  
 
7.21% 
176,177 
77,098 
588,990 1,367,063 
- 
2,209,328 
Other financial liabilities  
 
3.68% 
- 
- 
2,370 
4,597 
- 
6,967 
Total interest bearing financial 
liabilities 
 
 
637,846 
119,120 
626,419 1,731,535 
139,194 
3,254,114 
Financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
 
716 
2,053 
6,877 
17,309 
- 
26,955 
Hedge instruments 
 
 
- 
- 
1,616 
- 
- 
1,616 
Other financial liabilities 
 
 
157 
- 
2,730 
- 
- 
2,887 
Total financial liabilities 
 
 
638,719 
121,173 
637,642 1,748,844 
139,194 
3,285,572 
Liquidity gap 
 
 
658,871 
449,359 
63,423 
(80,558) 
741,963 
 
(1) 
The maturity of debt securities issued is taken according to next put option dates (if any).

--- Page 92 ---
82 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
Weighted 
average 
effective 
interest 
rate 
Up to 1 
month 
1 month 
to 
3 
months 
3 months 
to 1 year 
1 year to 
5 years 
Over 
5 years 
Total 
 
(US$’000 unless otherwise indicated) 
FINANCIAL ASSETS: 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
3.10% 
602,393 
- 
- 
- 
- 
602,393 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
 
7.15% 
3,178 
13,341 
101,510 
127,481 
- 
245,510 
Loans to customers 
 
8.59% 
37,596 
44,107 
340,984 
967,556 
260,047 
1,650,290 
Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
 
4.62% 
234,673 
4,273 
246,796 
321,795 
331,804 
1,139,341 
Total interest bearing financial 
assets 
 
 
877,840 
61,721 
689,290 1,416,832 
591,851 
3,637,534 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 
38,777 
- 
- 
- 
- 
38,777 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
 
- 
- 
291 
16,878 
- 
17,169 
Hedge instruments 
 
 
- 
- 
86 
- 
- 
86 
Other financial assets  
 
 
- 
- 
2,842 
- 
- 
2,842 
Total financial assets 
 
 
916,617 
61,721 
692,509 1,433,710 
591,851 
3,696,408 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
 
3.64% 
67,011 
32,686 
53,382 
66,339 
23,513 
242,931 
Deposits from customers 
 
4.62% 
106,704 
7,877 
62,564 
- 
- 
177,145 
Debt securities issued 
 
7.42% 
10,652 
13,735 
132,331 1,369,068 
- 
1,525,786 
Total interest bearing financial 
liabilities 
 
 
184,367 
54,298 
248,277 1,435,407 
23,513 
1,945,862 
Financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
 
999 
543 
1,787 
- 
- 
3,329 
Hedge instruments 
 
 
- 
- 
521 
- 
- 
521 
Other financial liabilities 
 
 
47 
- 
2,720 
- 
- 
2,767 
Total financial liabilities 
 
 
185,413 
54,841 
253,305 1,435,407 
23,513 
1,952,479 
Liquidity gap 
 
 
731,204 
6,880 
439,204 
(1,697) 
568,338 
A further analysis of liquidity and interest rate risks is presented in the following tables, which were prepared 
in accordance with IFRS 7. The amounts disclosed in these tables do not correspond to the amounts recorded on the 
statements of financial position contained in the Financial Statements because the presentation below includes a 
maturity analysis for financial liabilities that includes the total remaining contractual payments (including interest 
payments) which are not recognised in such statements of financial position under the effective interest rate method. 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
Up to  
1 month 
1 month to 
3 months 
3 months to 
1 year 
1 year to 5 
years 
Over  
5 years 
Total 
(US$’000) 
FINANCIAL 
LIABILITIES:

--- Page 93 ---
83 
Loans and deposits from 
banks 
 
173,843 
104,689 
28,479 
1,160,135 
229,836 
1,696,982 
Financial liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss  
3,800 
1,201 
- 
- 
- 
5,001 
Deposits from customers 
 
197,126 
11,591 
128,038 
68,153 
4,540 
409,448 
Debt securities issued 
 
7,163 
86,488 
433,279 
1,398,606 
- 
1,925,536 
Other financial liabilities 
 
120 
499 
4,956 
2,032 
- 
7,607 
Total financial liabilities 
382,052 
204,468 
594,752 
2,628,926 
234,376 
4,044,574 
Contingent 
liabilities 
and 
credit commitments, gross 
 
33,923 
46,802 
152,735 
1,173,967 
51,766 
1,459,193 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Up to  
1 month 
1 month to 
3 months 
3 months to 
1 year 
1 year to 5 
years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
(US$’000) 
FINANCIAL 
LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from 
banks 
 
246,689 
14,083 
22,153 
396,020 
143,166 
822,111 
Financial liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 
716 
2,053 
6,877 
17,309 
- 
26,955 
Deposits from customers 
 
216,732 
29,809 
18,183 
30,749 
11,890 
307,363 
Debt securities issued 
 
176,177 
77,098 
657,002 
1,592,400 
- 
2,502,677 
Hedge instruments 
 
- 
- 
1,616 
- 
- 
1,616 
Other financial liabilities 
 
157 
- 
5,100 
4,863 
- 
10,120 
Total financial liabilities 
 
640,471 
123,043 
710,931 
2,041,341 
155,056 
3,670,842 
Contingent 
liabilities 
and 
credit commitments, gross 
 
116,411 
199,455 
844,570 
304,959 
- 
1,465,395 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
Up to  
1 month 
1 month  
to 
3 months 
3 months to 
1 year 
1 year  
to 
5 years 
Over  
5 years 
Total 
(US$’000) 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
67,057 
34,228 
56,039 
72,413 
26,243 
255,980 
Financial liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 
999 
543 
1,787 
- 
- 
3,329 
Deposits from customers 
 
106,734 
7,981 
64,259 
- 
- 
178,974 
Debt securities issued 
 
11,568 
23,695 
201,201 
1,541,310 
- 
1,777,774 
Hedge instruments 
 
- 
- 
521 
- 
- 
521 
Other financial liabilities 
 
47 
- 
2,720 
- 
- 
2,767 
Total financial liabilities 
 
186,405 
66,447 
326,527 
1,613,723 
26,243 
2,219,345 
Contingent 
liabilities 
and 
credit commitments, gross 
 
73,395 
333,945 
595,538 
258,399 
- 
1,261,277

--- Page 94 ---
84 
The Issuer plans to manage its net negative maturity position through the issuance of debt securities and other 
borrowings. As an additional measure of liquidity the Issuer may sell certain financial assets at fair value through 
profit or other comprehensive income. 
Market Risk Management 
Market risk covers interest rate risk, currency and pricing risks. The Management Board has approved risk 
management policies and limits which are used to measure, monitor and control exposure to market risk. The Credit 
and Risk Management Department and the Assets Liabilities and Management Division ensure compliance with these 
policies and limits. In order to measure pricing and currency risks, the Issuer uses a Value-at-Risk (VAR) 
methodology.  
The principal instruments for market risk management are based on the general practice of banks and financial 
institutions and comprise: 
 
System of limits. The Issuer has set certain limits for, among other things, Treasury portfolio structure, open 
currency positions, deal terms and "haircuts". 
 
Value-at-Risk. The Issuer conducts Value-at-Risk analysis two times per month on the basis of historical 
data with a confidence level of 99%, a holding period of 10 days and a minimum historic interval of 250 
days. 
 
Stress Testing. The Issuer carries out stress testing of different factors to assess the possible impact on its 
financial position in several scenarios. 
Interest Rate Risk Management 
The Issuer defines interest rate risk as the possibility of financial losses arising from changes in market 
interest rates which adversely affect its balance and off-balance positions.  
The Issuer’s interest rate risk management activities aim to enhance profitability by limiting the effect of 
adverse interest rate movements and increase net interest income by managing interest rate exposure. The Issuer uses 
interest rate gap analysis and Economic Value of Equity ("EVE") methods to determine its exposure to interest rate 
risk. 
The ALMC manages interest rate risk through the management of the interest-sensitive asset and liability 
positions of the Issuer, and controls risk from changes in market interest rates through setting limits on the maximum 
amount of interest rate risk acceptable to the Issuer. The Issuer’s Assets and Liabilities Management Division monitors 
interest rate risk, estimates the sensitivity of the Issuer in relation to changes in interest rates and the influence of 
changes in interest rates on the net profit of the Issuer. 
The following table presents a sensitivity analysis in relation to interest rate risk, showing the impact of a 
plus or minus 3% change, as the case may be, in the average interest rate (applicable to the Issuer’s funding and 
lending rates) on the Issuer’s net profit, based on asset accounting values as at the dates indicated:

--- Page 95 ---
85 
 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Interest  
rate 
+3% 
Interest 
rate 
-3% 
Interest  
rate 
+3% 
Interest 
rate 
-3% 
Interest  
rate 
+3% 
Interest 
rate 
-3% 
(US$’000) 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to 
financial institutions 
 
3,926 
(3,926) 
875 
(875) 
468 
(468) 
Loans to customers  
 
42,980 
(42,980) 
33,245 
(33,245) 
21,700 
(21,700) 
Liabilities:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from 
banks 
 
(7,269) 
7,269 
(9,458) 
9,458 
(3,262) 
3,262 
Net impact on net profit and 
equity 
 
39,637 
(39,637) 
24,662 
(24,662) 
18,906 
(18,906) 
The following table presents a sensitivity analysis in relation to interest rate risk, showing the impact of a 
plus or minus 3% change, as the case may be, in the average interest rate (applicable to the Issuer’s funding and 
lending rates) on the Issuer’s equity based on asset accounting values as at the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Interest  
rate 
+3% 
Interest rate 
-3% 
Interest  
rate 
+3% 
Interest 
rate 
-3% 
Interest  
rate 
+3% 
Interest 
rate 
-3% 
(US$’000) 
Assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
 
(55,057) 
65,777 
(152,084) 
182,007 
(111,315) 
122,126 
Net impact on equity 
 
(55,057) 
65,777 
(152,084) 
182,007 
(111,315) 
122,126 
The computation of prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes is based on numerous 
assumptions, including relative levels of interest rates, asset prepayments and changes in liability pricing as a result 
of changes in general market rates. Further, the computation does not take into account any actions that the Issuer may 
undertake in response to changes in interest rates. Accordingly, such computation should not be relied upon as 
indicative of actual results. In order to assist the Issuer in computing the effects of hypothetical interest rate changes, 
in 2012 the Issuer introduced two interest rate risk management tools: 
 
the EVE tool, in order to help the Issuer assess its interest risk by calculating the Issuer’s EVE (the 
difference between the net present value of all of the Issuer’s future assets and all of the Issuer’s future 
liabilities); and 
 
an interest rate gap analysis tool that applies data regarding the distribution of the Issuer’s interest rate 
sensitive assets and liabilities over selected future time periods and estimates the mismatches, if any, 
between the interest rates earned on the Issuer’s assets and the interest rates payable on the Issuer’s 
liabilities during those time periods. 
The Issuer has a policy aimed at minimising interest rate mismatches between its assets and liabilities and/or 
hedges interest rate risk by entering into derivative contracts.

--- Page 96 ---
86 
Currency Risk Management  
The Issuer defines currency risk as the possibility of financial losses which may arise from adverse changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The Issuer is exposed to the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing foreign currency 
exchange rates based on its financial position and cash flows. 
The Issuer’s risk management policies seek to minimise currency exposures by requiring net liabilities in any 
one currency to be matched closely with net assets in the same currency. This is achieved primarily by holding or 
lending the proceeds of its borrowings in the currencies in which they were borrowed. In practice, the Issuer also 
utilises various types of derivative instruments (such as cross currency swaps, foreign exchange swaps and forwards) 
to mitigate against its foreign currency risks and in order to avoid currency mismatches between its funding and 
lending activities. Derivatives may be used for full or partial hedging, reducing the effect of market risks or open 
positions, subject to the restrictions imposed by the Investment Declaration and other Internal Regulations. 
The maximum amount of any currency position of the Issuer is set by the Management Board and may not 
exceed 10% of the Issuer’s regulatory capital (calculated using the Basel II standardised approach which as at 31 
December 2020 was U.S.$1,864 million) in any one currency or 20% in all currencies. The Credit and Risk 
Management Department reviews compliance with the limits on a daily basis. The Treasury Department manages the 
currency risk on a daily basis. ALMC conducts general management. 
The following table presents the Issuer’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk as at the date 
indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
U.S. 
Dollars 
Tenge 
Rouble 
Euro 
Other 
currencies 
Total 
 
(U.S.$’000) 
Financial assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ..... 
470,865 
31,411 
51,722 
21,796 
88,046 
663,840 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
51,561 
- 
- 
- 
- 
51,561 
Loans 
and 
advances 
to 
financial institutions 
 
63,577 
24,820 
48,367 
48,711 
- 
185,475 
Loans to customers 
 
174,484 
333,040 
622,087 
969,087 
- 
2,098,698 
Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
 
1,227,788 
583,443 
165,584 
93,507 
190,728 
2,261,050 
Debt securities at amortised 
cost 
 
259,264 
- 
- 
35,233 
- 
294,497 
Investments in associates 
 
17,260 
- 
- 
- 
- 
17,260 
Other financial assets 
 
4,260 
1,163 
131 
3,477 
67 
9,098 
Total financial assets 
 
2,269,059 
973,877 
887,891 
1,171,811 
278,841 
5,581,479 
Financial liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
177,222 
273,073 
153,148 
728,306 
228,363 
1,560,112 
Financial liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 
4,495 
- 
506 
- 
- 
5,001 
Deposits from customers 
 
111,781 
211,917 
43,235 
24,665 
- 
391,598 
Debt securities issued 
 
611,968 
482,899 
624,685 
- 
- 
1,719,552 
Other financial liabilities 
 
1,351 
609 
4,975 
443 
138 
7,516 
Total financial liabilities 
 
906,817 
968,498 
826,549 
753,414 
228,501 
3,683,779

--- Page 97 ---
87 
Open Balance Sheet Position 
1,362,242 
5,379 
61,342 
418,397 
50,340 
1,897,700 
Contingent liabilities and 
credit commitments, gross 
 
431,561 
79,772 
546,297 
382,147 
19,416 
1,459,193 
 
The fair value of derivative financial instruments, spot contracts and hedge instruments (currency swaps and 
forwards) are included in the currency information presented in the table above. The following table presents a further 
analysis of currency risk by types of derivative financial instruments and spot contracts as at the date indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
U.S. 
Dollars 
Tenge 
Rouble 
Euro 
Other 
currencies 
Total 
 
(U.S.$’000) 
Accounts payable on spot and 
derivative contracts 
 
(2,000) 
(95) 
(196,339) 
(420,755) 
(236,816) 
(856,005) 
Accounts receivable on spot 
and derivative contracts 
 
587,905 
- 
101,509 
- 
186,149 
875,563 
Net spot and derivative 
financial 
instruments 
position  
 
585,905 
(95) 
(94,830) 
(420,755) 
(50,667) 
19,558 
Total Open Position 
 
1,948,147 
5,284 
(33,488) 
(2,358) 
(327) 
 
 
Currency Risk Sensitivity 
The following tables indicate the impact of specified plus or minus 15% changes in certain currency exchange rates 
on net profit and equity based on asset values as at the dates indicated: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
U.S.$/ 
RUB 
+15% 
U.S.$/ 
RUB 
-15% 
U.S.$/ 
RUB 
+15% 
U.S.$/ 
RUB 
-15% 
U.S.$/ 
RUB 
+15% 
U.S.$/ 
RUB 
-15% 
 
(U.S.$’000) 
Impact on net profit 
 
(5,023) 
5,023 
751 
(751) 
311 
(311) 
Impact on equity 
 
(5,023) 
5,023 
751 
(751) 
311 
(311) 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
U.S.$/ 
KZT 
+15% 
U.S.$/ 
KZT 
-15% 
U.S.$/ 
KZT 
+15% 
U.S.$/ 
KZT 
-15% 
U.S.$/ 
KZT 
+15% 
U.S.$/ 
KZT 
-15% 
 
(U.S.$’000) 
Impact on net profit 
 
793 
(793) 
(602) 
602 
379 
(379) 
Impact on equity 
 
793 
(793) 
(602) 
602 
379 
(379)

--- Page 98 ---
88 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
U.S.$/ 
EUR 
+10% 
U.S.$/ 
EUR 
-10% 
U.S.$/ 
EUR 
+10% 
U.S.$/ 
EUR 
-10% 
U.S.$/ 
EUR 
+10% 
U.S.$/ 
EUR 
-10% 
 
(U.S.$’000) 
Impact on net profit 
 
(236) 
236 
263 
(263) 
443 
(443) 
Impact on equity 
 
(236) 
236 
263 
(263) 
443 
(443) 
The above analysis has limitations and is based on certain assumptions. In particular, the sensitivity analysis 
does not take into consideration that the Issuer's assets and liabilities are actively managed. The analysis is devoted 
solely to a change in the currency exchange rates while there is a correlation between a change in exchange rates and 
other factors. 
Geographic Concentration 
The following tables set out certain information relating to the Issuer’s assets and liabilities by geographical 
location. In presenting geographical information, the allocation of the Issuer’s loans to customers, loans and advances 
to financial institutions and the related interest income is based on the geographical location of the relevant customers 
and banks; the allocation of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and the related interest 
income is based on the domicile of the respective issuers (for example, the material amount of U.S. Treasury securities 
are allocated to the United States); the allocation of bonds issued and the related interest expense is based on the 
geographical location of the stock exchange on which the relevant securities are admitted to trading; the allocation of 
loans from banks and the related interest expense is based on the domicile of the relevant bank and the allocation of 
losses or gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and foreign exchange transactions is based on the 
domicile of the Issuer’s counterparties.  
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
Russia 
Kazakhstan 
Belarus 
Other 
Member 
States 
Non-
member 
states 
Total 
 
(US$’000) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
206,714 
84,297 
145 
378 
372,306 
663,840 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
27,465 
- 
- 
- 
24,096 
51,561 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
 
78,501 
24,474 
42,108 
40,392 
- 
185,475 
Loans to customers 
 
889,196 
651,734 
557,768 
- 
- 
2,098,698 
Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
 
528,341 
682,113 
31,958 
13,157 
1,005,481 
2,261,050 
Debt securities at amortised cost
 
 
258,838 
35,659 
- 
- 
- 
294,497 
Investments in associates 
 
17,236 
24 
- 
- 
- 
17,260 
Property, 
equipment 
and 
intangible assets 
 
498 
10,698 
9 
49 
- 
11,254 
Other assets 
 
9,039 
2,027 
498 
293 
4,183 
16,040 
Total assets 
 
2,015,828 
1,491,026 
632,486 
54,269 
1,406,066 
5,599,675 
Total liabilities 
 
743,561 
1,088,259 
769 
11,800 
1,873,148 
3,717,537

--- Page 99 ---
89 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Russia 
Kazakhstan 
Belarus 
Other 
Member 
States 
Non-
member 
states 
Total 
 
(US$’000) 
Cash and cash equivalents  
345,908 
19,825 
13,580 
146 
385,685 
765,144 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
6,567 
2,759 
- 
30 
661 
10,017 
Loans and advances to 
financial institutions 
 
78,495 
60,505 
84,204 
43,094 
- 
266,298 
Loans to customers 
 
1,044,024 
704,256 
192,589 
19,135 
- 
1,960,004 
Financial assets at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive income 
 
463,513 
591,370 
15,359 
15,567 
1,020,490 
2,106,299 
Investments in associates 
 
20,131 
- 
- 
- 
- 
20,131 
Property, equipment and 
intangible assets 
 
462 
11,518 
13 
64 
- 
12,057 
Other assets 
 
8,072 
2,480 
124 
471 
9,667 
20,814 
Total assets 
 
1,967,172 
1,392,713 
305,869 
78,507 
1,416,503 
5,160,764 
Total liabilities 
 
1,139,959 
997,061 
174 
5,288 
1,168,286 
3,310,768 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
Russia 
Kazakhstan 
Belarus 
Other 
Member 
States 
Non-member 
states 
Total 
 
(US$’000) 
Cash and cash equivalents  
420,943 
41,601 
128 
196 
178,302 
641,170 
Financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
17,169 
- 
- 
- 
- 
17,169 
Loans and advances to 
financial institutions  
67,912 
49,212 
74,536 
53,850 
- 
245,510 
Loans to customers 
 
834,539 
675,607 
138,826 
1,318 
- 
1,650,290 
Financial assets at fair value 
through 
other 
comprehensive income 
 
525,153 
187,405 
- 
4,111 
422,672 
1,139,341 
Hedge instruments 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
86 
86 
Property, equipment and 
intangible assets 
 
385 
11,851 
2 
66 
- 
12,304 
Other assets 
 
2,687 
1,667 
25 
28 
189 
4,596 
Total assets 
 
1,868,788 
967,343 
213,517 
59,569 
601,249 
3,710,466 
Total liabilities 
 
530,192 
718,674 
11 
4,009 
719,600 
1,972,486 
 
Operational Risk Management 
In 2009, the Issuer adopted operational risk management rules which were subsequently amended in 2014. 
These rules establish procedures for classification, assessment and management of the following operational risks 
which include:

--- Page 100 ---
90 
 
risk of illegal activities, wilful misconduct and abuses by the Issuer’s personnel; 
 
risk of fraudulent actions by third parties; 
 
risk of nonconformity of internal regulations and processes with the medium-term and current goals of the 
Issuer; 
 
risk of malfunction or poor performance of the Issuer’s information technology systems; 
 
risk of miscommunication between the Issuer’s personnel or misuse of information by the Issuer’s personnel; 
 
risk of interference with the Issuer’s activity by factors beyond the Issuer’s control; 
 
risk of security violations of the Issuer’s property; 
 
risk of signing legal agreements which are incomplete, insufficient or otherwise unenforceable; and 
 
risk of changes to legislation. 
In order to assess operational risks, the Issuer uses databases that store the Issuer’s statistical data from all 
departments and contain information on events presenting operational risks that were identified and their cost to the 
Issuer. This information is gathered, consolidated and assessed on a quarterly basis. Additionally, forward looking 
questioning of operational risks of all of the Issuer’s departments is conducted. The operational risks report is reviewed 
by the ALMC at least once a year. 
The Issuer implements the following procedures to manage operational risks: 
 
adoption and updating of internal regulations governing the Issuer’s activity and establishing allocation of 
responsibilities, internal compliance procedures and avoidance of conflicts of interest; 
 
application of a personnel management policy designed to encourage compliance with high ethical and 
professional standards; 
 
establishment of limitations on operational powers of employees; 
 
establishment of communication channels to ensure prompt risk detection and alerts; 
 
updating the Issuer's business continuity regulation; 
 
maintenance of external and internal information security; 
 
maintenance of physical security of the Issuer’s property; 
 
setting of limitations on treasury operations; and 
 
transfer of risks to third parties through the insurance of its risks and property or the outsourcing of certain 
operations.

--- Page 101 ---
91 
THE ISSUER 
Introduction and Overview 
The Issuer, an international development bank established by the Russian Federation and the Republic of 
Kazakhstan on 12 January 2006 under the Establishing Agreement, commenced its operations on 16 June 2006. The 
Issuer was established with the strategic goal of promoting the development of a market economy in the Member 
States, facilitating regional economic development, and promoting cooperation and economic integration among its 
Member States. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has six Member States: the Russian Federation, the Republic 
of Kazakhstan, the Republic of Belarus, the Republic of Tajikistan, the Republic of Armenia and the Kyrgyz Republic. 
Any interested states and international organisations sharing the Issuer’s objectives may apply to become a member 
of the Issuer. The Issuer encourages all states and international organisations to apply for membership. New members 
are accepted pursuant to the Issuer's regulation under the resolution of the Council. All Member States have equal 
status. Although the Issuer's obligations, including those arising in connection with the Notes, are not guaranteed by 
any Member State, the Issuer believes that its constitutive status affords it strong political support from the 
governments of the Member States. Prior to joining the Issuer, senior managers of the Issuer often occupied leading 
positions in the governments and major financial institutions of the Member States. The Council comprises current 
ministers of the Member States and their deputies or other authorised representatives of the Member States. 
One of the Issuer’s primary functions is to provide financing for large infrastructure projects in the Member 
States, which it implements through the provision of loans and debt financing to private and public entities, guarantees, 
trade finance, participation in public-private partnership projects, providing investment consulting, and providing 
other financial instruments. The Issuer seeks to ensure that all of the projects that it funds are financially viable. The 
Issuer does not engage in providing loans which have lower interest rates and/or longer repayment periods than 
standard market loans (concessional lending). 
In order to promote the development of international trade between the Member States, beginning in 2018 
the Issuer established correspondent relations with the central banks of the Member States and started processing 
customer payments and providing clearing services in the currencies of Member States, U.S. Dollars and Euros. This 
new business line has allowed the Issuer to expand its customer base and obtain funding in the form of current accounts 
and customer deposits, which can be used as additional sources of liquidity and funding for the Issuer's current 
operations. As of 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Issuer had total deposits from customers in the amount of US$391.6 
million and US$297.3 million, respectively.  
The Issuer cooperates with various international organisations, including participating as an observer at the 
General Assembly of the United Nations, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development Board, the 
International Investment Bank and the Eurasian Group on Combating Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism 
(EAG), the status of which allows the Issuer to participate in plenary meetings without having the right to vote. The Issuer 
has executed a memorandum with the EEU. The Issuer develops cooperation with regional integration unions (in addition 
to the EEU, the Issuer cooperates with the CIS and Shanghai Cooperation Organisation), UN institutions (such as the 
United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Industrial Development Organisation, the Food and 
Agricultural Organisation, the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe, the Economic and Social Commission 
for Asia and the Pacific and United Nations Environmental Programme) and international development institutions (such 
as the World Bank, the International Financial Corporation, the Asian Development Bank, the Asian Infrastructure 
Investment Bank, the New Development Bank, the Black Sea Trade and Development Bank, the International Investment 
Bank, the Russian-Kyrgyz Development Fund, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the 
European Investment Bank) through the joint financing of projects, information exchange and the implementation of best 
practices of corporate governance. The Issuer is also cooperating with the Global Infrastructure Facility, the Global 
Infrastructure Hub and the Global Infrastructure Connectivity Alliance. The Issuer has also been engaged to administer

--- Page 102 ---
92 
the Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development. See "—Management and Consulting Services—Eurasian Fund for 
Stabilisation and Development". An important input to development investment in the Member States has become the 
linking of the Belt and Road Initiative, which was announced in 2015 and envisages a framework for enhancing 
connectivity and cooperation along major economic corridors and infrastructure networks in Eurasia and the EEU. This, 
in turn, may provide a platform for developing intraregional and interregional investment projects and joint initiatives of 
various scale that the Issuer may be in a position to consider in accordance with an established investment mandate and 
guidelines, also in co-financing initiatives that may include private and public entities, multilateral banks and other 
development partners. Between 2017 and 2020, the Issuer financed a number of infrastructure projects connecting 
Eurasian countries, thereby enhancing their transport networks. See "— Principal Projects" for more detail. In 2020, the 
OECD recognised the Issuer as a multilateral financial institution and assigned it Risk Category 4 and Buyer Risk 
Category SOV/CC0, affirming relatively low credit risk of the Issuer for export credit. Risk categories assigned by OECD 
are used for setting interest rates on export credits. 
The Issuer is a non-political organisation, and its Charter provides that the Issuer should neither intervene in 
political events within the Member States, nor make lending decisions based upon recommendations of the Member 
States. 
The Issuer has full legal personality as an international organisation, is subject to international law and has 
the capacity to contract, acquire and dispose of property and to institute judicial and arbitral proceedings. The Member 
States of the Issuer are not responsible for its liabilities, including those under the Trust Deed and the Notes. The 
Issuer’s formation documents contain provisions that establish the Issuer’s legal status and provide certain immunities 
and privileges in the territories of its Member States. See "Legal Personality; Enforceability of Judgments" and "The 
Issuer—Legal Status, Privileges and Immunities". Pursuant to the Wavier of Immunity Decisions, the Issuer has in 
the Trust Deed and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes waived such immunities to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law. The Issuer has adopted the Immunity Waiver in respect of the Notes. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had total assets of U.S.$5,599.7 million. For the year ended 31 December 
2020, the Issuer had a net profit of U.S.$32.6 million, compared with a net profit of U.S.$69.0 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2019. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had, in aggregate, U.S.$2,284.2 million in net loans 
and advances to financial institutions and loans to customers. 
Purpose 
The Issuer's purpose is to contribute to the development of a market economy in the Member States, their 
sustainable economic growth and the expansion of mutual trade and economic relations through investment activities.  
In addition to investing in significant regional development projects, the Issuer is also entitled by its Charter 
to advise its Member States on issues of economic development, the effective use of resources and the expansion of 
trade and economic relations and to collect and analyse data on public and international finance. The Issuer also seeks 
to cooperate with other international organisations and foreign states interested in financing economic development 
and may carry out other activities that do not conflict with its objectives. 
Strategy 
According to the Issuer's strategy for 2018-2022 (the "EDB Strategy"), the Issuer focuses its activities on 
financing projects with a strong integration effect and national development projects, building cooperation with 
"anchor" customers - large companies, which will provide the Issuer with the opportunity to occupy systemically 
important niches in priority sectors of the economies of the Member States.  
The Issuer seeks to reduce adverse impact on the environment and it has made significant progress in 
introducing new environmentally friendly investment policies. The Issuer's strategy includes a special emphasis on 
the financing of "green" projects. These include projects with a strong integration effect and a national development

--- Page 103 ---
93 
effect which in turn have a positive impact on the environment and climate change. Such projects can be identified in 
a wide range of economic sectors, including power supply based on renewable resources, transport, state and municipal 
infrastructure, mining and processing industries and others. One of the Issuer's medium term goals is to increase its 
"green" project portfolio in order to facilitate sustainable development in the Member States. 
The Issuer targets development of the following types of projects: 
Integration projects (cross-border infrastructure projects promoting economic ties and trade and national integration 
infrastructure projects; projects which foster corporate integration between companies in the Member States; 
trade transactions between counterparties in the Member States; projects with a significant proportion of mutual 
investment from the Member States). One example includes the construction of the Big Almaty Ring Road as a 
part of the trans-Eurasian transit corridor "Europe - West China". In 2020, the Issuer launched the Digital 
Initiatives Fund, which seeks to promote digital transformation practices in the Member States as a whole, in 
particular, through the integration of their IT-resources.  
National development projects (national, regional and municipal infrastructure projects in different sectors, such as 
transport, utilities, power infrastructure, including energy efficiency and social infrastructure; projects for the 
development and creation of new products; projects with innovative elements; replicable projects). For example, 
between 2014 and 2020, the Issuer provided financing for a major leasing programme for the supply of 
agricultural equipment in the Kyrgyz Republic, which provided substantial momentum to suppliers of equipment 
and local agricultural companies. 
"Green" projects have an integration effect and a positive impact on the environment by counteracting climate 
change. "Green" projects are among the Issuer's core activities, as set forth in the EDB Strategy. The Issuer is 
committed to investing in projects that promote renewable energy, energy conservation, energy efficiency, 
sustainable urban and industrial development, promote the efficient use of natural resources, reduce the 
greenhouse effect, and promote efficient waste management. The Issuer has financed several projects of Solar 
Systems, the biggest Russian producer of solar panels. 
Despite the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Issuer continued focusing on the EDB 
Strategy. The Issuer has adapted its existing financing programmes and provides support to existing borrowers and 
investment projects that have already been approved or are currently being considered for financing. The Issuer aims 
to provide sustainable long-term financing to prevent delays in the implementation of major infrastructure projects, 
including construction of the Big Almaty Ring Road, the Turkistan International Airport, the Western High-Speed 
Diameter and the bond offering by the Kazakhstan Electricity Grid Operating Company (KEGOC). The Issuer 
continues to support small- and medium-sized businesses ("SMB") in the sectors affected by COVID-19. 
The Issuer plans to use a portion of TAF to support borrowers from the Member States. TAF is currently 
running three programmes: Project Preparatory Technical Assistance Programme, Technical Assistance Programme 
for Investment Activity Expansion, and Subsidising the Interest Rate for Investment Projects. 
Current support measures do not require additional funding and the Issuer believes that further support will 
not have a significant impact on the Issuer's capital and other metrics. 
Long-term Strategy for the Issuer in 2022-2026 
The Issuer is currently developing an update to the EDB Strategy for the years 2022-2026 (the "Prospective 
Strategy"). The Prospective Strategy aims to reflect organic growth of the Issuer and further expansion of its 
operations. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the following key elements of the Prospective Strategy are in 
development by the Issuer's management:

--- Page 104 ---
94 
Expansion Strategy. The Issuer seeks to extend its expertise to the Member States with less developed economies 
(in particular, Armenia, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan) and adjacent territories, as well as to facilitate attracting 
investment to bridge the development gap of smaller economies in the Issuer's region of operations and leading 
regional economies (Kazakhstan and Russia) through closer economic and technological cooperation. Expanding 
reach to less developed Member States and further into EAEU+ (EAEU and the Republic of Tajikistan) will be 
made through closer cooperation with the EFSD, regional banks and IFIs which could benefit from the Issuer's 
unique expertise in the region.  
Leadership in the largest economies of Russia and Kazakhstan. The Issuer aims to become the leading IFI in 
Russia and Kazakhstan (according to the Issuer's estimates, it is currently ranked number three among IFIs in 
terms of size of investment portfolio). Further penetration in the relatively developed markets of Russia and 
Kazakhstan will require development of new products and expertise in new areas. The Issuer intends to expand 
its products offering, including trade financing, bank guarantees, co-financing and advisory services. The Issuer 
aims to become a key financial institution for the implementation of digital products across the Member States. 
The establishment of the DIF in 2020 was one of the first steps in this direction. The Issuer acting as a leading 
expert for the Eurasian Economic Committee should also contribute to the development of future digital projects 
in the EAEU+. 
Enhancing of profile with worldwide investors and diversification. The Issuer will aim to further diversify its 
sources of funding, attract investors with strong ESG preferences and lower costs of funds. Lowering costs of 
funding may contribute to receiving higher investment credit ratings. 
Promotion of sustainable development, green finance and ESG. The Issuer aims to enhance its expertise in green 
finance and projects with high ESG impact. The Issuer has introduced best practices for PPP initiatives and has 
significant experience in obtaining green funding from IFIs. 
The Prospective Strategy remains subject to amendments, completion and approval by the Council in 2021. 
Strengths 
The Issuer believes that it has four key competitive advantages over the national, regional and other 
international development banks as well as large local commercial banks operating within the region with which it 
competes: 
Capitalisation and status. The Issuer is highly capitalised, with a total capitalisation of U.S.$1.9 billion as at 31 
December 2020. Accordingly, it can raise funds to finance large projects. In order to finance significant inter-
state infrastructure projects, the Issuer may require additional capital from the Member States. The Issuer 
believes that the Member States will be able to provide such support in line with the Issuer's mission and 
objectives. In addition, the Issuer believes that its status as an international organisation with specific 
privileges, immunities and tax exemptions, which also supports its high rating, places it in a better position 
than many of its competitors, which allows the Issuer to borrow at lower costs. See "—Legal Status, 
Privileges and Immunities". 
Political support. One of the Issuer’s purposes is to facilitate the integration process among its Member States 
and it anticipates that a number of the projects in which it invests will be projects based on bilateral and 
multilateral treaties. The Issuer believes that this will generate a degree of political support for it within its 
Member States and, accordingly, will provide it with a competitive advantage over many of its competitors. 
Diversified portfolio. The Issuer's portfolio is diversified across the Member States and economic sectors. The 
Issuer has investment projects in various industries not only within the Russian Federation and the Republic 
of Kazakhstan, the Issuer’s two founding Member States, but also within the Republic of Belarus, the 
Republic of Tajikistan, the Republic of Armenia and the Kyrgyz Republic. The Issuer anticipates that it will

--- Page 105 ---
95 
invest in projects in prospective member states in the future. The Issuer believes that this regional focus will 
provide it access to information relevant to its target investment area that will facilitate the origination of 
additional projects. The Issuer is involved in key initiatives of the Eurasian Economic Commission aimed to 
support the export of goods manufactured in the EAEU countries. Under the auspices of the Eurasian 
Economic Commission, the Issuer develops a financing programme that would facilitate exports within the 
EAEU and from the EAEU to other countries. The implementation of the programme would allow the Issuer 
to further diversify its portfolio across countries and various industries. 
Expertise and Experience. The Issuer is a reputable financial institution capable of financing large-scale 
investment projects. The Issuer maintains relations with all key multilateral and national development banks, 
as well as with international organisations represented in the region of its operations, allowing it to organise 
credit syndications and attract additional funding to strategically important projects that the Issuer is funding. 
Further, the Issuer believes that its unique purpose, regional visibility and competitive compensation allow it 
to attract and retain high quality personnel with knowledge and experience throughout its target investment 
region. Since its establishment, the Issuer has managed credit risk prudent and maintained high quality loan 
portfolio. The provisioning level under IFRS, defined as provision for expected credit losses (impairment 
losses under IAS 39) divided by total gross loans, remained relatively low peaking at 7.8% as at 31 December 
2015. For the last five years, the average provisioning level was 3.7% and the average level of NPLs was 
2.5%. 
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors in the Issuer's investment process 
The Issuer carefully considers social and environmental factors when making its investment decisions. The 
Issuer's investment projects aim at improving the environment, living standards, and ultimately, the sustainable 
development of the economies of the Member States. Approved investment projects must not harm the environment 
or threaten public health.  
The Issuer's ESG principles have been incorporated into its Environmental and Social Responsibility Policy 
("ESG Policy"). The ESG Policy outlines the rules and procedures that must be adhered to when evaluating and 
monitoring the environmental and social impact of the Issuer's investment operations. Pursuant to the ESG Policy, the 
Issuer ranks and places projects into several categories based on their environmental impact and scale. If a project 
poses significant risk to the environment (category "A"), the relevant borrower will publish a report detailing the 
environmental impact assessment to ensure that the opinion of the general public is considered. 
In 2020, the Issuer became a shareholder of the AIFC Green Finance Centre Ltd (the "AIFC GFC") as a part 
of its long-term goal to establish a centre of green finance in Kazakhstan and increase its market share in the growing 
green finance business. AIFC GFC is the major organisation within Astana International Finance Centre (the "AIFC"), 
created for promotion of green finance in Kazakhstan and Central Asia. The AIFC GFC assists investors and key 
market participants on green bond issuances on the AIFC Exchange (Astana International Exchange) and provides 
second party opinions on green frameworks. See "-- Cooperation with AIFC Green Finance Centre". Relative to other 
market participants, the Issuer has extensive experience raising green and sustainable finance. In 2017, the New 
Development Bank (the "NDB") issued a U.S.$50 million green loan to the Issue and, in 2019, a U.S.$300 million 
green loan. The first NDB loan was provided for the construction of a hydro power plant in Karelia, Russia, and the 
second loan was provided to finance renewable energy-generating power stations. 
The Issuer sets forth requirements for borrowers to manage their environmental impact and monitors 
compliance with these requirements during the financing period. Requirements include occupational and industrial 
safety standards, environmental protection and public safety. Initial assessments of the requirements are conducted at 
a pre-funding stage. According to the Issuer's estimates, all current projects comply with national environmental 
regulations and the ESG Policy.

--- Page 106 ---
96 
As part of its additional social and environmental responsibility, the Issuer does not finance projects that have 
an adverse impact on labour conditions, use forced or child labour, relate to socially hazardous activities, such as 
gambling or the distribution of alcohol or tobacco, involve the manufacturing or distribution of arms and weapons or 
which pose threats to biodiversity or cultural heritage.  
Since 2012, the Issuer has been a member of the Multilateral Financial Institutions' Working Group on 
Environment and Social Standards — a platform to share expertise and the best practices in environmental and social 
responsibility. The Issuer’s participation helped to establish a shared experience with other development institutions 
and to enhance cooperation between experts. 
During 2020, in association with the Russian Export Center, the Issuer launched a joint lending programme 
to finance the export of Russian products, especially those in demand during the COVID-19 pandemic, to other 
Member States. In September 2020, the Issuer extended a KZT 10 billion loan to the Industry Development Fund (a 
subsidiary of the Development Bank of Kazakhstan) to supply ambulances and supplies for Kazakhstan’s healthcare 
system.  
Key Performance Indicators 
As an international development bank, the Issuer has a number of specific key performance indicators that it 
uses to measure its performance against the strategic objectives established by the Council. The Issuer’s strategic 
performance indicators are divided into five groups: 
(a) Volume of investments (current investment portfolio and annual volume of operations). These indicators 
characterise the scale of the Issuer’s activities; 
(b) Integration effect (share of projects with integration effect) characterises the Issuer's activities in terms of 
fulfilling its mission of strengthening trade and economic relations between the Member States; 
(c) Portfolio quality (share of provision for expected losses in the balance-sheet portfolio). This indicator 
characterises the Issuer’s investment projects in terms of compliance with its risk management principles and 
procedures aimed at reducing losses and ensuring sustainable operations; 
(d) Financial performance (net profit and ROE). These indicators characterise the Issuer’s commitment to 
ensuring loss-free operation and maintaining an appropriate level of profitability; and 
(e) Credit rating, a comprehensive and independent assessment of the Issuer's creditworthiness. 
EDB's Focus in 2020 
 
In 2020, despite the global disruption caused by COVID-19, the Issuer entered into 14 new agreements 
totalling U.S.$1.3 billion, and as a result, the Issuer’s total gross loan portfolio reached U.S.$2,359 million as at 31 
December 2020. 
In cooperation with other partners, the Issuer provided PPP financing  for the construction of the Turkistan 
International Airport, which is one of the most ambitious infrastructure developments in Kazakhstan. The Issuer and 
its finance partners expect that the new airport will contribute to the development of Kazakhstan's integrated transport 
system and enhance the infrastructure between the Member States, which will facilitate the development of tourism 
in the Turkistan Region. 
The Issuer actively promotes its own clearing and settlement platform which facilitates payments in the 
currencies of the Member States. In 2020, when RUB and KZT exchange rates were volatile, demand for using the 
platform significantly increased. Further development of the platform may lead to a further increase in the use of the 
currencies of the Member States which may lead to the gradual substitution of payments between platform participants

--- Page 107 ---
97 
in currencies of third countries. One of the platforms' objectives is to disentangle financial transactions between 
participants from dependency on major world currencies, including the U.S. dollar.  
In cooperation with the Russian Export Centre, the Issuer provided funds for the export of Russian 
ambulances to Kazakhstan during an acute phase of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In December 2020, the Issuer arranged the Eurasian Congress. The Congress summoned high-level officials 
from the Member States and other major Eurasian countries. Key points on the agenda included the new growth 
strategy in Eurasian region, issues of economic integration and a common financial market. The Congress considered 
leading role of the Issuer in funding of the biggest infrastructure project in Eurasia. 
Digital Transformation Fund 
On 30 June 2020, the Council approved the establishment of the Digital Initiatives Fund (the "DIF"). One of 
the DIF's key objectives is the digital transformation and integration of the IT systems of the Member States, which 
will allow Member State governments to efficiently counteract the spread of COVID-19 and tackle COVID-19 related 
ramifications. The Digital Fund leads in the development of the mobile application "Travel without COVID-19" that 
will help to facilitate the migration of labourers between the Member States during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The DIF uses resources provided by the Issuer or sponsors of particular projects. The DIF has no separate 
legal structure and is managed by the Issuer. The DIF's expenses are reflected as expenses of the Issuer. Once the 
Council approves allocations to the DIF, relevant amounts are transferred from reserves to other liabilities on the 
Issuer's balance sheet. 
Effect of COVID-19 on the Issuer's Portfolio in 2020 
The Issuer's treasury portfolio was not materially affected by the impact of the COVID-19 related restrictions 
enacted by regional governments. The limited effect was primarily a result of the high credit quality of the securities 
held in the Issuer’s portfolio and their relatively short duration. According to the Issuer's Investment Declaration, the 
minimum credit rating of securities eligible for inclusion in the treasury portfolio is "ВВ-", "Ва3" and "ВВ-" by Fitch, 
Moody’s and S&P, respectively. Securities issued by the governments of the Member States and rated at least "B-", 
"B3" or "B-" by Fitch, Moody’s and S&P, respectively, may be included in the treasury portfolio upon resolution of 
the Management Board. Usually the credit quality of the Issuer's treasury portfolio substantially exceeds the minimum 
requirements. As at 31 December 2020, 52% of the securities in treasury portfolio were rated above "A-" and 
remaining 48% were rated between "BB-" and "BBB+". The minimum eligible counterparty rating for the placing of 
deposits is "В" by Fitch and S&P and "B2" by Moody'. The Issuer generally places deposits and transacts with large 
multinational banks and systematically important Russian and Kazakhstani banks, which were less affected by 
COVID-19 compared to retail and smaller SMB banks. 
The Issuer's project portfolio is well diversified and borrowers from economic sectors significantly affected 
by COVID-19 have not caused material damage to the credit quality of the overall portfolio. The Issuer believes that 
that the impact of COVID-19 will be limited. In 2020, the Issuer conducted several stress tests of its project portfolio. 
According to the base case scenario, expected credit losses are estimated at 3.5-4 per cent. of the Issuer's exposure. 
Under a more pessimistic scenario expected credit losses would comprise approximately 5.5-6 per cent. of the Issuer's 
exposure. A substantial portion of the Issuer's loans are provided under the PPP, projects with state guarantees (typical 
for PPP agreements in financing of renewable energy) and other projects that provide unique competitive advantages 
with a relatively strong position on the cost curve.   
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer is restructuring the debt of a loan in the amount of U.S.$21 
million. The borrower, Astanapromstroy, operates a five-star hotel under an international brand and an office building 
in the city of Nur-Sultan, Kazakhstan. The credit quality of Astanapromstroy deteriorated as a result of the COVID-

--- Page 108 ---
98 
19 pandemic. An additional grace period was granted to Astanapromstroy. The loan is secured by real estate with 
market value exceeding the amount of the outstanding borrowings. 
The Issuer believes the quality of the project portfolio will further improve. The Issuer's exposure to Stage 3 
loans decreased in 2020 primarily due to a loan repayment by Ekibastuz GRES-2 (in the amount of U.S.$172 million 
in August 2020). 
Lending and Investments 
General 
The Issuer, as an international development bank, provides long-term financing for investment projects, 
primarily in its Member States. The financing activities of the Issuer must conform with the Investment Regulations, 
which set out the main principles that guide the Issuer when considering investment projects. These principles are as 
follows: 
Conformity with the Issuer’s mission and strategic goals. Any investment project being implemented by the 
Issuer must comply with its mission and strategic goals pursuant to a methodology approved by the 
Management Board. 
Compliance with international banking standards. The Issuer finances projects in accordance with the 
principles of international banking practice, including those pertaining to loan maturity, conditions, interest 
rate, repayment and security. 
Transparent investments. The Issuer endeavours to manage its investments in a transparent manner and follow 
the best corporate management practices of international development banks. 
Avoidance of direct competition with commercial banks. The Issuer endeavours to finance investment projects 
where such financing cannot be obtained by a borrower in commercial markets on acceptable terms. 
Diversification of funding sources. The Issuer seeks opportunities to obtain funding on the capital markets, 
including local capital markets in the Russian Federation and the Republic of Kazakhstan, as well as through 
bilateral loans, green loans, credit lines provided by central banks, corporate deposits, repo transactions, trade 
and export credit financing. The Issuer may also provide financing jointly with international financial 
institutions, commercial banks or other organisations. 
High credit ratings. The Issuer endeavours to maintain high credit ratings in order to have access to the most 
favourable terms of financing. 
Social and environmental responsibility. The Issuer endeavours to finance projects that minimise harm to the 
environment or the social, working or living conditions of the populations in the Member States. Investments 
undertaken by the Issuer are intended to raise living standards and increase employment and social welfare 
in the local populations. 
Prohibited areas of investment. The Issuer is prohibited from financing alcohol, tobacco or gambling 
businesses, or businesses that use forced or child labour or that involve activities prohibited by the laws of 
its Member States or international conventions pertaining to the protection of biological diversity of resources 
or cultural heritage. 
Diversification of investments. The Issuer endeavours to reasonably diversify its investments and avoid 
favouring any particular Member State or project.

--- Page 109 ---
99 
Liquidity. The Issuer endeavours to maintain a sufficient level of liquidity cushion to meet its funding 
commitments, invest in securities and perform its obligations without affecting current and future yield on 
investments. 
Adequacy of investment profitability and risk. When financing projects, the Issuer endeavours to ensure that 
profitability is commensurate with the level of risks involved. 
Forms of Investments 
The Investment Regulations provide that investments made by the Issuer may take a number of forms, 
including lending, equity participation, investments via private equity funds, and other financial instruments, including 
leasing, guarantees and letters of credit. The Issuer primarily provides investments in the form of lending, including 
direct loans. Loans and debt financing must be provided on sound and commercially viable terms. The Issuer 
endeavours to exercise proper control over the use of funds by its borrowers. The Issuer approves the rate of interest 
to be paid by borrowers on a case-by-case basis following an analysis of the project’s risks, its cost and its conformity 
with the purpose and strategic objectives of the Issuer. See "Risk Management— Lending Policies and Procedures". 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's investment portfolio comprised U.S.$2,984 million in gross loans and 
financial assets and U.S.$1,437 million in gross contingent liabilities and credit commitments. 
Lending 
One of the ways in which the Issuer provides financing for large infrastructure projects in the Member States 
is through the provision of loans and debt financing to corporate customers ("loans to customers") and to banks and 
financial institutions ("loans to banks"). 
Loans to Customers 
The Issuer provides loan facilities to certain corporate customers in the Member States for the purpose of 
financing specific projects which meet the following criteria established by the Issuer: 
 
the project will be implemented in one or more of the Member States; 
 
the project complies with the Issuer’s mission and its strategic goals and objectives with respect to the facilitation 
of the sustainable economic growth of one or more of the Member States and the development of mutual 
investments and trade between such states; 
 
the project serves the social and economic interests of the national economies of one or more of the Member 
States, their growth and enhanced competitiveness; and 
 
the project complies with certain environmental standards. 
Corporate businesses are generally eligible for loans between U.S.$30 million and 20% of the Issuer’s equity 
capital. The average size of a project in the Issuer's outstanding investment portfolio in the non-financial sector is 
currently U.S.$58 million.  
The Issuer is also expanding its cooperation with other international financial institutions and development 
banks in order to share the risks associated with project finance. With this objective in mind, on 15 February 2018 and 
31 October 2018, the Issuer signed memoranda of understanding with The Black Sea Trade and Development Bank 
and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), respectively. In November 2018, the Issuer finalised a 
memorandum of understanding with The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank for cooperation with respect to joint 
economic research activities and the parties’ aim to provide joint financing for transport and infrastructure projects in 
Eurasia. In December 2019, the Issuer and the New Development Bank signed a facility agreement providing 
U.S.$300 million to the Issuer for financing of green projects in Russia. 
The table below sets forth total loans to customers as at the dates indicated:

--- Page 110 ---
100 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$’000) 
Loans to customers 
 
2,171,589 
2,022,762 
1,716,492 
Less allowance for expected credit losses 
 
(72,891) 
(62,758) 
(66,202) 
Total loans to customers 
 
2,098,698 
1,960,004 
1,650,290 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, all loans to customers were secured. 
The table below summarises the total loans to customers, as at the dates indicated, secured by type of 
collateral, rather than the fair value of the collateral itself: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$’000) 
Loans collateralised by real estate, equipment and inventories 
 
822,295 
955,107 
891,565 
Loans collateralised by guarantees from: 
 
 
 
- State entities 
 
116,460 
319,083 
381,888 
- Governments of the Member States 
 
100,465 
94,554 
153,165 
- Financial and commercial organisations 
 
579,588 
455,324 
176,028 
Loans collateralised by future cash inflows from clients’ contracts:  
 
522,781 
198,694 
113,846 
 
2,171,589 
2,022,762 
1,716,492 
Less allowance for expected credit losses 
 
(72,891) 
(62,758) 
(66,202) 
Total loans to customers 
 
2,098,698 
1,960,004 
1,650,290 
The following table sets forth the Issuer’s exposure to borrowers by sector as at the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(U.S.$’000) 
Analysis by sector: 
 
Transport 
 
732,151 
657,389 
596,419 
Chemical industry 
 
464,436 
112,431 
14,722 
Energy 
 
440,698 
490,302 
349,254 
Mining 
 
213,719 
282,153 
224,757 
Infrastructure 
 
109,031 
212,876 
219,245 
Machinery 
 
98,699 
73,650 
68,299 
Metallurgy 
 
50,168 
114,899 
145,083 
Agriculture 
 
24,865 
29,093 
57,520 
Other 
 
37,822 
49,969 
41,193 
Total 
 
2,171,589 
2,022,762 
1,716,492 
Less allowance for expected credit losses  
 
(72,891) 
(62,758) 
(66,202) 
Total loans to customers 
 
2,098,698 
1,960,004 
1,650,290 
The significant increase in loans to customers in chemical industry in 2020 is primarily attributable to loans 
issued to a major producer of potash fertilizers in Belarus. See "-- Principal Projects -- Belaruskali Facility".

--- Page 111 ---
101 
For information regarding the geographic concentration of loans to customers, see "Risk Management—
Geographic Concentration" and for information regarding the currency of loans to customers, see "Risk 
Management—Foreign Currency Risk Management".  
Top Ten Loans  
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s current investment portfolio consisted of 86 committed projects with 
total funding approximately U.S.$4.4 billion. The following table sets forth the Issuer’s top 10 projects by amount 
committed by the Issuer to customers from the non-financial sector: 
Investment project(1) 
Location of 
project 
Total 
expected 
cost by the 
Issuer  
Amount 
committed by 
the Issuer  
Outstanding 
amount 
committed by 
the Issuer as of 
31 December 
2020  
Percent of total 
amount 
committed by 
the Issuer in 
top 10 projects 
as at 31 
December 2020 
Sector 
 
 
(U.S.$’000) 
 
 
Belaruskali project  
Republic of 
Belarus 
549,176 
439,027 
420,205 
27% 
Chemical 
Western High Speed 
Diameter toll road in St 
Petersburg  
Russian 
Federation 
1,744,627 
417,462 
380,665 
24% 
Transport 
Bogatyr Coal project 
Republic of 
Kazakhstan 
294,500 
220,434 
113,700 
7% 
Mining 
Central Ring Road toll road 
in Moscow region (3 and 4 
sections) 
Russian 
Federation 
2,283,377 
186,466 
122,845 
8% 
Transport 
Solar power plants (248 
MW) construction projects  
Republic of 
Kazakhstan / 
Russian 
Federation 
255,044 
179,472 
124,592 
8% 
Energy 
Turkistan International 
Airport construction project 
Republic of 
Kazakhstan 
172,095 
137,676 
141,213 
9% 
Transport 
Wind power plant (90 MW) 
construction project (Enel 
Russia) 
Russian 
Federation 
167,814 
135,769 
130,085 
8% 
Energy 
BAKAD toll road in Almaty 
region 
Republic of 
Kazakhstan 
751,978 
135,000 
28,320 
2% 
Transport 
Kuzbass project  
 
Russian 
Federation 
216,383 
134,475 
-- 
0% 
Energy 
SSGPO's PXF project (ERG) 
 
Republic of 
Kazakhstan 
95,000 
95,000 
96,179 
6% 
Mining 
Total 
  
6,529,994 
2 080,781 
1,557,802 
100% 
  
(1) 
Loans to a group of connected borrowers are added up if they relate to one project.  
Source: Management accounts data. 
 
Principal Projects  
The Issuer provides long-term funding for major infrastructure projects with high integral value for the 
Member States. The following list of selected major investment projects illustrates the Issuer's expertise in assessing 
investments across a variety of sectors. 
Belaruskali Facility 
 
Belaruskali is one of the largest exporters of potash fertilisers, with a global market share exceeding 20%. A 
significant share of Belaruskali's customers are spread among Europe. As at 31 December 2020, Belaruskali was the

--- Page 112 ---
102 
Issuer’s largest recipient of funding. The funds borrowed pursuant to Belaruskali's facility agreements are earmarked 
for the construction of Petrikovskyi GOK and the renewal and upgrade of the company's fixed assets. 
Belaruskali utilises high-quality production equipment which adheres to the highest industry standards and 
is uniquely positioned on the first quartile of the global cost curve. In addition, Belaruskali is one of the largest 
taxpayers in Belarus and its revenue is essential for the financing of social programmes and the performance of the 
Belarussian government’s statutory obligations.  
In 2020, despite negative economic conditions and a decline in global trade, Belaruskali increased sales of 
potash fertilizers by 2.2%, compared to 2019. This increase, however, was offset by a decrease in the average global 
prices for potash fertilizers. However, the Issuer expects that Belaruskali's debt to EBITDA ratio will be in the vicinity 
of 3.0 by the end of 2020. As at 31 December 2020, a gross loan of U.S.$420,205 thousand remained outstanding 
under the facility agreements with Belaruskali. 
Western High Speed Diameter Toll Road 
 
The Western High Speed Diameter toll road (the "WHSD") in St. Petersburg is the first in-city toll road 
constructed in Russia. The construction was notable for its sophisticated technical solutions and complex architectural 
design. Using the WHSD allows travellers to cross the second largest Russian city—with a population of five million 
people—in approximately 20 minutes. The WHSD is operated by a management company and has a yield on 
investment guaranteed by the city of St. Petersburg. In the event of a revenue shortfall, the deficit will be paid for by 
the city of St. Petersburg. The city authorities expect that the WHSD will become profitable in 2021. As at 31 
December 2020, a gross loan of U.S.$380,665 thousand remained outstanding under the WHSD facility agreements. 
Kazakhstan Solar Power Station 
 
The Issuer provided a loan to one of the largest manufacturers of solar panels in Russia and a major supplier 
of solar power on the wholesale market. The Issuer financed construction of a solar power station in Kazakhstan by 
the manufacturer's Kazakhstani subsidiary. In 2019, the Issuer provided a multi-currency credit line totalling EUR 56.2 
million. According to the borrower's estimates, the construction of the solar power station will allow it to reduce the 
emission of greenhouse gasses by 85 thousand tonnes annually. The project will encourage production of high-level 
technologies in Russia and other Member States. As at 31 December 2020, a gross loan of U.S.$124,592 thousand 
was outstanding under facility agreements with the borrower's group. 
Big Almaty Ring Road (BAKAD) 
 
The Issuer has provided long-term funding for the construction of a ring road around Kazakhstan's largest 
city, Almaty. To date, it is the largest public-private partnership transaction in Central Asia. BAKAD represents the 
largest investment in Kazakhstan outside of the oil and gas sector. Once completed, BAKAD will comprise a ring 
road of 66 kilometres around Almaty, a city with two million residents, and is expected to be a core part of the Europe-
West China trans-Eurasian transport corridor. The syndicate of banks financing the construction of BAKAD includes 
the Issuer, the EBRD and the Islamic Development Bank. 
In addition to its economic value, the project provides a significant positive environmental and social impact. 
The Issuer expects that BAKAD will (i) direct traffic away from Almaty, reducing the city’s pollution levels; (ii) 
reduce traffic congestion and road accidents; and (3) improve the competitiveness of trans-Kazakhstan travel routes. 
Beyond its infrastructural importance, BAKAD may provide a benchmark for future infrastructure projects in Central 
Asia to be built via public-private partnerships ("PPP") deals. 
In 2020, despite the restrictive measures enacted as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, construction of 
BAKAD continued, in particular as a result of continious funding provided by the Issuer. BAKAD is scheduled for

--- Page 113 ---
103 
completion in 2023. As of 31 December 2020, the outstanding gross loan amount for BAKAD was U.S.$23,320 
thousand. 
Other Projects 
 
The Issuer finances borrowers and issuers in the Member States' developed industry sectors (such as the 
energy sector) which provide a high integration effect connecting producers and consumers in different Member 
States. In 2019, the Issuer financed the construction of the main gas pipeline for Astana Gas KMG in the amount of 
U.S.$240 million. The funds were provided through purchase of bonds. In 2018, the Issuer began financing the Electric 
Networks of Armenia by providing U.S.$21 million facility for general operational purposes. In 2017, the Issuer began 
financing the construction of the solar plant by Solar System in Russia, with project costs estimated at U.S.$110 
million. 
Project Pipeline 
Approved Projects 
In addition to the above, as at 31 December 2020 the Issuer had signed non-binding commitments in respect 
of five projects which have been approved by the Credit Committee, the Management Board and, where necessary, 
the Council, representing financing by the Issuer in the aggregate amount of U.S.$562.5 million. Each of these projects 
is still subject to further due diligence and negotiation of contractual terms and no assurance can be given that the 
Issuer will agree to final contractual terms with the relevant borrower or that the projects will be completed. 
Potential Projects 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer was considering 20 further projects (concept stage), the estimated total 
financing cost of which was approximately U.S.$1,708.5 million. According to the Issuer's estimates, in 2021 
approximately 30% of these projects will commence and the initial financing will be provided by the Issuer. However, 
the amount of funding and the timeline of each project remain subject to various factors, including market conditions. 
See "The Issuer—Lending and Investments—Lending—Loans to Customers—Project Pipeline—Approved Projects". 
Loans to Banks 
The Issuer provides various types of financing to banks and non-financial institutions in the Member States, 
including: (i) SMB Financing, (ii) Micro-business Financing; (iii) Energy Efficiency Financing; (iv) Lease Financing; 
(v) Agribusiness Financing; (vi) Trade Financing; and (vii) Documentary Operations. The Issuer may also provide 
loans to banks for the purpose of subordinated and syndicated financing. The banks and financial institutions then use 
the financing they receive from the Issuer to provide loan facilities, at their own risk, to borrowers that meet certain 
criteria. 
The table below sets forth total loans to banks as at the dates indicated: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(U.S.$’000) 
Loans to financial institutions (including repo transactions) 
 
187,866 
268,424 
248,180 
Less allowance for expected credit losses  
 
(2,391) 
(2,126) 
(2,670) 
Total loans to banks 
 
185,475 
266,298 
245,510 
For information regarding the geographic concentration of loans to banks, see "Risk Management—
Geographic Concentration" and for information regarding the currency of loans to banks, see "Risk Management—
Foreign Currency Risk Management".

--- Page 114 ---
104 
SMB Financing 
The Issuer provides loan facilities to banks and financial institutions in the Member States to enable those 
banks and financial institutions to finance the projects of their SMB clients. These banks and financial institutions 
select SMB borrowers to provide loans to at their own risk and discretion, provided that such SMB borrowers satisfy 
certain criteria set out by the Issuer. These banks and financial institutions can use the financing they receive from the 
Issuer to provide loans to SMB borrowers who are looking to: 
 
acquire and/or upgrade fixed assets; 
 
expand and diversify their business; 
 
introduce new technologies; 
 
develop innovative activities; 
 
produce export and import substitutes that support the development of new technologies in the Member States; 
 
produce high value added competitive goods in non-resource sectors; 
 
expand mutual trade and investments between businesses in the Member States in exports, supply of equipment, 
raw materials, spare parts, other goods and services; and 
 
finance working capital. 
The Issuer frequently invests in asset-backed securities secured by pools of SMB loans. For example, in 2018, 
the Issuer invested RUB700 million in asset-backed securitisations originated by MSP-Bank (a state-owned Russian 
bank which is primarily engaged in providing banking services to small and medium enterprises). The Issuer invests 
in senior tranches only and considers such investments as a contribution to the development of the regional capital 
markets and to support SMB lending. 
Micro-business Financing 
The Issuer operates a Microfinance Support Programme, which is aimed at establishing favourable conditions 
for the development of micro-businesses in the Member States. The aim of the programme is to promote the 
establishment, expansion, modernisation and diversification of micro-business in the Member States, to maintain and 
promote existing micro-businesses and to develop trade and small-scale commodity production. In the same way that 
the Issuer supports SMB clients, under the Microfinance Support Programme, the Issuer provides loan facilities to 
banks and financial institutions in the Member States who then provide loans, at their own risk and discretion, to 
micro-businesses in the Member States. 
Energy Efficiency Financing 
The Issuer operates a Programme for Energy Efficiency Improvements in the Member States. This 
programme aims to decrease overall energy consumption, optimise the use of energy resources and implement 
renewable energy projects in the Member States. Pursuant to this programme, the Issuer provides specific-purpose 
credit facilities to banks and financial institutions, who then use these credit facilities to grant loans to their corporate 
clients in order to finance projects which reduce or optimise energy consumption. 
Lease Financing 
The Issuer operates a Programme for the Financing of Lease Operations among the Member States. This 
programme aims to develop the economies of the Member States by helping businesses based therein increase their 
competitiveness, efficiency and production volumes by modernising and upgrading their equipment and facilities. 
Pursuant to this programme, the Issuer provides specific-purpose credit facilities to banks and their subsidiary leasing 
companies, who then use these credit facilities to finance the purchase of facilities and equipment to be leased to 
companies in the Member States.

--- Page 115 ---
105 
Trade Financing 
The Issuer operates a Programme for the Development of Trade Finance Instruments and Expansion of 
Mutual Trade among the Member States. This programme aims to expand the sources of funding in each of the 
Member States for corporates involved in international trade, thereby enhancing mutual trade between, and further 
integration of, the Member States. Pursuant to this programme, the Issuer provides specific-purpose credit facilities to 
banks and financial institutions, who then use these credit facilities to provide trade-related credit facilities to their 
corporate clients, exporters and importers. 
Documentary Operations 
In 2019, the Issuer started offering documentary services, such as issuing letters of credits and guarantees, to 
facilitate trade across the Member States and export operations. The Issuer provides a full range of letters of credit 
based on UCP 600 rules. Letters of credit can be covered (a purchase price is pre-funded and held on the purchaser's 
account with the Issuer) or uncovered (the Issuer funds the purchase price). The uncovered letters of credit usually 
bear higher commission, as well as certain amount of credit risk. 
The Issuer provides the following types of guarantees: tender guarantees, advance payment guarantees, 
performance guarantees, stand-by letters of credit and counter-guarantees. All letters of credits, except covered letters 
of credit, and guarantees are subject to approval by the Credit Committee. 
Settlement and Clearing Services 
Since 2018, the Issuer has offered settlement and clearing services to its customers in the currencies of the 
Member States, U.S. dollars and Euros. The Issuer is a member of national payment systems of Armenia, Belarus, 
Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Russia, and has direct access to the relevant currencies through accounts with the central 
banks. The Issuer has direct access to exchanges and interbank markets of these countries. The Issuer promotes 
clearing services within the EAEU in local currencies and frequently acts as a market-maker in these currencies. One 
of the Issuer's advantages is its ability to connect local payment systems and infrastructure for cross-border settlements 
within the EAEU in national currencies. The Issuer is a member of SWIFT and the Financial Messaging System of 
the Bank of Russia (SPFS). The Issuer benefits from its investment grade ratings from international rating agencies 
which are higher than the ratings of the Member States.  
The Issuer's platform is scalable and was growing in terms of the volume of payments during each of the 
years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. The new business line has allowed the Issuer to expand its customer 
base and obtain funding in the form of current accounts and customer deposits, which can be used as additional sources 
of liquidity and funding in the Issuer's current operations. As of 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Issuer had total 
deposits from customers in the amount of U.S.$391.6 million and U.S.$297.3 million, respectively. 
"Green" Economy Financing Programme 
The Issuer has developed a programme to finance projects in the "green" economy (the "Green Finance 
Programme") which aims to expand the Issuer's "green" portfolio investments and support corporates of Member 
States in the implementation of "green" projects. Under the Green Finance Programme the Issuer will support finance 
projects in the following areas: 
 
renewable energy; 
 
low-carbon and efficient energy production; 
 
improvement of energy efficiency; 
 
agriculture, forestry and land-use; 
 
reduction of non-greenhouse gases; 
 
waste and waste water management; and 
 
transport and infrastructure.

--- Page 116 ---
106 
According to the Green Finance Programme, the Issuer will seek opportunities to establish syndicates with 
credit institutions of the Member States and multilateral development banks. 
The Green Programme provides the following possible forms of the Issuer's contribution: project finance 
with limited-recourse, equity investments, guarantees, letters of credit and assistance with the preparation and 
evaluation of potential projects. 
Key Eligibility Criteria for Projects Financed under the Programme 
Potential projects must comply with the Issuer's mission and strategic goals, ESG policy and also meet 
requirements as to the structure of security and certain conditions pursuant to the Issuer's current internal regulatory 
requirements. The contemplated project must be in one of the areas detailed in the Green Finance Programme and 
related to climate change mitigation. A project will be classified as related to climate change mitigation if it promotes 
efforts to reduce or limit greenhouse gas ("GHS") emissions or enhance GHS sequestration. The Issuer generally 
follows the guidelines set by the WorldBank when assessing climate change mitigation1. 
In order to determine whether projects meet required criteria the Issuer may request a second party review, 
including review by the AIFC Green Finance Centre Ltd (the "AIFC GFC") or other independent certified experts in 
"green" financing. It is expected that at least two independent reviews will be carried out every year with respect to 
prospective investments. 
The Issuer monitors the implementation of the projects under the Green Finance Programme and continuously 
assesses their credit quality in accordance with its internal procedures. 
Aims of the Green Finance Programme 
The Issuer believes that the implementation of the Green Finance Programme will allow it to reach the 
strategic goals defined in the EDB Strategy: diversification of the economies of the Member States to ensure 
sustainable growth, modernisation, integration and development of infrastructures and improving efficiency of 
national development projects. 
Additionally, the Issuer expects that the Green Finance Programme will allow it to: 
 
enhance its capabilities in the international capital markets based on the expanding base of investors with ESG 
preferences; 
 
create a positive image of the Issuer as an active participant in the green economy, which will support the Issuer's 
perception, and as a result, reduce its cost of borrowing; and 
 
strengthen its cooperation with other international development financial institutions. 
The Management Board reports to the Council on the results of the Green Finance Programme on an annual basis.  
The terms of the Notes themselves can only be amended as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
included in the Base Prospectus. The Issuer may update its Green Finance Programme or the ESG Policy from time 
to time, and such updates would be made publicly available on the Issuer's website. 
Cooperation with AIFC Green Finance Centre 
In order to expand its activities in "green" finance, in July 2020, the Issuer became a shareholder of the AIFC 
GFC. The AIFC GFC provides initial assistance to potential issuers, investors and market participants with the 
preparation process leading up to the issuance of green bonds on the AIFC Exchange (Astana International Exchange), 
and also specialises in the verification of "green" finance instruments. The AIFC GFC has extensive expertise in 
                                                 
1 https://www.worldbank.org/content/dam/Worldbank/document/Climate/common-principles-for-climate-mitigation-finance-
tracking.pdf

--- Page 117 ---
107 
providing external review, including second party opinions, for green financing, verification and monitoring of 
ongoing investment projects. Cooperation between the Issuer and the AIFC GFC is intended to contribute to the 
Issuer's activities in building "green" finance market in Central Asia and help to introduce new financial products and 
instruments.  
According to the Issuer's assessment, the amount of projects in its current investment portfolio that could be 
classified as "green" projects as of 31 August 2020 is US$545 million, or 13% of the total amount of the Issuer's 
current investment portfolio, including two major infrastructure projects in the amount of U.S.$97 million and eight 
renewable energy projects in the amount of U.S.$448 million.  
Private Equity Funds 
In addition to supporting infrastructure projects in the Member States, the Issuer’s objective in participating 
in, or establishing, private equity funds is principally to create high yield opportunities. For example, in December 
2010, the Issuer committed U.S.$100.0 million to the Macquarie Russia and CIS Infrastructure Fund LP (the "MRIF"). 
Other investors in the MRIF include VEB.RF (formerly Vnesheconombank), Kazyna Capital Management, Macquarie 
Capital Group Limited, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and IFC. The Issuer's commitment 
represented 15.87% of total capital commitments to MRIF. The primary investment objective of the MRIF is to 
establish a diversified portfolio of equity and equity-related investments in infrastructure projects. In the year ended 
31 December 2019, the Issuer released its part of its commitments and redeemed part of its investments in MRIF. As 
at 31 December 2020, the remaining commitments and investments amounted to U.S.$4.0 million and U.S.$ 4.8 
million, respectively.  
Management and Consulting Services 
Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development (EFSD) 
The EFSD (the former EurAsEC Anti-Crisis Fund) is a regional financing arrangement between the Republic 
of Armenia, the Republic of Belarus, the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Kyrgyz Republic, the Russian Federation and 
the Republic of Tajikistan. The EFSD was established on 9 June 2009, and as of 31 December 2020 comprises 
U.S.$9.4 billion of contributions from the EFSD member countries, interest income on financial assets and income 
from its operations. The EFSD Council is the ultimate decision-making body. It consists of finance ministers of the 
member countries. Anton Siluanov, the Russian minister of finance, chairs the EFSD Council. 
The EFSD provides two types of funding to sovereign member-countries: (i) policy-based lending in the form 
of credit facilities to support the governments' anti-crisis measures and stabilisation programmes; and (ii) project 
financing in the form of investment loans and grants to finance integration projects. EFSD does not raise money on 
capital or money markets.  
Since 2009, the Issuer has managed the EFSD’s resources (in such capacity, the "EFSD Resources 
Manager"), subject to the supervision and oversight of the governing council of the EFSD. EFSD is a separate entity 
from the Issuer, and neither the results of EFSD's operations nor its assets or liabilities are included in the Financial 
Statements. 
In accordance with the management agreement with the EFSD, the Issuer, as the EFSD Resources Manager, 
inter alia, appraises applications for financing by the EFSD, organises and operates financing from the EFSD’s funds 
in accordance with signed financing agreements, monitors the performance of obligations under EFSD financing 
agreements, assesses the efficiency of projects and operations financed by the EFSD, keeps records on the borrowers' 
indebtedness, recovers overdue debts and other amounts owed, opens and maintains EFSD accounts and credit money 
to such accounts, invests excessive cash balances of the EFSD, administers promissory notes issued by the EFSD 
members and carries out other actions necessary for the administration of EFSD's resources. In accordance with EFSD 
regulations, the Issuer is not allowed to borrow from the ESFD and use borrowed funds for investment projects.

--- Page 118 ---
108 
The EFSD started receiving applications for financing in 2009 and began disbursing funds in 2010. As at 31 
December 2020, total outstanding loans to members of the EFSD amounted to U.S.$2,933.9 million. For example, in 
2020, EFSD provided stabilisation loans to Belarus, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan in the amount of U.S.$500 million, 
U.S.$100 million and U.S.$50 million, respectively.  
The EFSD is not consolidated in the Issuer's Financial Statements and the Issuer is not liable for recovery of 
EFSD's investments. The Issuer is reimbursed for budgeted expenses incurred by it and approved by the governing 
council of the EFSD in connection with its activities as the EFSD Resources Manager. In the year ended 31 December 
2020, the Issuer earned U.S.$8.1 million in management fees and was reimbursed U.S.$13.4 million of expenses. The 
Issuer can unilaterally stop acting as EFSD Resources Manager upon written notification to the EFSD, whereupon it 
will transfer the management of all of the EFSD’s assets to a new EFSD Resources Manager designated by the EFSD. 
Investment Consultation 
The Issuer may act as an investment consultant when implementing investment projects that correspond to 
the primary sectors of the Issuer’s investment activity, including the structuring of financing. The Issuer may receive 
commissions based on the results of investment activity. 
The Issuer has signed memoranda of understanding with, among others, the World Bank, the Kazakhstani 
Kazyna Fund for Sustainable Development (subsequently merged with Samruk Kazakhstan Holding for State Assets 
Management into JSC Sovereign Wealth Fund "Samruk-Kazyna"), Kazyna Capital Management, National Holding 
KazAgro, the Japan Bank for International Cooperation, the Islamic Development Bank, the China Development 
Bank, National Company SaryArka Social-Enterprise Corporation, the Department CAREC of the Asian 
Development Bank, the Food and Agriculture Organization of United Nations, the Office of the Permanent 
Coordinator of the United Nations in Kazakhstan, Renaissance Capital Holdings Limited, Macquarie Capital Group 
Limited, National Reserve Bank, Interbank Association "Shanghai Cooperation Organisation", the International Bank 
of Reconstruction and Development, the Interstate Bank, the World Customs Organization, European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, New Development Bank, Black Sea Trade and Development Bank, International 
Investment Bank, Russian-Kyrgyz Development Fund, Bank for Development and Foreign Economic Affairs 
(VEB.RF), Far East Investment and Export Agency, Russian Federal Corporation for the Development of Small and 
Medium Business, Russian Export Center and Global Infrastructure Hub. The Issuer has also signed similar 
memoranda with certain governments of constituent parts of the Russian Federation, such as the government of the 
Republic of Tatarstan and the governments of the Khanty-Mansiysk autonomous district and the Novosibirsk and 
Astrakhan regions of the Russian Federation. The memoranda state that the parties intend to actively exchange 
experience and information on potential investment projects and other information in order to facilitate the expansion 
of bilateral economic relations and allow for the participation of another party as a co-investor and/or arranger of 
financial projects. 
The Issuer has "Recognized Non-AIFC Member" (RNAM) status in the newly created Astana International 
Financial Center (the "AIFC") in Kazakhstan. In this capacity the Issuer is entitled to operate and deal in the securities 
market and may act as a principal and/or agent, or underwriter on the AIFC Stock Exchange, the Astana International 
Exchange ("AIX"). Trading on AIX commenced in December 2017, with the goal to provide international and 
Kazakhstani investors with access to Kazakhstani companies in a familiar environment based on the principles of 
common law. AIX is intended to serve as a platform for Kazakhstan's large scale privatisation program for certain of 
Kazakhstan's major state companies, including the national oil and gas company, railway operator and airline.  
Information and Research Activity 
The Issuer established the Research Department, consisting of two departments: Centre for Country Analysis 
and the Centre for Integration Studies. The Research Department provides substantial analytical support to the Issuer's 
other departments. The Issuer’s research activity supports its investment activities and aims at providing a deeper 
understanding of market integration in the Eurasian economic space.

--- Page 119 ---
109 
The Centre for Country Analysis conducts its research on a wide range of strategic, development and 
macroeconomic issues. On the basis of its research, it prepares detailed country analyses, risk assessment frameworks, 
forecasts of important macroeconomic trends and evaluation of their economic effects. The Centre for Country 
Analysis regularly publishes reports on macroeconomic issues and other special themes. 
The Centre for Integration Studies, tasked with monitoring market integration processes within the Eurasian 
Economic Union (the "EAEU"), has been in operation since 2011. The Centre for Integration Studies is active in 
conducting numerous research projects and comprehensive studies, including annual reports on Eurasian Economic 
Integration, a series on the reports on key integration trends within the EAEU and its Member States, as well as public 
and internal reports on important economic trends, such as digitalisation or "green" economy. The Centre for 
Integration Studies focuses its research on trade, investments and cross-border infrastructure across the EAEU, 
databases, economic and corporate integration and its perspective development directions, public opinion polls, effects 
of a common economic space including the common labour and sectoral markets, harmonisation of legislation and 
opportunities for fiscal, monetary and financial integration. 
In addition to research and analytics, the Research Department administers the Issuer’s Technical Assistance 
Fund. The Issuer created its Technical Assistance Fund to finance pre-investment work such as feasibility studies, 
market analysis and financial modelling, and to support regional integration projects and conduct research aimed at 
the analysis of growth potential, the development of market economies in the Member States and opportunities for 
forging economic and trade relations between them. Currently, the Fund’s principal activities have been expanded to 
include research projects aimed at developing investment opportunities for the Issuer. 
Capital Adequacy 
Due to its status as an international organisation, the Issuer is not subject to any external formal minimum 
capital adequacy requirement. However, the Issuer’s Management Board has adopted the Internal Regulations which 
stipulates, among other things, that the Issuer should maintain its minimum capital adequacy ratio calculated on the 
basis of Basel II principles at no less than 16.0%. As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Issuer’s total capital 
adequacy ratio calculated on the basis described above was 42.8%, 43.3% and 49.8%, respectively. 
Share Capital, Shareholders and Dividends 
As at 31 December 2020, the total authorised share capital of the Issuer was U.S.$7,000,000,000 divided into 
7,000,000 shares, each with a nominal value of U.S.$1,000, of which U.S.$1,515,700 thousand was the total paid capital 
and U.S.$ 5,484,300,000 was the callable capital. 
As initial subscribers to the Issuer’s shares, the Russian Federation and the Republic of Kazakhstan subscribed 
for 1,000,000 and 500,000 shares, respectively, paying-up U.S.$1.0 billion and U.S.$500.0 million, respectively. 
Subsequently, the Republics of Belarus, Tajikistan, Armenia and the Kyrgyz Republic have subscribed for 15,000, 500, 
100 and 100 shares, respectively, contributing U.S.$15.0 million, U.S.$0.5 million, U.S.$0.1 million and U.S.$0.1 
million, respectively. In July 2014, the Council approved an increase in the Issuer’s share capital by U.S.$5,484.3 
million to be paid upon the Issuer’s request, distributing the additional shares between the Member States proportionally 
to their existing holding. See "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial 
Condition—Equity". At the Council’s meetings, each paid share entitles the Member State shareholder to one vote. See 
"Management—The Council". 
The Issuer may pay dividends approved by a resolution of the Council provided that the Issuer’s Reserve 
Fund amounts to at least 15.0% of the authorised equity capital of the Issuer. The Issuer has not declared or paid any 
dividends, as the Issuer's Reserve Fund currently amounts to approximately 9.6% of the paid-in share capital. The 
Issuer does not plan to pay dividends in the near term.

--- Page 120 ---
110 
The authorised equity capital of the Issuer may be increased by a decision of the Council. Upon any increase 
in equity, current participants are entitled, but not required, to acquire new shares on a pre-emptive basis. 
The Charter provides that further interested states or international organisations may become members of the 
Issuer. Such participation will require a resolution of the Council, accession to the Establishing Agreement and the 
acquisition of shares in the Issuer. See "—Introduction and Overview". 
Competition 
The Issuer operates in a relatively competitive market for the provision of financing to development projects. 
The Issuer’s principal competitors are national, regional and other international development banks as well as large 
local commercial and state-owned banks operating within the region (including the EEU markets), although the Issuer 
attempts to avoid direct competition with such banks where possible. In addition to local commercial and 
development banks, foreign commercial banks, especially those located in the Russian Federation, play an important 
role in providing financing to corporate customers. The Issuer does not, however, believe that it competes with the 
smaller-sized commercial banks also active in the region. Such commercial banks tend to provide shorter-term 
funding, have target industries that are different from those of the Issuer and, as a rule, are less competitive than the 
Issuer in terms of interest charged. Additionally, other development banks have their own lending criteria and focus 
and these do not generally overlap with the Issuer’s business. In certain cases, the Issuer and other development banks 
cooperate in the provision of loan facilities to borrowers. 
Legal Status, Privileges and Immunities 
The property and assets of the Issuer that are located in the territories of its Member States are immune from 
all forms of seizure, attachment, execution, search, requisition, arrest, confiscation or expropriation before the delivery 
of a final judgment against the Issuer. The archives, property and information belonging to the Issuer are inviolable in 
the territories of its Member States. The members of the Council, the Chairman of the Management Board, all Deputy 
Chairmen of the Management Board, members of the Management Board and all employees of the Issuer are granted 
immunity from most judicial or administrative prosecutions in the Member States against actions carried out by them 
whilst performing their official duties to the Issuer. 
To the extent required by the Issuer in order to achieve its objectives or perform its duties, all of the Issuer’s 
property and assets are free from all restrictions, seizure, injunctions and moratoria. However, the Charter allows the 
Council to waive any immunity, privilege or benefit granted by the Charter (either with or without conditions attached 
to such waiver) if it is in the interests of the Issuer to do so. The Chairman of the Management Board is obliged to 
waive any immunity or privilege concerning any employee of the Issuer (except members of the Management Board) 
when, in his or her opinion, such immunity or privilege would be detrimental to justice, and when such a waiver would 
not cause any harm to the Issuer. In similar circumstances and under the same conditions, the Council is obliged to 
waive any immunity or privilege concerning the members of the Management Board. 
The Issuer, its income, property and other assets, as well as all of the operations and transactions carried out 
by it in accordance with the Charter within the territory of its Member States are exempt from all taxes, levies, duties 
and other payments except for certain fees for services rendered. All obligations under securities issued by the Issuer, 
including the Notes issued under the Programme, together with all interest or dividends payable thereon are paid by 
the Issuer free of tax in the Member States. 
The Issuer is exempt from licensing, supervision and regulation, including by the central banking authorities 
of the Member States.  
Disputes between the Issuer and the government of any Member State under agreements between the Issuer 
and a Member State are to be resolved first by negotiation and, if those negotiations fail, by the Council, and, to the 
extent remain unresolved, by arbitration.

--- Page 121 ---
111 
Technology 
The Issuer uses information technology from well-known market leaders. Information technology 
infrastructure and data processing are centralised at the head office, which connects other offices to all the data and 
applications through specialised facilities featuring automatic user identification and encryption. 
The main information systems currently in place include corporate electronic mail and facilities for collateral 
data processing based on Microsoft technologies, a system of electronic document circulation also used under 
Microsoft DBMS, a banking account system based on Oracle DBMS, a data warehouse system based on Oracle OFSA 
technology and a remote access system to the Issuer’s data and applications from Citrix technology.  
To mitigate the effects of technological failures on the Issuer’s business, the Issuer maintains standby and 
spare data servers in Almaty and a spare data centre in Moscow. Additionally, the Issuer maintains alternative SWIFT 
and Internet connection providers. The Issuer alternates its SWIFT communication between the channels of two 
different providers every month. The Issuer anticipates that, if necessary, the Issuer’s Internet connection would be 
switched to another of the Issuer’s providers if the connection of the provider then in use is not working. The Issuer 
also has alternative power sources available to it, including an electric generator. See "Risk Factors—Risk Factors 
Relating to the Issuer—Operational risk". 
In 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, a special emergency commission was created which focused on 
monitoring the spread of COVID-19 and the implementation of necessary measures to curtail its impact on the Issuer’s 
business operations. The Issuer reviewed critical IT components in its spare data centre in Moscow. Due to the 
pandemic, most of the Issuer's employees began working remotely, and regular sanitisation treatment of offices was 
provided. No material technological disruptions have been identified in the Issuer's IT systems in 2020. All of the 
Issuer's employees continue to have remote access to the Issuer’s IT infrastructure. 
Location of Offices 
The headquarters of the Issuer are located at 220 Dostyk Avenue, 050051, Almaty, the Republic of 
Kazakhstan and the Issuer’s telephone number is +7 (727) 244 40 44. The Issuer has a branch office in St. Petersburg, 
Russian Federation and has representative offices in Moscow, Russian Federation, Nur-Sultan, Republic of 
Kazakhstan, Dushanbe, Republic of Tajikistan, Yerevan, Republic of Armenia, Minsk, Republic of Belarus and 
Bishkek, Kyrgyz Republic. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had 331 employees. 
Litigation 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings which might have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 122 ---
112 
MANAGEMENT 
General 
The Charter provides that the Issuer is governed by the following: 
 
the Council, which is the supreme management body of the Issuer and carries out the strategic and general 
management of the Issuer’s activities; 
 
the Management Board, which is regulated by, and accountable to, the Council and oversees the day-to-day 
administration of the Issuer; and 
 
the Chairman of the Management Board, who manages the Issuer and the Management Board with powers 
vested in him by the Charter and the Council. 
The Council 
The Council is the supreme management body of the Issuer and is responsible for the overall supervision 
of its activities. Each Member State appoints, in its sole discretion, one plenipotentiary representative and one alternate 
plenipotentiary representative, both of whom are members of the Council. Each Member State has appointed two 
members to the Council. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Council consists of ten members.  
The Member States do not have equal votes at Council meetings. Rather, each Member State is allocated 
the equivalent number of votes in the Council as are allocated to it by the amount of its shares in the Issuer’s charter 
capital. Unless otherwise specified in the Charter, matters are decided at Council meetings by the affirmative vote of 
the holders of a majority of the share capital. The affirmative vote of the holders of three-fourths of the share capital 
is required to (i) determine the Issuer’s major lines of business, (ii) admit new shareholders, (iii) make decisions with 
respect to increasing or decreasing the Issuer’s equity capital or redistribution of paid-in equity capital among 
shareholders, (iv) make decisions with respect to opening branches and establishing subsidiaries, (v) suspend a 
Member State’s rights as a shareholder of the Issuer, (vi) amend the Charter and (vii) make decisions to suspend 
operations and dissolve the Issuer. While the Russian Federation holds the majority of the votes in the Council as it 
holds 66.0% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Issuer, in practice, mutual agreement of all the Member States 
is sought in order to pass a decision. In addition, the Issuer has established its corporate governance policies, which 
allow the Issuer to ensure the required balance of interests among its Member States, protect minority shareholders 
and maintain its credit ratings at a level not less than the respective credit ratings of its founding Member States. 
The Chairman of the Council is elected on an annual basis and is currently Mr. Mamin, the Prime Minister 
of the Republic of Kazakhstan. The Chairman of the Management Board may participate in meetings of the Council 
as a non-voting member. 
The Council may delegate powers to the Management Board, except for certain matters reserved for the 
Council, including the acceptance of new members, increasing or decreasing the Issuer’s capital, redistributing the 
Issuer’s equity capital between members, nominating and dismissing the Chairman of the Management Board, 
establishing branches and subsidiaries, suspending membership of a member, suspending the Issuer’s operations and 
amending the Charter. 
The Council meets at least twice a year but is also required to meet at the request of the Management Board, 
the Chairman of the Management Board or any Member State or group of Member States holding not less than one-
quarter of the Issuer’s paid in equity capital. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following persons have been appointed as members of the 
Council:

--- Page 123 ---
113 
Name 
Title 
Appointed By 
Mher Grigoryan 
Deputy Prime Minister 
of the 
Republic of Armenia 
Republic of Armenia 
Armen Hayrapetyan 
Deputy Finance Minister of the 
Republic of Armenia 
Republic of Armenia 
Yury Seliverstov 
Minister of Finance of the Republic 
of Belarus 
Republic of Belarus 
Dmitry Yaroshevich 
Deputy Minister of Economy of the 
Republic of Belarus 
Republic of Belarus 
Askar Mamin 
Prime Minister of the Republic of 
Kazakhstan, the Chairman of the 
Council 
Republic of Kazakhstan 
Alikhan Smailov 
Deputy Prime Minister 
of the 
Republic of Kazakhstan 
Republic of Kazakhstan 
Anton Siluanov 
Minister of Finance of the Russian 
Federation 
Russian Federation 
Sergey Storchak 
Adviser to the Minister of Finance of 
the Russian Federation 
Russian Federation 
Faiziddin Qahhorzoda 
Minister of Finance of the Republic 
of Tajikistan 
Republic of Tajikistan 
Zavqi Zavqizoda 
Minister of Economic Development 
and Trade of the Republic of 
Tajikistan 
Republic of Tajikistan 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, members of the Council from the Republic of Kyrgyzstan have not 
been appointed. 
The business address of the Council is 220 Dostyk Avenue, 050051, Almaty, the Republic of Kazakhstan. 
Management Board 
The Management Board is responsible for the conduct of all of the day-to-day administration of the Issuer 
that is not specifically reserved for the Council and exercises all powers delegated to it by the Council. 
The Council determines the number of members of the Management Board and appoints and dismisses 
members of the Management Board. Any person who is a member of the Council may not simultaneously be a member 
of the Management Board and vice versa. The Charter requires that meetings of the Management Board be held at 
least once every two months; however, the Management Board has historically met more frequently. Meetings are 
quorate if not less than two-thirds of the total members of the Management Board are present. Each member of the 
Management Board has one vote and a resolution is passed by a simple majority of votes at a meeting that is quorate. 
The Chairman of the Management Board has the authority to cast the deciding vote in the case of an equal split of 
votes. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Management Board comprises ten members. Certain biographical 
information regarding members of the Management Board and the Chairman of the Management Board is provided 
below:

--- Page 124 ---
114 
Name and position 
Background and principal outside activities and duties 
Nikolai Podguzov 
Chairman of the Management Board 
Nikolai Podguzov graduated from Saint-Petersburg State Institute of 
Technology with a degree in applied mathematics and physics and from 
MGIMO University (Moscow State Institute of International Relations) 
with a degree in world economy. Between 2000 and 2003, Mr. Podguzov 
held various positions at the Ministry of Finance of Russia. From 2003 to 
2006, he was appointed vice president of Trust Investment Bank. Between 
2006 and 2010, Mr. Podguzov was appointed vice president and director 
of department at Renaissance Capital. Between 2010 and 2012, Mr. 
Podguzov served as director at VTB Capital. In 2012, he became deputy 
director of the Department of Economy and Finance within the Russian 
government. Between 2013 and 2017, Mr. Podguzov was Deputy Minister 
of Economic Development. Between July 2017 and June 2020, 
Mr. Podguzov was the general director and head of strategic development 
at Russian Post. On 29 June 2020, Mr. Podguzov was appointed the 
Chairman of the Management Board. 
Sergey Vasiliev 
Deputy Chairman of the Management 
Board 
Sergey Vasiliev graduated from the Saint-Petersburg State University of 
Economics (former name Leningrad Institute of Finance and Economics) 
with a degree in economical cybernetics. Mr. Vasiliev is a professor 
holding a PhD in economics. Between 1991 and 1994, he was the head of 
the Centre for Economic Reforms under the Government of the Russian 
Federation. From 1994 to 1997, he became deputy Minister of Economy 
of the Russian Federation. Between 1997 and 1998, Mr. Vasiliev held the 
position of the first deputy head of administration of the Russian 
government. From 1998 to 1999, he was the chairman of the management 
board of the International Investment Bank. From 1999 to 2001, he was 
appointed president of the Leontief International Centre for Social and 
Economic Research. Between 2001 and 2007, Mr. Vasiliev was a member 
of the Federation Council for the Federal Assembly of the Russian 
Federation, a chairman of the Committee for Financial Markets and 
Monetary Circulation, and also a representative of the Federation Council 
to the National Banking Council. Between 2007 and 2019, he was the 
deputy chairman of VEB.RF. Mr. Vasiliev was appointed Deputy 
Chairman of the Management Board on 14 July 2020.

--- Page 125 ---
115 
Leonid Grachkov 
Deputy Chairman of the Management 
Board 
Leonid Grachkov received a degree in ship armament from the Leninsky 
Komsomol Higher Naval School for Submarine Navigation, a degree in 
finance from the St. Petersburg State University of Economics and 
Finance and a degree in law from the Civil Aviation Academy. From 1988 
to 1993, Mr. Grachkov served as a military officer in the Russian Ministry 
of Defence. From 1993 to 2003, he served in the tax police. From 2003 to 
2007, Mr. Grachkov was the head of the Novgorod department of the 
Federal Drug Control Service of the Russian Federation (police major 
general). From 2007 to 2010, he worked as the head of Kaliningrad 
operational customs. Between 2010 and 2012, he served in the Federal 
Customs Service as first deputy head of the regional operational search 
department. From 2012 to 2017, Mr. Grachkov was the head of the 
regional customs department for the radio-electronic security of the 
customs infrastructure (lieutenant general of the customs service). 
Between 2017 and 2018, he served as deputy head of the Central Customs 
Department and head of operational customs. From 2018 to 2020, Mr. 
Grachkov was a member of the management board and deputy CEO for 
corporate security at Russian Post. Between August 2020 and February 
2021, he held the position of Senior Managing Director of the Issuer, and 
on 1 February 2021, Mr. Grachkov was appointed Deputy Chairman of 
the Management Board. 
Ruslan Dalenov 
Deputy Chairman of the Management 
Board 
Ruslan Dalenov graduated from the Marmara University (Istanbul) with a 
degree in economics and from the Financial Academy under the 
Government of the Russian Federation with a master's degree in 
economics and business. From 1999 to 2002, Mr. Dalenov was a staff 
member, then served as the head of the Oil, Gas and Energy Department 
and then Head of the Revenue Analysis and Forecasting Department of 
the Ministry of State Revenue of the Republic of Kazakhstan. Between 
2002 and 2003, he was the head of the Current Revenue Department of 
the Revenue, Convention and Contracts Service of Kazakhstan's Ministry 
of Finance. Between 2003 and 2005, Mr. Dalenov was appointed Director 
of the Revenue Analysis Department of the Ministry of Finance of the 
Republic of Kazakhstan. From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Dalenov headed a 
private company and was appointed general manager of the Agency on 
Research on Profitability of Investments. Between 2008 and 2017, he was 
appointed Vice-Minister of Finance of the Republic of Kazakhstan. From 
2017 to 2019, Mr. Dalenov served as first Vice-Minister of the National 
Economy of the Republic of Kazakhstan and from 2019 to 2021 as the 
Minister of National Economy of the Republic of Kazakhstan. On 8 
February 2021, Ruslan Dalenov was appointed Deputy Chairman of the 
Management Board.

--- Page 126 ---
116 
Denis Ilyin 
Deputy Chairman of the Management 
Board 
Denis Ilyin graduated from Lomonosov Moscow State University with a 
degree in applied mathematics and English philology. He also received an 
MBA from the London Business School. From 1996 to 2006, Mr. Ilyin 
held the positions of deputy general director, managing director and 
manufacturing director at Volga-Dnepr Airlines. Between 2006 and 2008, 
he served as senior vice president for strategy and commerce and general 
director at AirBridgeCargo Airlines. From 2008 to 2013, Mr. Ilyin worked 
at Basic Element Company as managing director of the aviation 
directorate. Between 2013 and 2016, he served as executive president at 
AirBridgeCargo Airlines, and was a member of the board of directors of 
the Volga-Dnepr Group. From 2018 to 2020, Mr. Ilyin was a member of 
the management board and deputy CEO for international business at 
Russian Post. Between September 2020 and February 2021, Mr. Ilyin held 
the position of Senior Managing Director of the Issuer, and on 1 February 
2021, he was appointed Deputy Chairman of the Management Board. 
Amangeldy Issenov 
Deputy Chairman of the Management 
Board 
Amangeldy Issenov graduated from the Karaganda Metallurgical Institute 
with a degree in economics and management of iron and steel works in 
2000 and from the Almaty Management Institute in 2017 with an MBA. 
Between 2000 and 2002, he worked in the Ministry of Finance as a chief 
specialist, then between 2002 and 2003 as a treasurer in the CJSC "Fund 
for Small Business Development". From 2004 to 2008, he served as 
financial director in a number of private companies. From 2008 to 2017, 
he headed the Budget Lending Department of Kazakhstan's Ministry of 
Finance. In July 2017, Mr. Issenov was appointed the Managing Director 
for Business Development of the Projects Department. On 19 February 
2018, Mr. Issenov was appointed Member of the Management Board, and 
in June 2018, Mr. Issenov was appointed Deputy Chairman of the 
Management Board. 
Daniyar Imangaliyev 
Deputy Chairman of the Management 
Board 
Daniyar Imangaliyev graduated from the Abai Almaty State University 
with a degree in finance and from the Kazakhstan Institute of 
Management, Economics and Strategic Research with an MBA. From 
2006 to 2007, Mr. Imangaliyev worked at the ATF Bank Treasury as a 
specialist at the division of conversion transactions of dealing department. 
Between 2007 and 2008, he worked as a dealer in the brokerage services 
sector in Kazkommertsbank. From August 2008 to January 2021, Mr. 
Imangaliyev held various positions at the Issuer, namely, Chief Specialist 
of Financial Market Transactions Division, Deputy Head of Financial 
Market Transactions Divisions, Head of Money Market Division and 
Director of Treasury at the Issuer. On 1 February 2021, Mr. Imangaliyev 
was appointed Deputy Chairman of the Management Board.

--- Page 127 ---
117 
Yelena Kubanova 
Deputy Chairman of the Management 
Board 
Yelena Kubanova graduated from Moscow State Linguistic University 
with a degree in translation and translation studies, and from Nottingham 
Trent University’s Business School with an international qualification 
from the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD). From 
2003 to 2006, Ms. Kubanova worked in MONEX TRADING as a human 
resources manager. Between 2006 and 2016, she served as HR director in 
a number of companies, and from 2017 to 2018, Ms. Kubanova held the 
position of vice president for human resources in SoftLine Trade. From 
2018 to 2020, Ms. Kubanova served as advisor to the first deputy general 
director for financial, legal and administrative matters; as advisor to the 
general director for HR management; and as deputy general director for 
personnel and social matters at Russian Post, and in October 2019, she 
was appointed member of the management board of Russian Post. From 
July 2020 to January 2021, she held the position of Senior Managing 
Director and Advisor on Organisational Development to the Issuer 
Advisor Office, and on 1 February 2021, Ms. Kubanova was appointed 
Deputy Chair of the Management Board of the Issuer.  
Yaroslav Mandron 
Deputy Chairman of the Management 
Board 
Yaroslav Mandron graduated from the State University of Management 
with a degree in public and municipal administration and a law degree. 
From 2005 to 2007, he worked in the Federal Agency for Federal Property 
Management as a specialist. Between 2007 and 2017, Mr. Mandron 
worked as a specialist and then director at the Department for the State 
Regulation of Tariffs, Infrastructure Reforms and Energy Efficiency of 
the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation. From 
2017 to 2020, Mr. Mandron held the post of Deputy CEO for strategy and 
government regulation and deputy CEO for postal business and social 
services at Russian Post. In October 2019, Mr. Mandron was appointed 
member of the management board of Russian Post. From September 2020 
to January 2021, he held the position of Senior Managing Director of the 
Issuer, and on 1 February 2021, Mr. Mandron was appointed Deputy 
Chairman of the Management Board. 
Berik Mukhambetzhanov 
Deputy Chairman of the Management 
Board 
Berik Mukhambetzhanov graduated from the Kazakh State Academy of 
Management. Between 1993 and 1997, he worked at the National Bank 
of Kazakhstan. From 1997 to 1998, he worked at Bank TuranAlem. From 
1998 to 2006, he worked at HSBC Kazakhstan, initially as the deputy 
financial controller and from 2003 as the financial controller and a 
member of the management board. In 2006, he was the director of the 
internal audit department at Samruk Holding. In 2007, he started working 
at the Issuer as the Head of Planning and Reporting Department and from 
September 2010 to January 2021 he was the Managing Director for 
Finance. In December 2010, Mr. Mukhambetzhanov was appointed to the 
Management Board, and on 1 February 2021, he was appointed Deputy 
Chairman of the Management Board.

--- Page 128 ---
118 
Tigran Sargsyan 
Deputy Chairman of the Management 
Board 
Tigran Sargsyan graduated from the Saint-Petersburg State University of 
Economics (former name Leningrad Institute of Finance and Economics) 
with a diploma cum laude. In 1987, Mr. Sargsyan received a PhD in 
economics from the same university. Between 1987 and 1990, Mr. 
Sargsyan was a senior researcher and the head of international economic 
relations at the Institute of Economics and Planning. From 1990 to 1995, 
he was a member of the Supreme Council of Armenia, chairman of the 
committee for financial, credit and budget issues at the Supreme Council 
of Armenia, and a member of the Presidium of the Supreme Council. From 
1995 to 1998, he was President of Armenia's Banking Association, and 
from 1998 to 2008, served as the chairman of the Central Bank of 
Armenia. Mr. Sargsyan served as Prime Minister of Armenia from 2008 
to 2014 and was appointed Armenia’s Ambassador to the United States 
between 2014 and 2016. Between 2016 and 2020, he was the chairman of 
the Board of the Eurasian Economic Commission. Mr. Sargsyan was 
appointed Deputy Chairman of the Management Board on 17 March 2020. 
Tigran Sargsyan was awarded the first-class Medal for Services to the 
Fatherland by a decree of the President of Armenia. The Government of 
the Russian Federation awarded him the first-class Stolypin Medal. He 
was also awarded the Medal of Anania Shirakatsi. In October 2019, the 
President of Kazakhstan, Kassym-Jomart Tokayev, awarded him the 
Order of Friendship. In December 2019, the President of Russia, Vladimir 
Putin, awarded Tigran Sargsyan with the Order of Friendship and the 
president of the Kyrgyz Republic awarded him the Dank Medal. Tigran 
Sargsyan holds honorary doctorates from the Armenian State University 
of Economics, St. Petersburg State University of Economics, Gumilyov 
Eurasian 
National 
University 
(Kazakhstan), 
and 
an 
honorary 
professorship from the Kyrgyz-Russian Slavic University. 
The business address of each Member of the Management Board is 220 Dostyk Avenue, 050051, Almaty, 
the Republic of Kazakhstan. 
Chairman of the Management Board 
The Chairman of the Management Board is the official representative of the Issuer and is responsible for 
supervising the activities of the Issuer, provided that he acts within the framework of the rights given to him under the 
Charter and by resolution of the Council. 
The Chairman of the Management Board is elected by the Council upon the nomination of the founding 
Member States for a period of four years with the right to be re-elected for one further term of four years. The Chairman 
is entitled to represent the Issuer and enter into contracts and transactions on its behalf. The Council has the power to 
terminate the appointment of the Chairman of the Management Board prior to the expiration of that person’s current 
term of office. Any resolution of the Council to terminate the appointment of the Chairman of the Management Board 
must be adopted by a qualified majority (3/4) of votes available to the members of the Council in order to become 
effective. 
Advisors to the Chairman of the Management Board. 
The Chairman of the Management Board regularly consults with its advisors specialising in different areas 
of the Issuer's business.

--- Page 129 ---
119 
One of the advisors, Mr. Grigory Marchenko, has served as the head of the NBK between 1999 and 2004, 
and again between 2009 and 2013. Mr. Marchenko won Euromoney magazine’s 2003 Central Bank Governor of the 
year award. Between terms as the head of the NBK he served as the head of Halyk Savings Bank of Kazakhstan, the 
largest bank in Kazakhstan by market share. Mr. Marchenko was appointed advisor to the Chairman of the 
Management Board in October 2020. He regularly speaks at public conferences and communicates with investors and 
the broader public on behalf of the Issuer.  
Conflicts of Interest 
No member of either the Council or the Management Board has any actual or potential conflict of interest 
between their duties to the Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Internal Audit Service 
The Internal Audit Service reports directly to the Council and is responsible for the internal control of the 
financial and administrative activities of the Issuer. The main functions of the Internal Audit Service are to establish 
risk controls as well as acceptable levels of credit and market risks to which the Issuer is exposed. 
Committees and Commissions  
Committees and Commissions of the Council 
The Council has established the following committees and commissions that report directly to the Council: 
 
The Budget Committee is responsible mainly for the preparation of an expert opinion with respect to the 
draft budget for the subsequent financial year as provided by the Management Board and review of 
proposals to amend the approved budget for the current financial year. The committee consists of seven 
members, including representatives of the Council; representatives of the Management Board; 
representatives of the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Kazakhstan; and representatives of the 
Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation. 
 
The Strategy Committee is a standing collegiate advisory body of the Council responsible for the 
preliminary consideration and coordination of decisions on priority directions of the Issuer’s investment 
activity, activity aimed at achievement of the Issuer’s strategic aims and coordinating proposals on 
formation of the strategic directions of the Issuer’s investment activity. The Committee must have no less 
than seven members. Each Member State has the right to be represented on the Committee. The Chairman 
of the Committee is a member of the Board of the Issuer. The Committee consists of members of the 
Council; members of the Board; employees of the Issuer; and officials of Member States possessing the 
required qualifications.  
 
The Revision Commission reviews financial reports of the Issuer, monitors decisions made by the Council 
and ensures that they are implemented by the Management Board. The Revision Commission is also 
responsible for ensuring that all procedures and policies of the Issuer are observed and carried out. In 
addition, the Revision Commission has certain responsibilities in relation to issues concerning the financial 
condition of the Issuer, risk management, lending and other business and operational activities; and 
 
The Staff Committee prepares recommendations for the Council regarding staff management, human 
resources policies and compensation and benefits. Each Member State appoints one representative to the 
Staff Committee. The Staff Committee also includes members of the Management Board; employees of the 
Issuer; and officials of Member States possessing the required qualifications.

--- Page 130 ---
120 
Committees and Commissions of the Management Board 
The Management Board has established the following committees and commissions that report directly to 
the Management Board: 
 
The Assets and Liabilities Management Committee. See "Risk Management—Assets and Liabilities 
Management Committee". 
 
The Credit Committee. See "Risk Management—Credit Committee". 
 
The Personnel Issues Committee establishes the Issuer’s general policy on human resources and determines 
and develops systems for manpower management and motivation. It also creates policies and procedures 
relating to the Issuer’s corporate culture, corporate rules and regulations and all other issues relating to the 
Issuer’s employees. It consists of Deputy Chairman of the Management Board, managing director, Human 
Resource Service, Planning and Accounting Division and other employees. 
 
The Procurement Committee controls the Issuer’s procurement procedures and requirements regarding 
products or services to be purchased, contractors and other terms and conditions of contracts. It consists of 
six members and reports directly to the Chairman of the Management Board. 
 
The Committee on the Technical Assistance Fund assesses the terms of financing to be provided by the 
Technical Assistance Fund that are subject to final approval by the Management Board. It consists of the 
Head of Advisors Group, Deputy Chairman of the Management Board, representatives of the Project Groups, 
Credit and Risk Department, Analytics Department, the Legal Department and other employees. 
 
The Ethics Commission investigates violations of business ethics and provides the results to the Chairman 
of such investigations, the Management Board and the Head of the Internal Audit Service. The Commission 
consists of representatives of the Security and Compliance Control Department, the Human Resource 
Service, the Legal Department and other employees. 
 
The Committee on Project Activities assesses prospective projects at the concept stage, evaluates the current 
status of the investment portfolio, analyses the influence of microeconomic risks on projects and decides 
on the activities of Project Groups. The Committee consists of the Chairman of the Management Board, 
senior managing director, Deputy Chairman of the Management Board, the representatives of the Project 
Groups, the Strategic Development Direction, the Legal Department, the Security and Compliance Control 
Department, the Credit and Risk Department, the Planning and Accounting Division, directors in Armenia, 
Belarus, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and other employees. 
 
The Committee on Information Security Management was established to organise and coordinate activities 
related to information security and to make relevant strategic decisions. The Committee on Information 
Security Management consists of nine members. The Chairman of the Management Board chairs the 
Committee on Information Security Management.

--- Page 131 ---
121 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") that, subject to completion and as 
completed by the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global 
Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement or (ii) 
these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on the Notes in definitive form and the Global Notes. In relation to any Tranche of 
Exempt Notes only, the applicable Pricing Supplement may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following terms and conditions, replace or modify the 
following terms and conditions for the purpose of such Exempt Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in 
these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the Trust Deed or Part A of the applicable Final Terms or, 
in relation to Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Those definitions will be endorsed on the Notes in 
definitive form or Global Notes, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme and references in the Conditions to "applicable 
Final Terms" shall be deemed to be a reference to "applicable Pricing Supplement" in the case of Exempt Notes. 
Where used in the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement, references to the "Issue Price" refer to the price at which 
the Notes will be offered. 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes 
(the "Issue Date"), the "Trust Deed"), dated on or about 26 February 2021 between the Eurasian Development Bank 
(the "Issuer") and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for 
the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). These 
terms and conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which 
includes the forms of the Notes referred to below. An Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the 
Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement") dated on 26 February 2021 has been entered into in relation to the Notes 
between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"), 
principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent" and a "Paying Agent") and transfer agent (a "Transfer 
Agent"), and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the "Registrar"). Copies of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement are available for inspection upon a reasonable request during usual business hours at the principal 
office of the Trustee (presently at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) and at the 
specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
The Noteholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency 
Agreement. 
As used in these Conditions, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects. Certain terms used 
in these Conditions are defined in Condition 20 (Definitions). 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in registered form in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the applicable Final Terms 
or integral multiples thereof, provided that (i) the Specified Denomination(s) shall not be less than 
EUR100,000 or its equivalent in another currency, (ii) with respect to (a) Notes which are not admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area and/or the United Kingdom or offered to 
the public in a member state of the European Economic Area and/or the United Kingdom in circumstances

--- Page 132 ---
122 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, as applicable, and (b) Notes with a maturity of less than 365 days, a lower Specified 
Denomination specified in the applicable Final Terms  may apply  and (iii) interests in the Rule 144A Notes 
shall be held in amounts of not less than U.S.$200,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating Rate Note. 
Title to the Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the 
Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the "Register"). Except as ordered by 
a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the person in whose name a Note is registered, "holder" shall be 
read accordingly and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms, the 
absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
Transfers of Notes 
(a) 
Transfer of Notes: One or more Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the relevant Note or Notes, together with the form of 
transfer endorsed on such Note or Notes (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form 
and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the 
Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may 
reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of a Note, a new Note shall be 
issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Note in respect of the 
balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and 
entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made 
available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(b) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Notes: In the case of an exercise of an 
Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of Notes, a new 
Note shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance 
of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Notes of the 
same holding having different terms, separate Notes shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that 
holding that have the same terms. New Notes shall only be issued against surrender of the existing 
Notes to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Notes to a person who is 
already a holder of Notes, a new Note representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Note representing the existing holding. 
(c) 
Delivery of New Notes: Each new Note to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a) or (b) shall be 
available for delivery within five business days of receipt of the form of transfer or Exercise Notice 
(as defined in Condition 7(e)) and surrender of the Note for exchange. Delivery of the new Note(s) 
shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) 
to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Note shall have been

--- Page 133 ---
123 
made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified 
in the relevant form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured 
post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Note to such address as may be so specified, unless 
such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such 
other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(c), "business 
day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the 
place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfer of Notes on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or partial 
redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed 
in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may 
require). 
(e) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Note to be registered (i) during the 
period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any interest amount in 
respect of, that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be 
called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 7(d), 7(f), 7(g) or 7(h) or (iii) 
after any such Note has been called for redemption. 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu in 
right of payment with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
save only for such obligations as may be preferred by mandatory provisions of any applicable law. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest, except for any Permitted Security 
Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled 
capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness without at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes 
equally and rateably therewith (to the satisfaction of the Trustee) or providing such other arrangement as may 
be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or as the Trustee in its discretion shall deem to be not materially 
less beneficial to the Noteholders. 
5. 
Information 
So long as any Notes are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities 
Act, the Issuer will, during any period in which it is neither subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange 
Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) therefore, provide to any Noteholder or beneficial 
owner of such restricted securities or to any prospective purchaser of such restricted securities designated by 
such Noteholder or beneficial owner or to the Trustee for delivery to such Noteholder, beneficial owner or 
prospective purchaser, in each case upon the request of such Noteholder, beneficial owner, prospective 
purchaser or Trustee, the information satisfying the requirements of Rule 144(d)(4) under the Securities Act.

--- Page 134 ---
124 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal 
amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable 
on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
principal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown in the Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be specified in the Final Terms as either ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination and the provisions below relating to either 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified in the Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 135 ---
125 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for 
an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms 
(y) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and 
"Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest 
Accrual Period in accordance with the following: 
(x) 
if a Relevant Screen Page is specified on the Final Terms, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose 
Relevant Rates appear on that Page, in each case appearing on such 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(y) 
if Reference Banks are specified on the Final Terms or if sub paragraph 
(x)(I) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (x)(II) above 
applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant 
Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 136 ---
126 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent (in consultation 
with the Issuer) determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are so 
quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) that the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) 
determines to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Benchmark 
(specified in the applicable Final Terms)) in respect of a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading 
banks selected by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency 
or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, in Europe (the "Principal Financial 
Centre") are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which 
such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period commencing 
on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) 
to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation 
Agent determines that fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to 
leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying on business in the 
Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period). If the provisions of this sub-paragraph fail to provide a means of 
determining the Rate of Interest, Condition 6(c) below shall apply. 
 
(c) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
 
If (i) a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time or (ii) the 
fallback provisions provided in Condition 6(b)(iii)(B) fail to provide means of determining the 
Original Reference Rate, when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining 
rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks 
specified in Condition 6(b)(iii)(B). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
  
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine and notify the Calculation Agent and the Principal 
Paying Agent no later than ten London business days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period, a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iv)). 
  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(i) shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to

--- Page 137 ---
127 
the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iv). 
(ii)  
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
 
 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 6(c)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 6(c)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(c)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation 
of this Condition 6(c)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
  
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate 
of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 6(c) and the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, or Relevant Screen 
Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 6(c)(v), with the consent of the Trustee, but without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. The Trustee shall consent to such Benchmark Amendments, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders and irrespective of the 
effect thereof on affected Noteholders and without any liability thereto, provided that (i) 
each change which the Issuer requires the Trustee to make pursuant to Condition 6(c) is a 
Benchmark Amendment and that the effect of the required drafting of such change is solely 
to implement a Benchmark Amendment; and (ii) the Trustee shall not be obliged to consent

--- Page 138 ---
128 
to any Benchmark Amendments which, in its sole opinion, would have the effect of (A) 
exposing the Trustee to any liabilities in respect of which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (B) increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights or protections of the Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and/or these Conditions (as applicable). In signing such Benchmark 
Amendments the Trustee shall rely, and shall be fully protected in relying upon, an officer’s 
certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer confirming that the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser has made the relevant determinations in accordance with this 
Condition 6(c)(i). 
  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(c), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
  
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, notify the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17, 
the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(c). 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest 
error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi)  
Fallbacks 
  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of 
the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the 
fallback provisions will continue to apply to such determination and the Issuer shall give 
notice thereof to the Trustee, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 17, the Noteholders by no later than 3 (three) London business days prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date. 
  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, 
to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6(c), mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 6(c) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), 
the fallback provisions specified in Condition 6(b)(iii)(B), will continue to apply in 
accordance with their terms).

--- Page 139 ---
129 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
In relation to Floating Rate Notes, if any Margin is specified in the Final Terms (either (x) 
generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) 
above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being 
rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which 
shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country or countries (as 
applicable) of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding  principal amount 
of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) 
is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: As soon as 
practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on such 
date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine such 
rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to

--- Page 140 ---
130 
the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange (or listing agent as the case may 
be) or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 6(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the 
Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 11, the accrued interest and 
the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest 
Amount so calculated need be made unless the Issuer otherwise requires. The determination of any 
rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation 
by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all 
parties. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its 
maturity is extended pursuant to any Issuer’s or Noteholder’s option in accordance with Condition 
7(d), 7(e), 7(f), 7(g) or 7(h), each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in 
the Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the Final 
Terms, is its principal amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 11, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the Final Terms, at any 
time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(b) 
above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if, immediately before 
giving such notice, the Issuer satisfies the Trustee that (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Member State or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof having power to tax therein, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it; provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be 
given earlier than 90 calendar days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. Before the

--- Page 141 ---
131 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee (1) a certificate signed by two members of the Management Board of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to so redeem have occurred and (2) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts and the 
Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in (ii) above in which event it shall be conclusive and 
binding on Noteholders. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Options: If a Call Option is 
specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar 
days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
Final Terms) redeem, or exercise any Issuer’s option (as may be described in the Final Terms) in 
relation to, all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a principal 
amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the Final 
Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the Final 
Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer’s option shall 
be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer’s option, the notice to 
Noteholders shall specify the principal amount of Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Notes, to 
be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in 
such place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
So long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Central Bank of Ireland and admitted to 
trading on the Main Market of Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange and the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a 
partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published on the website of such stock exchange or as 
specified by such other stock exchange, a notice specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options 
The Issuer shall, on the occurrence of a Put Event, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon 
the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ notice to the Issuer 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit the relevant Note(s) with the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (an 
"Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer

--- Page 142 ---
132 
Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Make-Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Make-Whole Redemption Option is specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may at any time, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms) redeem the outstanding Notes in 
whole, but not in part, at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the Make-
Whole Redemption Date specified in such notice. The Issuer shall, not less than 15 calendar days 
before the giving of any notice referred to above, notify the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Make-Whole Calculation Agent of its decision to exercise the Make-Whole Redemption Option. 
No later than the Business Day immediately following the Calculation Date, the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders of the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. All Notes shall be redeemed on the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition 7(f). If "Residual Maturity Par 
Call" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Issuer decides to redeem 
the Notes pursuant to the Make-Whole Redemption Option before the date falling three months 
before the relevant Maturity Date of the relevant Notes (the “Residual Maturity Redemption 
Date”), the Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be calculated taking into account the Residual 
Maturity Redemption Date and not the Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
"Make-Whole Calculation Agent" means (i) the international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer in relation to a series of Notes or (ii) the Issuer, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on a 
semi-annual or an annual basis (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin, plus in each case, any interest accrued 
on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date.  
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" means the margin as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means either (i) the average of the four quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security at the 
Quotation Time on the Calculation Date or if the Make-Whole Calculation Agent obtains fewer than 
four such Reference Dealer quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, provided to the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent no later than 12.00 p.m. (London time) on the Calculation Date (the 
"Cut-off Time"); or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate published at the Quotation Time on the 
Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Reference Dealers do not provide 
their quotations to the Make-Whole Calculation Agent by the Cut-off Time or the Reference Screen 
Rate is not available at the Quotation Time on the Calculation Date, the Issuer shall determine the

--- Page 143 ---
133 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate in its absolute discretion and notify the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent no later than close of business (London time) on the Calculation Date. The Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17. 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks selected by the Issuer which are primary 
government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such banks as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Reference Security" means the security as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Reference 
Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent or, if the Make-Whole Calculation Agent is Citibank, N.A., London Branch (or the Principal 
Paying Agent), the Issuer, at the Quotation Time on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer or, if the Make-Whole Calculation Agent is Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch (or the Principal Paying Agent), the Issuer itself and notified to the Reference 
Dealers no later than 10:00 a.m. (London time) on the Calculation Date and published in accordance 
with Condition 17.  
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of 
the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining 
term of the Notes.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. In connection with the foregoing, the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer 
and/or the Reference Dealers and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the 
Issuer and/or the Reference Dealers. 
 (g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Residual Maturity Par Call) 
If Residual Maturity Par Call is specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all, or some only, of the Notes at any time from and including the Residual Maturity 
Redemption Date to but excluding such Maturity Date, at their principal amount, together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 7(g). 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call) 
If 80 per cent. or more of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes (including for the 
avoidance of doubt the initial aggregate principal amount of any further Notes issued pursuant to

--- Page 144 ---
134 
Condition 16) have been redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries as a result 
of one or several redemptions or purchases, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption), redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes, in whole but not in part, at their principal 
amount, together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
(i)  
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
at any price. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be held, resold or, 
at the option of the Issuer, surrendered for cancellation by surrendering the Notes to the Registrar 
and, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith. 
Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
8. 
Payments   
(a) 
Payments of Principal and Interest 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender 
of the relevant Notes at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar 
and in the manner provided in the paragraph below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of business 
on (A) in relation to Notes other than Notes represented by a Global Note and Notes 
represented by a Global Note where Currency Exchange Option is specified in the Final 
Terms as being applicable pursuant to Condition 8(c) below, the fifteenth day before the 
due date for payment thereof  or (B) in relation to Notes represented by a Global Note 
(other than Notes represented by a Global Note where Currency Exchange Option is 
specified in the Final Terms as being applicable pursuant to Condition 8(c) below), the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for payment thereof. Payments of 
interest on each Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a bank 
and mailed by uninsured post to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such 
Note at its address appearing in the Register (the "Record Date"). The holder of such Notes 
will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any amount 
due in respect of such Notes as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition 
arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. Upon application by the 
holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record 
Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant 
currency maintained by the payee with a bank. 
(b) 
Payments in relation to the Notes where Specified Currency is Tenge ("KZT Notes") 
The following Conditions will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, apply in 
relation to the KZT Notes:

--- Page 145 ---
135 
(i)  
Payments of principal shall be made in U.S. Dollars and in the amounts calculated in 
accordance with paragraph (iii) below, only against presentation and surrender of the 
relevant KZT Notes at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or of the Registrar 
by U.S. Dollar cheque drawn on, or by transfer to a U.S. Dollar account maintained by the 
payee with a bank. 
(ii)  
Payments of interest shall be made to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on (A) the Record Date or (B) in relation to KZT Notes represented by a Global 
Note, the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for payment thereof. Payments 
of interest on each KZT Note shall be made in U.S. Dollars and in the amounts calculated 
in accordance with paragraph (iii) below, by (i) transfer to a U.S. Dollar account maintained 
by the payee with a bank or (ii) U.S. Dollar cheque drawn on a bank and mailed by 
uninsured post to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such KZT Note at its 
address appearing in the Register. The holder of such KZT Notes will not be entitled to any 
interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any amount due in respect of such KZT 
Notes as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the 
due date for payment or being lost in the post. 
(iii) 
Amounts of interest and principal due in respect of the KZT Notes will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent for payment in U.S. Dollars by dividing the relevant Tenge amounts 
by the Average Representative Market Rate on the applicable Rate Calculation Date. The 
Calculation Agent will, on each Rate Calculation Date, notify the Issuer, the Trustee and 
the Paying Agents of the amounts of interest and principal (stated in both Tenge and U.S. 
Dollars) payable on any Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date or any other date on 
which principal or interest becomes payable under these Conditions, as applicable, as well 
as the applicable Average Representative Market Rate. In connection with the foregoing, 
the Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely, without liability, investigation 
or verification, on any determinations made by the KZT Reference Banks. 
(iv) 
The determination of amounts of interest and principal due in respect of the KZT Notes 
and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(c) 
Currency Exchange Option for the Notes for which the Specified Currency is Roubles 
("Russian Rouble Notes") or KZT Notes 
(i)  
If Currency Exchange Option is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable in respect 
of the Russian Rouble Notes or KZT Notes represented by Notes in definitive form then 
Noteholders may, no later than the fifth business day (which has the meaning given to such 
term in Condition 8(g)) before the due date for any payment of interest or principal, give an 
irrevocable notice of election (a "U.S. Dollar Noteholder Election") to the Principal 
Paying Agent to receive such payment of interest or principal, as the case may be, in U.S. 
Dollars. Upon any such election in accordance with the foregoing, such interest or principal 
will be converted into U.S. Dollars by the Principal Paying Agent pursuant to this Condition 
8(c)(i). 
For so long as any Russian Rouble Notes or KZT Notes are represented by a Global Note 
deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a nominee for the

--- Page 146 ---
136 
common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream"), payments of principal and interest in respect of such Russian Rouble 
Notes or KZT Notes, as applicable, will be made or procured to be made in accordance with 
Clause 11 of the Agency Agreement pursuant to which any accountholder of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream may on or before the fifth business day before the due date for any 
payment of interest or principal give a U.S. Dollar Noteholder Election to the Principal 
Paying Agent to receive such payment of interest or principal, as the case may be, in U.S. 
Dollars through the notification procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream. 
For so long as any Russian Rouble Notes or KZT Notes are represented by a Rule 144A 
Global Note deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, 
The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), payments of principal and interest in respect of 
such Russian Rouble Notes or KZT Notes, as applicable, will be made or procured to be 
made in accordance with Clause 11 of the Agency Agreement pursuant to which any 
participant shown in any records of DTC (a "DTC Participant") as holder of the Notes will 
receive payments in respect of such Russian Rouble Notes or KZT Notes (i) in Russian 
Roubles or Tenge, respectively, in the case of a DTC Participant who has irrevocably 
elected to receive payments on the Russian Rouble Notes or on KZT Notes in Russian 
Roubles or Tenge, respectively, and has so notified DTC and the Principal Paying Agent 
on or prior to the time required by DTC for payments on the Russian Rouble Notes or KZT 
Notes to be made in Russian Roubles or Tenge respectively, by transfer of same day funds 
to the Russian Rouble or Tenge bank account designated by such DTC Participant, and (ii) 
in U.S. Dollars, in the case of all other DTC Participants, by crediting the DTC Participant’s 
U.S. Dollar account at DTC with the DTC Participant’s pro rata portion of the U.S. Dollars 
purchased with the applicable Exchange Amount by the Principal Paying Agent pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement. To the extent the Principal Paying Agent receives notification 
from or on behalf of the DTC Participants of their election to receive Russian Roubles or 
Tenge in accordance with the Conditions and the Rule 144A Global Note, the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange for payment in accordance with the wire instructions received 
from such DTC Participant. 
Following receipt of the Exchange Amount, the Principal Paying Agent shall, on the 
business day prior to each Interest Payment Date or any Maturity Date, as the case may be, 
(the "Exchange Date"), purchase U.S. Dollars (the "U.S. Dollar Amount") with the 
Exchange Amount at a purchase price calculated on the basis of the Applicable Exchange 
Rate for settlement on the relevant Interest Payment Date or any Maturity Date, as the case 
may be less any fees, including any spread on foreign exchange transactions, customarily 
charged by the Principal Paying Agent in connection with such conversion of the Exchange 
Amount. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8(c)(i), if the Russian Rouble Notes 
or KZT Notes, as applicable, are represented by Notes in definitive form and for any reason 
on the Exchange Date it is not possible for the Principal Paying Agent to purchase the U.S. 
Dollar Amount with the Exchange Amount at the Applicable Exchange Rate, the Principal 
Paying Agent shall notify the Issuer who shall notify the relevant Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 and the Paying Agents shall make payments on (i) the Russian Rouble 
Notes in Russian Roubles into a Russian Rouble account maintained by the payee or (ii)

--- Page 147 ---
137 
the KZT Notes in Tenge into a Tenge account maintained by the payee, as applicable, and 
shall incur no liability whatsoever to any person for so doing. 
If the Russian Rouble Notes or KZT Notes, as applicable, are represented by a Global Note 
deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a nominee for the 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream and for any reason on the Exchange Date 
it is not possible for the Principal Paying Agent to purchase the U.S. Dollar Amount with 
the Exchange Amount at the Applicable Exchange Rate, the Principal Paying Agent shall 
make payments on the Russian Rouble Notes in Russian Roubles or on the KZT Notes in 
Tenge, as applicable, to all Noteholders through the facilities of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, and shall incur no liability whatsoever to any person for so doing. If the 
Russian Rouble Notes or KZT Notes, as applicable, are represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Note deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC and 
for any reason on the Exchange Date it is not possible for the Principal Paying Agent to 
purchase the U.S. Dollar Amount with the Exchange Amount at the Applicable Exchange 
Rate, the Principal Paying Agent will hold the Exchange Amount until the relevant DTC 
Participants make alternative arrangements for receipt of payment in Russian Roubles or 
Tenge, as applicable, and shall incur no liability whatsoever to any person for so doing. 
(ii)  
Payments of principal shall be made, in the case of Notes in definitive form in respect of 
which a U.S. Dollar Noteholder Election has been made pursuant to Condition 8(c)(i), in 
U.S. Dollars, by cheque drawn on, or, upon application by a Noteholder to the Principal 
Paying Agent not later than the fifth day before the due date for any such payment, by 
transfer to a U.S. Dollar account maintained by the payee with a bank in London upon 
surrender of the relevant Notes at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, and in 
all other cases, in Russian Rouble or Tenge, as applicable, to be made by cheque drawn or 
by transfer to the Russian Rouble account or the Tenge account, as applicable, as has been 
notified by a Noteholder to the Principal Paying Agent not later than the fifth day before 
the due date for any such payment. 
(iii)  
Payments of interest shall be made, in the case of Notes in definitive form in respect of 
which a U.S. Dollar Noteholder Election has been made pursuant to Condition 8(c)(i), in 
U.S. Dollars, by cheque drawn on, or, upon application by a holder of a Note to the Principal 
Paying Agent not later than the fifth day before the due date for any such payment, by 
transfer to a U.S. Dollar account maintained by the payee with a bank in London, and (in 
the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case either of an 
interest payment prior to redemption or of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant 
Notes at the specified office of any Paying Agent and in all other cases, in Russian Rouble 
or Tenge, as applicable, to be made by cheque drawn or by transfer to the Russian Rouble 
account or the Tenge account, as applicable, as has been notified by a Noteholder to the 
Principal Paying Agent not later than the fifth day before the due date for any such payment. 
(iv)  
In respect of any Currency Exchange Option, on the business day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date or the Maturity Date, the Principal Paying Agent shall give due notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 of (a) the Exchange Amount and the U.S. 
Dollar Amount applicable to such Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as the case

--- Page 148 ---
138 
may be, and (b) the Applicable Exchange Rate at which such U.S. Dollar Amount was 
purchased by the Principal Paying Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(c), none of the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer 
shall be liable to any Noteholder or any other party for any losses whatsoever resulting from 
application by the Principal Paying Agent of the Applicable Exchange Rate. 
The Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely, without further investigation or 
enquiry, on any notification or irrevocable instructions received by it pursuant to this 
Condition 8(c) and shall not be liable to any party for any losses whatsoever resulting from 
acting in accordance with such notifications even though subsequent to its acting it may be 
found that there was some defect in the notification or the notification was not authentic. 
In accordance with the Agency Agreement, any calculation or determination performed or 
made by the Principal Paying Agent, for the purposes of these Conditions shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders 
and the other Agents. In making any determination, the Principal Paying Agent is acting 
exclusively as an agent of the Issuer and in accordance with the Conditions. 
Any foreign exchange transaction effected by the Principal Paying Agent will generally be 
a transaction to buy or sell currency between the Issuer and either the Principal Paying 
Agent or its affiliate. The Principal Paying Agent or its affiliate will trade the foreign 
exchange transaction as a principal for its own account, and not as an agent, fiduciary, or 
broker on behalf of the Issuer. In certain circumstances, the foreign exchange transaction 
may be transmitted to a sub-custodian. In such cases, the Principal Paying Agent, or its 
affiliate may not be the foreign exchange counterparty and the foreign exchange transaction 
may not be processed and priced as described herein. In forwarding certain foreign 
exchange transactions to the sub-custodian or affiliate for execution, the Principal Paying 
Agent does not serve as agent, fiduciary, or broker on behalf of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 9 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation 
Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The 
Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and, in certain circumstances, the Trustee and do not assume any obligation or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the 
approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent, the Registrar, 
any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or 
Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Principal Paying Agent, 
(ii) a Registrar, (iii) a Transfer Agent and (iv) a Paying Agent and a Transfer Agent having specified

--- Page 149 ---
139 
offices in such cities as may be required by any stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in 
each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be 
four Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant 
Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the Notes and 
for so long as any such Note is outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). If any Reference Bank 
(acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, 
then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre 
to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, within seven calendar days of the date upon which any such 
amount is due to be calculated, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over the counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
Notice of any such change shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
(g) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business 
in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" 
in the Final Terms and: 
(i) 
 (in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
 (in the case of a payment in Euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
deduction or withholding for, any taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any Member State or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having the power to tax (collectively "Member State Taxes"), unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law and/or by agreement of the Issuer. In such event, the Issuer will

--- Page 150 ---
140 
pay such additional amounts to the holder of any Note as will result in receipt by the Noteholder of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such Member State 
Taxes in respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection with the relevant Member 
State other than the mere holding of the Note or the receipt of payment thereunder; or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Note representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it 
for payment on the thirtieth day. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note means the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the 
date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that 
on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon 
such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or 
"interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any 
undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of not less than one-fifth in 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (subject in 
each case to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction in its sole discretion), but in the case of the 
happening of any of the events described in subparagraph (b) below, only if the Trustee shall have certified 
in writing to the Issuer that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders, shall, give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are and they shall become immediately due and 
repayable at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest if any of the following events 
(each, an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay the principal of any of the Notes or fails to pay any interest or additional 
amounts with respect to any of the Notes when the same becomes due and payable and such default 
continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance, or is otherwise in breach, of any covenant, obligation, 
undertaking or other agreement under the Notes or the Trust Deed (other than a default or breach

--- Page 151 ---
141 
elsewhere specified in this Condition 11) and such default or breach is not remedied within 30 days 
(or such longer period as the Trustee may in its sole discretion determine) after notice thereof has 
been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(c) 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any amount in excess of U.S.$50,000,000 (or 
the equivalent thereof in any other currency or currencies) in respect of principal of or interest on or 
premium in respect of any Indebtedness as and when such amount becomes due and payable and 
such failure continues beyond the expiration of any applicable grace period; or 
(d) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries with an aggregate principal amount in excess 
of U.S.$50,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency or currencies) becomes due and 
payable prior to the due date for payment thereof by reason of default by the Issuer or the relevant 
Subsidiary. 
12. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of a modification of any of these Conditions 
or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee 
and shall be convened by the Trustee upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less 
than 10 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for 
any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing a clear majority in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or 
at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
principal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes 
or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the 
principal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates 
or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if 
a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown in the Final Terms, 
to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, 
(vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to take any 
steps that as specified in the Final Terms may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply, (viii) to modify the provisions concerning 
the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary 
Resolution or any resolution. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed including by Written 
Resolution or Electronic Consent (each as defined in the Trust Deed), shall be binding on 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed 
or whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent). 
(b) 
Modification: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to (i) any 
modification of any of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed that is, in its opinion, of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other 
modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach

--- Page 152 ---
142 
or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of 
the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, 
authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree with the Issuer, 
subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, 
but without the consent of the Noteholders, to the substitution of the Issuer’s successor in business 
or of any previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. In 
the case of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to a 
change of the law governing the Notes and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not 
in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not 
limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders. 
13. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed 
or the Notes but it need not take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-fifth in principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. No 
Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, 
fails to do so within a reasonable period of time and such failure is continuing. 
14. 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings to enforce payment, unless 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of 
Noteholders. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity related 
to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee will have 
regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and will not be responsible for any consequence for 
individual holders of Notes or Coupons as a result of such holders being connected in any way with a 
particular territory or tax jurisdiction. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes 
If a Note is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified office of the Registrar 
or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated

--- Page 153 ---
143 
by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment 
by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note is 
subsequently presented for payment, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further securities 
either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with 
the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine 
at the time of their issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires 
otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. 
Any further securities forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the 
Notes) shall, and any other securities may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed 
or any deed supplemental to it. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the 
Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series where the Trustee so decides. 
17. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be sent by first class mail or (if posted overseas) by airmail to them (or, in 
the case of joint holders, to the first named in the Register) at their respective addresses in the Register and 
deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
date of mailing. So long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange, such notice will be published in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of such stock exchange. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999 except and to the extent (if any) that the Notes expressly provide for such Act to 
apply to any of their terms. 
19. 
Governing Law and Arbitration 
(a) 
Governing law: The Trust Deed and the Notes, including any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
(b) 
Arbitration: The Issuer has in the Trust Deed (i) agreed that any claim, dispute or difference of 
whatever nature arising under, out of or in connection with the Trust Deed (including a claim, dispute 
or difference regarding its existence, termination or validity or regarding any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed) shall be referred to and finally settled 
by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the LCIA as at present in force and as modified by 
the Trust Deed; (ii) designated Law Debenture Corporate Services at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, 
London EC2N 4AG to accept service of any process on its behalf in England; (iii) consented to the 
enforcement of any judgment; (iv) to the extent that the Issuer or any of its revenues, assets or

--- Page 154 ---
144 
properties shall be entitled to any immunity from suit, from the jurisdiction of any court (including 
arbitration), from attachment prior to judgment or award, from attachment in aid of execution of 
judgment or award, from execution of a judgment or award or from any other legal (including 
arbitration) or judicial process or remedy, and to the extent that in any jurisdiction there shall be 
attributed such an immunity, the Issuer irrevocably waived such immunity to the fullest extent 
permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction, the Establishing Agreement, the Charter and each Terms 
of Stay Agreement; and (v) consented generally in respect of any arbitration or Proceedings to the 
giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such arbitration or Proceedings 
including (without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property 
whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order, judgment or award which may be 
made or given in such arbitration or Proceedings. 
(c) 
Waiver of Immunity: To the extent that the Issuer or any of its revenues, assets or properties shall 
be entitled to any immunity from suit, from the jurisdiction of any court (including arbitration), from 
attachment prior to judgment or award, from attachment in aid of execution of a judgment or award, 
from execution of a judgment or award or from any other legal (including arbitration) or judicial 
process or remedy, and to the extent that in any jurisdiction there shall be attributed such an 
immunity, the Issuer irrevocably waives such immunity to the fullest extent permitted by the laws 
of such jurisdiction, the Establishing Agreement, the Charter and each Terms of Stay Agreement. 
The foregoing waiver has been made following the procedures set out in the Charter and each Terms 
of Stay Agreement on the basis that the Council and the Management Board of the Issuer has 
determined that such waiver is in the interests of the Issuer. 
20. 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines in good faith 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties 
to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
(b) in the case of an Alternative Rate or in the case of a Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate; or 
(c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) or the Independent Adviser 
determines in good faith there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, 
the Independent Adviser, in its discretion, and acting in good faith, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which

--- Page 155 ---
145 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Agency Agreement" means the amended and restated agency agreement dated 26 February 2021 between 
the Issuer and the agents named in it relating to the Programme, as amended from time to time. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 6(c)(ii) and which is customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent 
Adviser determines that there is no such alternative benchmark or screen rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (acting in good faith) is most comparable to the relevant 
Original Reference Rate. 
"Applicable Exchange Rate" means the internal foreign exchange conversion rate for settlement, as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent, on the business day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or 
the Maturity Date, as the case may be, following receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of the Exchange 
Amount which the Principal Paying Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner uses to convert 
Russian Roubles or Tenge, as applicable, into U.S. Dollars at the request of its other customers. 
"Average Representative Market Rate" shall mean the arithmetic mean of the Representative Market Rates 
for the last five FX Business Days immediately before (and including) the applicable Rate Calculation Date. 
In the event that the Calculation Agent is unable to make this calculation due to the unavailability of 
Representative Market Rates necessary for the calculation, then the Calculation Agent shall take the 
arithmetic mean of the NBK Rate for the last five days that such NBK Rate was published. 
"Benchmark Event" means, in the determination of the Issuer, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) such Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five London business days 
or ceasing to exist;  
(b) a public statement by the administrator of such Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will 
cease publishing such Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original Reference 
Rate); 
(c) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate that such 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(d) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate that such 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences;  
(e) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, the central bank for the Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final 
Terms of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the Original Reference Rate or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Original 
Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate has ceased or will

--- Page 156 ---
146 
cease to publish the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); 
(f) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original Reference Rate 
that such Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no 
longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(g) it has become unlawful for any Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using such Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (i) in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (e) 
above, on the date of the cessation of publication of such Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of 
such Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (d) above, on the date of 
the prohibition of use of such Original Reference Rate and (iii) in the case of sub-paragraph (f) above, on the 
date with effect from which such Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the 
relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.  
"Business Day" means: 
(a) in the case of a currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency 
and/or 
(b) in the case of Euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a "TARGET Business Day") 
and/or 
(c) in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (specified in the Final Terms) a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres. 
"Calculation Business Day" shall mean an FX Business Day used to determine the Average Representative 
Market Rate.  
"Charter" means the charter of the Issuer appended to the Establishing Agreement, as amended.  
"Contracts" means the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 157 ---
147 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)  
————————————————————— 
 
 
 
360 
where: 
 "Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; "Y2" is 
the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360"or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)  
   ————————————————————– 
 
 
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls: "Y2" is 
the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;

--- Page 158 ---
148 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
————————————————————– 
360 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls: "Y2" is 
the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
Interest Payment Date or if none, the Interest Commencement Date. 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Establishing Agreement" means the agreement establishing the Issuer dated 12 January 2006 and made 
between the Republic of Kazakhstan and the Russian Federation. 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means  Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning assigned to such term in Condition 11. 
"Exchange Amount" means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may 
be, the amount in Russian Roubles or Tenge, as applicable, in aggregate equivalent to the portion of such 
interest and/or principal in respect of the Russian Rouble Notes or KZT Notes, as applicable, due on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be, which is payable to the Noteholders 
(if any) which have given an irrevocable election pursuant to Condition 8(c) to receive payment of such

--- Page 159 ---
149 
interest and/or principal in U.S. Dollars. The relevant Registrar shall on the fifth business day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be, notify the Principal Paying Agent of the 
Exchange Amount. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning assigned to such term in the Trust Deed. 
"FX Business Day" shall mean, solely for the purposes of determining the Representative Market Rate, a 
day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in Nur-Sultan, Kazakhstan. 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or the issue of bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or similar instruments; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in accordance 
with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as a balance sheet 
liability; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of all or any part of the purchase price for any Property or 
services the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement and the sale of receivables or other assets on a "with recourse" basis) having 
the commercial effect of a borrowing; and 
(f) 
any Indebtedness Guarantee in relation to Indebtedness of any Person of the type referred to in any 
of (a) to (e) of this definition. 
"Indebtedness Guarantee" means in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation) (i) any obligation to purchase such 
Indebtedness, (ii) any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness, (iii) any indemnity 
against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness and (iv) any other agreement to 
be responsible for repayment of such Indebtedness. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 6(c)(i). 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be.

--- Page 160 ---
150 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro or (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as set out in the Final Terms, either (i) the 2000 ISDA Definitions; or (ii) the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or (iii)  
other ISDA definitions, in each case as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Material Subsidiary" means at any time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent 
(or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than five 
per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as 
calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case 
may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the 
end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts for 
the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, 
be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown 
in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed 
appropriate by the Issuer; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary, provided 
that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary 
and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph 
(b) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial 
period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that 
such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any 
time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid 
by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any 
other applicable provision of this definition; or

--- Page 161 ---
151 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or assets 
of the transferee Subsidiary, represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than five per 
cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as 
calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a 
Material Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless 
immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, 
are equal to) not less than five per cent., of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the 
transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on 
the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period 
current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the 
date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of 
the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition, all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed. 
"Member State" means the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Tajikistan, the 
Republic of Armenia, the Republic of Belarus, the Kyrgyz Republic and such other states that have become 
participants of the Issuer in accordance with Article 4.3 of the Charter. 
"KZT Reference Banks" shall mean ForteBank JSC, JSC Halyk Bank, First Heartland Jusan Bank JSC, 
Citibank Kazakhstan JSC and JSC VTB Bank (Kazakhstan) or their legal successors. 
"Optional Redemption Date" means the date (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with these Terms and Conditions by reference to amount 
specified in Paragraph 17(ii) of Part A of the applicable Final Terms. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the Relevant Rate, Benchmark or other screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component 
part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service (including, 
but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000 ("Reuters") and Telerate ("Telerate")) as may be specified for the 
purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated 
by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
Security Interests on the Property of an entity existing at the time such Property was acquired by the 
Issuer or a Material Subsidiary (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of assets or otherwise) 
or existing at the time the entity became a Material Subsidiary; provided, however; that such 
Security Interests (i) are not created, incurred or assumed in connection with, or contemplation of, 
such Property being acquired by the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary and (ii) do not extend to any 
other Property of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary;

--- Page 162 ---
152 
(b) 
Security Interests arising in relation to any Project Finance Debt; 
(c) 
any Security Interest to secure the purchase of, or created in connection with the financing of, all or 
any part of the purchase price or cost of the acquisition, purchase, construction, development, 
extension or improvement by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (in each case, whether 
alone or in association with others) of, or of any right or interest in or in respect of, any Property, or 
to secure any Indebtedness incurred prior to, at the time of or within 12 months after the completion 
of such acquisition, purchase, construction, development, extension or improvement for the purpose 
of financing or refinancing all or any part of such purchase price or cost; provided that (a) the 
Security Interest relates only to that Property (including without limitation any Property forming 
part of or connected with the same project or development), or products from that Property, or 
revenue or profit from that Property or such products or to any right or interest in or in respect of 
that Property, or products from that Property, or revenue or profit from that Property or such 
products and (b) the Security Interest secures no more than the purchase price or other consideration 
(including, without limitation, royalties) paid for, or cost of acquisition, purchase, construction, 
development, extension or improvement, of that Property or any right or interest in or in respect of 
that Property, including any financing or refinancing costs associated with such purchase price or 
cost; 
(d) 
any Security Interest created or permitted to subsist by either the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
of the Issuer, as the case may be, upon a defined or definable pool of its assets including, but not 
limited to, receivables (not representing all of the assets of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary of 
the Issuer, as the case may be) (the "Secured Assets") which is or was created pursuant to any 
securitisation or like arrangement in accordance with established market practice (whether or not 
involving itself as the issuer of any issue of asset backed securities) and whereby all payment 
obligations in respect of the Indebtedness of any other Person, as the case may be, secured on, or on 
an interest in respect of the Indebtedness of any other Person, as the case may be, secured on, or on 
an interest in, the Secured Assets are to be discharged solely from the Secured Assets (or solely 
from (i) the Secured Assets and (ii) assets of a Person other than the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer); 
(e) 
any Security Interest arising in the ordinary course of banking transactions (including, without 
limitation, such as sale and repurchase transactions and share, loan and bond lending transactions 
and any netting or set-off arrangements entered into by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary for the 
purpose of netting any debit and credit balances), provided that the Security Interest is limited to 
the assets which are the subject of the relevant transaction; 
(f) 
Security Interests imposed or required by statute or operation of law (but not through any act or 
omission to act on the part of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries); and 
(g) 
any extension, renewal, refunding or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals, refundings 
or replacements), as a whole or in part, of any Security Interest referred to in clauses (a)to 
(d), 
inclusive, for amounts not exceeding the principal amount of indebtedness secured by such Security 
Interest so extended, renewed or replaced (plus improvements thereon or additions or accessions 
thereto).

--- Page 163 ---
153 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, 
association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, government, or any agency or political 
subdivision thereof or any other entity. 
"Proceedings" means any suit, action or proceedings which may arise out of or in connection with the 
Programme. 
"Programme" means the U.S.$3,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issuance of notes 
by the Issuer as amended from time to time. 
"Project Finance Debt" means any indebtedness incurred in relation to any asset solely for purposes of 
financing the whole or any part of the acquisition, creation, construction, improvement or development of 
such asset where the financial institutions to which such indebtedness is owed have recourse solely to the 
applicable project borrower (where such project borrower is formed solely or principally for the purpose of 
the relevant project) and/or to such asset (or any derivative asset thereof) or any other similar non-recourse 
indebtedness which is properly regarded as project finance debt. 
"Property" of any Person means all types of real, personal, tangible, intangible or mixed property (including 
any related contractual rights) owned by such Person whether or not included in the most recent consolidated 
balance sheet of such Person under International Financial Reporting Standards. 
"Put Event" means that combined holdings of the Republic of Kazakhstan and the Russian Federation in the 
statutory capital of the Issuer fall below 51 per cent. of the Issuer’s statutory capital. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is 
either specified by the Fixed Rate Note Provisions at Paragraph 14(i) of Part A of the Final Terms or 
calculated in accordance with these Terms and Conditions by reference to amount specified in the Floating 
Rate Note Provisions at Paragraph 16 of Part A of the Final Terms. 
"Rate Calculation Date" shall mean the third FX Business Day preceding each Interest Payment Date, the 
Maturity Date or any other date on which principal or interest becomes payable under these Conditions.  
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over the counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant 
Benchmark, shall be Europe). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with 
a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as 
such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is 
most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be Europe) or, if none is so connected, 
London. 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, 
debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, 
quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over 
the counter market) and any Indebtedness Guarantee in respect of any such Relevant Indebtedness. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 164 ---
154 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a period 
(if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the Effective 
Date. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the 
Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre or, if no such customary local 
time exists, 11.00 hours in the Relevant Financial Centre and, for the purpose of this definition, "local time" 
means, with respect to Europe as a Relevant Financial Centre, Brussels time. 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the applicable market at the time. 
"Representative Market Rate" shall mean, with respect to any Calculation Business Day, the Tenge / U.S. 
Dollar daily official (market) foreign exchange rate for the previous FX Business Day, expressed as the 
amount of Tenge per one U.S. Dollar and as reported by the National Bank of Kazakhstan (the "NBK") and 
published on its website (http://www.nationalbank.kz/?docid=362&switch=english or any successor page 
thereto) (the "NBK Rate"), as determined by the Calculation Agent. In the event that the NBK Rate is 
unavailable for any Calculation Business Day, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Representative 
Market Rate by polling the KZT Reference Banks on the immediately following FX Business Day for the 
Tenge / U.S. Dollar exchange rate available at noon Nur-Sultan time on such Calculation Business Day for 
the professional market and taking the arithmetic mean of the polled exchange rates, provided that at least 
two quotations are obtained. 
"Roubles" means the lawful currency of the Russian Federation. 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security interest or other encumbrance 
securing any obligation of the Issuer or any other type of preferential arrangement having similar effect over 
any assets or revenues of the Issuer. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen 
Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual 
Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(b)(ii).

--- Page 165 ---
155 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at a given time, any other Person (the 
"second Person") 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person directly or indirectly controls; or 
(b) 
as to whom the first Person owns directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the capital, voting 
stock or other right of ownership. "Control", as used in this definition, means the power by the first 
Person to direct the management and the policies of the second Person, whether through the 
ownership of share capital, by contract or otherwise. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If following a Benchmark Event, two or more successor 
or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most 
appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer.  
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET) System or any successor thereto. 
"Tenge" means the lawful currency for the time being of the Republic of Kazakhstan. 
"Terms of Stay Agreement" means any agreement in effect between the government of a Member State and 
the Issuer regarding the conduct of the Issuer’s business in that Member State and to determine its status, 
immunities, privileges and preferences. 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.

--- Page 166 ---
156 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – [Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] ] / [For the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"), the target market in respect of the Notes is expected to be eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration such target market; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – [Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] / [For the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"), the target market in respect of the Notes is expected to be 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in UK MiFIR. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration such target market; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook [(the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules")] is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue

--- Page 167 ---
157 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 253400Q2AQ3F58BLL187 
Issue of [•] under the 
U.S.$3,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 26 February 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [[●]]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a Base Prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available 
for viewing at [website] [and] during normal business hours at [address] and copies may be obtained from [address]. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a base prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus") in order to 
obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus 
dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]. [The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at [website] [and] during normal business hours at [address] and copies 
may be obtained from [address]. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub- paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.)

--- Page 168 ---
158 
1.  
Issuer:  
Eurasian Development Bank 
2.  
(i) 
Series Number:  
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]  
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single series: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [●] on 
[the Issue Date] [●]. 
3.  
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5.  
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]] 
6.  
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to and 
including [●]. No Notes in definitive registered form will be issued 
with a denomination above [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[●][Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
8.  
Maturity Date: 
[●] [The Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [●]] 
9.  
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [●] +/ - [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Consumer Prices Inflation Index-Linked Interest] (further 
particulars specified at paragraph [15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10.  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption in 
accordance with the Conditions, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount. 
11.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
[[●]] [Not Applicable] 
12.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put]  
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Make-Whole Redemption Option] 
[Issuer Residual Maturity Par Call]

--- Page 169 ---
159 
[(further particulars specified at paragraph [18] [19] [20] [and 21] 
below)] 
13.  
Currency Exchange Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in relation to the Russian Rouble Notes or KZT 
Notes. If applicable in relation to the KZT Notes, option in 
paragraph 24 should be disapplied) 
14.  
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[●]] per cent. per annum payable [annually] [semi-
annually] [quarterly] [monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in] [on] [•]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
16.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●]] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in paragraph 
(iv) below] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] [Following Business Day 
Convention] [Modified Following Business Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination]

--- Page 170 ---
160 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Relevant Rate 
[●] month [LIBOR] [EURIBOR] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page 
[●] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Reference Banks 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[●] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2000] [2006] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/365 
(Sterling)] [Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond 
Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17.  
Kazakhstan Consumer Prices Inflation Index-
Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in paragraph 
(v) below]

--- Page 171 ---
161 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] [Following Business Day 
Convention] [Modified Following Business Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Rate/Amount of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(viii) 
Maximum Rate/Amount of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18.  
Call Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
19.  
Put Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
20.  
Make-Whole Redemption Option  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Notice period:  
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Reference Screen Rate:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:  
[●]  
 
(iv) 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent:  
[●][(Citibank, N.A., London Branch (or the Principal 
Paying Agent) is not to be appointed if the Reference 
Screen Page does not include timestamped retroactively 
retrievable rates)]

--- Page 172 ---
162 
 
(v) 
Reference Security: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Quotation Time:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Dealers:  
[[●], [●], [●] and [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
21.  
Residual Maturity Par Call 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Redeemable in whole or in part: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
22.  
Final Redemption Amount of each Note. 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
23.  
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CONVERSION OF PAYMENT AMOUNTS 
24.  
Conversion of Payment Amounts:  
[Not Applicable] [All amounts of interest, principal and 
other amounts in respect of the Notes will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent for payment in U.S. Dollars 
by dividing the relevant Tenge amounts by the Average 
Representative Market Rate on the applicable Rate 
Calculation Date.] 
(Only relevant in relation to the KZT Notes; if 
applicable, paragraph 13 should be disapplied) 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25.  
Form of Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note ([●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream]] 
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note ([●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of [a nominee for DTC] [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream]] 
26.  
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: .................................................................... 
Duly authorized

--- Page 173 ---
163 
FINAL TERMS 
PART B OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
Ireland 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf): 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Dublin]/[specify relevant other regulated 
market] and this is expected to be effective from [●].] 
 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Dublin] /[specify relevant other regulated 
market]  and this is expected to be effective from [●].]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings 
[Not Applicable] The Notes to be issued [have been] 
[are expected to be] assigned the following ratings:] 
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]] [Fitch: [●]] [Moody’s: [●]] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE OFFER] 
[Save [as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus] [for any fees payable to the [Managers] 
[Dealers]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer. [The [Managers] [Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in 
the [Base] Prospectus, give details here.) 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
[YIELD] 
 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[●]

--- Page 174 ---
164 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code (Regulation S Notes): 
[●] 
 
ISIN Code (Rule 144A Notes): 
[●] 
 
Common Code (Regulation S Notes): 
[●] 
 
Common Code (Rule 144A Notes): 
[●] 
 
CUSIP number (Rule 144A Notes): 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream, or DTC and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against] [free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 175 ---
165 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – [Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] ] / [For the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"), the target market in respect of the Notes is expected to be eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration such target market; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – [Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] / [For the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"), the target market in respect of the Notes is expected to be 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in UK MiFIR. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration such target market; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook [(the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules")] is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue

--- Page 176 ---
166 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
The form of Pricing Supplement that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Exempt Notes (herein also referred 
to as the "Notes") whatever the denomination of such Notes, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, 
is set out below. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved or reviewed information contained in this Pricing 
Supplement. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, AS 
AMENDED FOR THE ISSUE OF THE EXEMPT NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 253400Q2AQ3F58BLL187 
Issue of [[●]] under the 
U.S.$3,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Exempt Notes described herein. This document must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 26 February 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [[●]]] 
([together] the "Base Prospectus"). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at [website] [and] during normal 
business hours at [address] and copies may be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
(the "Terms and Conditions") as set forth in the Base Prospectus. In respect of the Exempt Notes, references in the 
Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to be a reference to this Pricing Supplement. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a base prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus dated [current date] 
[and the supplement(s) to it dated [●], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), save 
in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated [●]. [The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at 
[website] [and] during normal business hours at [address] and copies may be obtained from [address].

--- Page 177 ---
167 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub- paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.) 
1.  
Issuer:  
Eurasian Development Bank 
2.  
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single series: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [●] on [the Issue Date] [●]. 
3.  
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5.  
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
6.  
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up to 
and including [●]. No Notes in definitive registered 
form will be issued with a denomination above [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7.  
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●][Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
8.  
Maturity Date: 
[●] [The Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[●]] 
9.  
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [●] +/ - [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] [Kazakhstan Consumer Prices Inflation Index-
Linked Interest] (further particulars specified at 
paragraph [15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10.  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption in accordance with the Conditions, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per 
cent. of their nominal amount. 
11.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
[[●]] [Not Applicable] 
12.  
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put]  
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 178 ---
168 
[Issuer Make-Whole Redemption Option] 
[Issuer Residual Maturity Par Call] 
[(further particulars specified at paragraph [18] [19] 
[20] [and 21] below)] 
13.  
Currency Exchange Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in relation to the Russian Rouble Notes 
or KZT Notes. If applicable in relation to the KZT Notes, 
option in paragraph 24 should be disapplied) 
14.  
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[●]] per cent. per annum payable [annually] [semi-
annually] [quarterly] [monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in] [on] [●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
16.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●]] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in paragraph 
(iv) below] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] [Following Business Day 
Convention] [Modified Following Business Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]

--- Page 179 ---
169 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] [ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Relevant Rate 
[●] month [LIBOR] [EURIBOR] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page 
[●] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Reference Banks 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[●] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2000] [2006] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/365 
(Sterling)] [Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond 
Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17.  
Kazakhstan Consumer Prices Inflation Index-
Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in paragraph 
(v) below]

--- Page 180 ---
170 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] [Following Business Day 
Convention] [Modified Following Business Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Rate/Amount of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(viii) 
Maximum Rate/Amount of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/365 
(Sterling)] [Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond 
Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18.  
Call Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
19.  
Put Option 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
20.  
Make-Whole Redemption Option  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Notice period:  
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Reference Screen Rate:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:  
[●]  
 
(iv) 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent:  
[●][(Citibank, N.A., London Branch (or the Principal 
Paying Agent) is not to be appointed if the Reference 
Screen 
Page 
does 
not 
include 
timestamped 
retroactively retrievable rates)] 
 
(v) 
Reference Security: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 181 ---
171 
 
(vi) 
Quotation Time:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Dealers:  
[[●], [●], [●] and [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
21.  
Residual Maturity Par Call 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i)  
Redeemable in whole or in part: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
22.  
Final Redemption Amount of each Note. 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
23.  
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CONVERSION OF PAYMENT AMOUNTS 
24.  
Conversion of Payment Amounts:  
[Not Applicable] [All amounts of interest, principal and 
other amounts in respect of the Notes will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent for payment in U.S. Dollars 
by dividing the relevant Tenge amounts by the Average 
Representative Market Rate on the applicable Rate 
Calculation Date.] 
(Only relevant in relation to the KZT Notes; if 
applicable, paragraph 13 should be disapplied) 
25.  
Party responsible for calculating interest, 
principal and other amounts in respect of the 
Notes (if not the Calculation Agent):  
[[●]/Not Applicable]  
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26.  
Form of Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Note ([●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream]] 
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note ([●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of [a nominee for DTC] [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream]] 
27.  
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: .................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 182 ---
172 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
PART B OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[●] [None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading Issuer (or on its: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [●] 
and this is expected to be effective from [●].] 
 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [●] 
and this is expected to be effective from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings 
[Not Applicable] The Notes to be issued [have been] 
[are expected to be] assigned the following ratings:] 
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]] [Fitch: [●]] [Moody’s: [●]] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE OFFER] 
[Save [as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus] [for any fees payable to the [Managers] 
[Dealers]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer. [The [Managers] [Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] [See "Use of Proceeds" in Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in 
the [Base] Prospectus, give details here.) 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]. 
5. 
[YIELD] 
 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

--- Page 183 ---
173 
 
ISIN Code (Regulation S Notes): 
[●] 
 
ISIN Code (Rule 144A Notes): 
[●] 
 
Common Code (Regulation S Notes): 
[●] 
 
Common Code (Rule 144A Notes): 
[●] 
 
CUSIP number (Rule 144A Notes): 
[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream, or DTC and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against] [free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) Stabilising Manager:  
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 184 ---
174 
SUMMARY OF THE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM 
The Global Notes 
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, each Series 
of Notes will be evidenced on issue (i) in the case of Regulation S Notes, by a Regulation S Global Note deposited 
with a common depositary and registered in the name of a nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream and (ii) in the case of Rule 144A Notes, by a Rule 144A Global Note deposited either with a custodian 
for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of, DTC or with a common depositary , and registered in 
the name of a nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. 
Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may be held only through Euroclear or Clearstream at any 
time. See "—Book Entry Procedures for the Global Notes". By acquisition of a beneficial interest in the Notes 
represented by a Regulation S Global Note prior to the expiration of 40 days after completion of the distribution of 
the Series of which such Notes are a part (the "distribution compliance period")), the purchaser thereof will be deemed 
to represent, among other things, that it is not a U.S. person and that, prior to the expiration of the distribution 
compliance period, it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such interest except to a person whom the seller 
reasonably believes to be a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S. See "Transfer Restrictions". See "—Book Entry Procedures for the Global Notes". By acquisition of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note, the purchaser thereof will be deemed to 
represent, among other things, that it is a QIB and that, if in the future it determines to transfer such beneficial interest, 
it will transfer such interest in accordance with the procedures and restrictions contained in the Agency Agreement. 
See "Transfer Restrictions". 
Beneficial interests in each Global Note will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and 
in the Agency Agreement, and with respect to the Rule 144A Global Note, as set forth in Rule 144A, and the Rule 
144A Notes will bear the legends set forth thereon regarding such restrictions set forth under "Transfer Restrictions". 
Any beneficial interest in the Notes represented by a Regulation S Global Note that is transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note will, upon transfer, 
cease to be an interest in the Notes represented by the Regulation S Global Note and become an interest in the Notes 
represented by the Rule 144A Global Note, and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and 
other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in the Rule 144A Global Note for as long as it remains such an 
interest. Any beneficial interest in the Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note that is transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Notes represented by a Regulation S Global Note will, upon 
transfer, cease to be an interest in the Notes represented by the Rule 144A Global Note and become an interest in the 
Notes represented by the Regulation S Global Note and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer 
restrictions and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in the Regulation S Global Note for so long as it 
remains such an interest. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the 
Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection 
therewith. Except in the limited circumstances described below, owners of beneficial interests in Global Notes will 
not be entitled to receive physical delivery of certificated Notes in definitive form (the "Definitive Notes"). The Notes 
are not issuable in bearer form. 
Amendments to Conditions 
Each Global Note contains provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the 
effect of the above Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The following is a summary of those notified to the relevant 
Noteholders for such purpose. 
Payments. Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note shall be made against 
presentation and (if no further payment falls to be made on it) surrender thereof to or to the order of the Principal

--- Page 185 ---
175 
Paying Agent (or to or to the order of such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for this 
purpose). A record of each payment so made will be endorsed in the appropriate schedule to the Global Note, which 
endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the relevant Notes. 
Notices. So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held by or on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled account holders in substitution for delivery thereof as required by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Meetings. The holder of each Global Note will be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum 
requirements of, or the right to demand a poll at, a meeting of Noteholders and in any such meeting as having one vote 
in respect of Notes represented by the relevant Global Note. 
Trustee's Powers. In considering the interests of Noteholders while the relevant Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, the Trustee, to the extent it considers it appropriate to do so in the circumstances, may have regard to 
any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by 
category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note and may consider such interests as if such 
accountholders were the holders of such Global Note. 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. Any Call Option, Issuer Make-Whole Redemption Option or Issuer 
Residual Maturity Par Call provided for in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be exercised by the Issuer 
giving notice to the Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. In the event that any Call Option, Issuer Make-Whole Redemption Option or Issuer 
Residual Maturity Par Call is exercised by the Issuer in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the 
rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of 
the relevant clearing system. 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders. Any Put Option provided for in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
may be exercised by the holder of the Global Note (i) giving notice to the Issuer within the time limits relating to the 
deposit of Notes set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes substantially in the form of the notice available from 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (except that the notice shall not be required to contain the 
certificate numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised) stating the nominal amount of 
Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and (ii) at the same time depositing the Global Note with the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent at its specified office. 
Payment Record Date. Each payment in respect of a Global Note will be made to the person shown as the holder in 
the Register at (i) in relation to Notes represented by a Global Note where Currency Exchange Option is specified in 
the Final Terms as being applicable pursuant to Condition 8(c), the fifteenth day before the due date for payment 
thereof and (ii) in relation to Notes represented by a Global Note (other than Notes represented by a Global Note 
where Currency Exchange Option is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable pursuant to Condition 8(c)), the 
close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such 
payment where "Clearing System Business Day" means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 
January. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution. A resolution in writing signed (i) by or on behalf of the holders of all 
of the Notes who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting or (ii) if such holders have been given 
at least 21 days’ notice of such resolution (a "Written Resolution"), by or on behalf of persons holding 75 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held. Such resolution in writing 
may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
of the relevant Noteholders and the date of such resolution shall be the date of the latest such document.

--- Page 186 ---
176 
For so long as the Notes are in the form of a Global Note registered in the name of any depositary or nominee for a 
clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way of electronic 
consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in 
accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Trust Deed) 
shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting in respect of which the special quorum provisions specified in the Notes apply) take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall 
be binding on all Noteholders whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written Resolution 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on 
consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to the Global Note and/or, (b) where the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written 
instruction by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary 
holds directly with the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries and provided that, in each case, the 
Issuer and the Trustee have obtained commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such 
holding and have taken reasonable steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the giving of 
such consent or instruction and prior to the effecting of such amendment.  Any resolution passed in such 
manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective.  
As used in this paragraph, “commercially reasonable evidence” includes any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, DTC or any other relevant clearing system, or issued by an accountholder 
of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding of interests in the Notes.  Any such 
certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of 
electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream’s 
CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a 
particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such 
holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid 
or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such 
person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
Exchange for Definitive Notes 
Exchange 
Registration of title to Notes initially represented by a Rule 144A Global Note (other than, if applicable, a 
Rule 144A Global Note deposited with a common depositary , and registered in the name of a nominee of the common 
depositary  for Euroclear and Clearstream ) in a name other than DTC or a successor depositary or one of their 
respective nominees will not be permitted (i) unless such depositary notifies the Issuer that it is no longer willing or 
able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect to the Rule 144A Global Note or ceases to be 
a "clearing agency" registered under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or is at any time 
no longer eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving 
notice of such ineligibility on the part of such depositary and the Registrar has received a notice from the registered 
holder of a Rule 144 A Global Note requesting an exchange of a specified amount of the Rule 144A Global Note for 
Definitive Notes or (ii) following the failure to pay principal in respect of any Note at maturity or upon acceleration 
of any Note in circumstances where the Registrar has received a notice from the registered holder (i.e. such depositary) 
of the relevant Rule 144A Global Note requesting an exchange of the Rule 144A Global Note for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 187 ---
177 
Registration of title to Notes initially represented by a Regulation S Global Note or, if applicable, a Rule 
144A Global Note in a name other than the nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream will 
only be permitted (i) if Euroclear or Clearstream is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact 
do so or (ii) following the failure to pay principal in respect of any Note at maturity or upon acceleration of any Note 
and the Registrar has received a notice from the registered holder (i.e. the nominee of the common depositary) of the 
relevant Regulation S Global Note or, if applicable, a Rule 144A Global Note requesting an exchange of the Regulation 
S Global Note or, if applicable, a Rule 144A Global Note for Definitive Notes. 
The Registrar will not register the transfer of, or exchange of interests in, a Global Note for Definitive Notes 
for a period of 15 calendar days ending on the date for any payment of principal or interest or on the date of optional 
redemption in respect of the Notes. 
Delivery 
In such circumstances, the relevant Global Note shall be exchanged in full for Definitive Notes and the Issuer 
will, at the cost of the Issuer (but against such indemnity as the Registrar or any relevant Transfer Agent may require 
in respect of any tax or other duty of whatever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange), cause sufficient Definitive Notes to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for completion, 
authentication and dispatch to the relevant Noteholders. A person having an interest in Notes represented by a Global 
Note must provide the Registrar with (a) a written order containing instructions and such other information as the 
Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such Notes and (b) in the case of a Rule 144A 
Global Note only, a fully completed, signed certification substantially to the effect that the exchanging holder is not 
transferring its interest at the time of such exchange or, in the case of simultaneous sale pursuant to Rule 144A, a 
certification that the transfer is being made in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144A to a QIB. Definitive Notes 
issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in the Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note shall bear the legend 
applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A, as set out under "Transfer Restrictions". 
Legends 
The holder of a Definitive Note may transfer the Notes evidenced thereby in whole or in part in the applicable 
minimum denomination by surrendering it at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with 
the completed form of transfer thereon. Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Rule 144A Definitive Note 
bearing the legend referred to under "Transfer Restrictions", or upon specific request for removal of the legend on a 
Rule 144A Definitive Note, the Issuer will deliver only Rule 144A Definitive Notes that bear such legend, or will 
refuse to remove such legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar such 
satisfactory evidence, which may include an opinion of counsel, as may reasonably be required by the Issuer that 
neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions 
of the Securities Act. 
Book Entry Procedures for the Global Notes 
For each Series of Notes evidenced by both a Regulation S Global Note and a Rule 144A Global Note (except 
when a Rule 144A Global Note is deposited with a common depositary, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream), custodial and depository links are to be established between 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream to facilitate the initial issue of the Notes and cross market transfers of the Notes 
associated with secondary market trading. See "—Book Entry Ownership—Settlement and Transfer of Notes". 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
Euroclear and Clearstream each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and settlement 
of securities transactions through electronic book entry transfer between their respective accountholders. Indirect

--- Page 188 ---
178 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream is available to other institutions which clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with an accountholder of either system. Euroclear and Clearstream provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through 
established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream have established an electronic bridge 
between their two systems across which their respective customers may settle trades with each other. Their customers 
are worldwide financial institutions including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and 
clearing corporations. Investors may hold their interests in such Global Notes directly through Euroclear or 
Clearstream if they are accountholders ("Direct Participants") or indirectly ("Indirect Participants" and together 
with Direct Participants, "Participants") through organisations which are accountholders therein. 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under the laws of 
the State of New York, a "banking organisation" under the laws of the State of New York, a member of the U.S. 
Federal Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial code 
and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC was created 
to hold securities for its Participants and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between 
Participants through electronic computerised book-entry changes in accounts of its Participants, thereby eliminating 
the need for physical movement of certificates. Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust 
companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. Indirect access to DTC is available to others, such 
as banks, securities brokers, dealers and trust companies, that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with 
a DTC Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Investors may hold their interests in Rule 144A Global Notes directly through DTC if they are Direct 
Participants in the DTC system, or as Indirect Participants through organisations which are Direct Participants in such 
system. 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Notes only at the 
direction of one or more Direct Participants and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of 
the relevant Rule 144A Global Notes as to which such Direct Participant or Direct Participants has or have given such 
direction. However, in the circumstances described under "Exchange for Definitive Notes", DTC will surrender the 
relevant Rule 144A Global Notes for exchange for individual Rule 144A Definitive Notes (which will bear the legend 
applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A). 
Book Entry Ownership 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
The Regulation S Global Note representing Regulation S Notes of any Series and, if applicable, Rule 144A 
Global Note representing Regulation S Notes of any Series, will have an ISIN and a Common Code and will be 
registered in the name of a nominee for, and deposited with a common depositary on behalf of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream. 
DTC 
The Rule 144A Global Note representing Rule 144A Notes of any Series (other than, if applicable, Rule 144A 
Note deposited with a common depositary, and registered in the name of a nominee of the common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream) will have a CUSIP number and will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in 
the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of, DTC. The Custodian and DTC will electronically record the principal amount 
of the Notes held within the DTC system.

--- Page 189 ---
179 
Relationship of Participants with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC as the holder of a Note evidenced 
by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC (as the case may be) for his share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note, 
subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC (as the case 
may be). The Issuer expects that, upon receipt of any payment in respect of Notes evidenced by a Global Note, the 
relevant clearing system will immediately credit the relevant participants' or accountholders' accounts in the relevant 
clearing system with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the principal amount 
of the relevant Global Note as shown on the records of the relevant clearing system or its nominee. The Issuer also 
expects that payments by Direct Participants in any clearing system to owners of beneficial interests in any Global 
Note held through such Direct Participants in any clearing system will be governed by standing instructions and 
customary practices. Save as aforesaid, such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are evidenced by such Global Note and the obligations of the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to the registered holder, as the case may be, of such Global Note in respect of 
each amount so paid. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of ownership interests in any Global Note or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such ownership interests. 
Settlement and Transfer of Notes 
Subject to the rules and procedures of each applicable clearing system, purchases of Notes held within a 
clearing system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for such Notes on the 
clearing system's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each such Note (the "Beneficial Owner") 
will in turn be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants' records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written 
confirmation from any clearing system of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written 
confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or 
Indirect Participant through which such Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. 
Transfers of ownership interests in Notes held within the clearing system will be affected by entries made on 
the books of Participants acting on behalf of beneficial owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in such Notes, unless and until interests in any Global Note held within a clearing 
system are exchanged for Definitive Notes. 
No clearing system has knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Notes held within such clearing 
system and their records will reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such Notes are 
credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping 
account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. Conveyance of notices and other communications by the 
clearing systems to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and 
Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or 
regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. 
The laws of some jurisdictions may require that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive form of 
securities. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Global Note to such persons may be limited. Because 
DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a 
person having an interest in the Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note and held within the DTC system to 
pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions in respect of such 
interest, may be affected by a lack of physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
Trading Between Euroclear and/or Clearstream Participants

--- Page 190 ---
180 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream to 
purchasers of book-entry interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream will be conducted in accordance 
with the normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream and will be settled using the procedures 
applicable to conventional Eurobonds. 
Trading Between DTC Participants 
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Notes between DTC participants will occur in the 
ordinary way in accordance with DTC rules and will be settled using the procedures applicable to United States 
corporate debt obligations in DTC's Same-Day Funds Settlement system in same day funds, if payment is effected in 
U.S. Dollars, or free of payment, if payment is not effected in U.S. Dollars. Where payment is not effected in U.S. 
Dollars, separate payment arrangements outside DTC are required to be made between the DTC participants. 
Trading Between DTC Seller and Euroclear/Clearstream Purchaser 
When book-entry interests in Notes are to be transferred from the account of a DTC participant holding a 
beneficial interest in the Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note to the account of a Euroclear or Clearstream 
accountholder wishing to purchase a beneficial interest in the Notes represented by a Regulation S Global Note 
(subject to the certification procedures provided in the Agency Agreement), the DTC participant will deliver 
instructions for delivery to the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream accountholder to DTC by 12:00 noon, New York 
time, on the settlement date. Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the DTC participant 
and the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream participant. On the settlement date, the custodian of the Rule 144A Global 
Note will instruct the Registrar to (i) decrease the amount of Notes registered in the name of Cede & Co. and evidenced 
by the Rule 144A Global Note of the relevant class and (ii) increase the amount of Notes registered in the name of the 
nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream and evidenced by the Regulation S Global Note. 
Book-entry interests will be delivered free of payment to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, for credit to 
the relevant accountholder on the first business day following the settlement date. 
Trading Between Euroclear/Clearstream Seller and DTC Purchaser 
When book entry interests in the Notes are to be transferred from the account of a Euroclear or Clearstream 
accountholder to the account of a DTC participant wishing to purchase a beneficial interest in the Notes represented 
by a Rule 144A Global Note (subject to the certification procedures provided in the Agency Agreement), the Euroclear 
or Clearstream participant must send to Euroclear or Clearstream delivery free of payment instructions by 7:45 p.m., 
Brussels or Luxembourg time, one business day prior to the settlement date. Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may 
be, will in turn transmit appropriate instructions to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream and the 
Registrar to arrange delivery to the DTC participant on the settlement date. Separate payment arrangements are 
required to be made between the DTC participant and the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream accountholder, as the case 
may be. On the settlement date, the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream will (a) transmit appropriate 
instructions to the custodian of the Rule 144A Global Note who will in turn deliver such book entry interests in the 
Notes free of payment to the relevant account of the DTC participant and (b) instruct the Registrar to (i) decrease the 
amount of Notes registered in the name of the nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream and 
evidenced by a Regulation S Global Note and (ii) increase the amount of Notes registered in the name of Cede & Co. 
and evidenced by a Rule 144A Global Note. 
Although Euroclear, Clearstream and DTC have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate 
transfers of beneficial interest in Notes represented by Global Notes among participants and accountholders of 
Euroclear, Clearstream and DTC, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and 
such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent will have the 
responsibility for the performance by Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC or their respective Direct or Indirect Participants 
of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 191 ---
181 
Pre issue Trades Settlement 
It is expected that the delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefor on the closing date thereof, 
which could be more than two business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-l under the Exchange 
Act, trades in the United States secondary market generally are required to settle within two business days (T+2), 
unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Notes in the 
United States on the date of pricing or the next succeeding business days until two days prior to the relevant closing 
date will be required, by virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will settle beyond T+2, to specify an alternate 
settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Settlement procedures in other countries 
will vary. Purchasers of Notes may be affected by such local settlement practices, and purchasers of Notes between 
the relevant date of pricing and the relevant closing date should consult their own advisers.

--- Page 192 ---
182 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the dealer agreement dated on or about 26 February 
2021, as amended from time to time (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealer and the 
Arranger, the Notes will be offered from time to time by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer or such other Dealers as 
may be appointed from time to time in respect of any Series of Notes pursuant to the Dealer Agreement. Any 
agreement for the sale of Notes will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles 
(if any) which are payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase and the form of any indemnity to the 
Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the relevant Notes. The Notes may be resold 
at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. 
The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Series that may be jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain losses, as set out in the Dealer Agreement. 
The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe for the Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any 
state of the United States or any other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Notes may only being offered and sold (i) outside the 
United States, to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and 
(ii) within the United States, to QIBs in accordance with Rule 144A. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell any 
Regulation S Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the 
distribution compliance period, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each 
Dealer has further agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of a sale of Regulation S Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The securities covered hereby have not, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction, and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of the Series of which 
such Notes are a part, except in either case in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S or, in the case of Rule 144A 
Notes, Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a person that the seller reasonably believes is a qualified institutional 
buyer (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act). Terms used above which are not otherwise defined 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act." 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Notes, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Notes) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 
144A.

--- Page 193 ---
183 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers may directly or through their respective U.S. registered 
broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and re-sale of Notes under the Programme that are designated as Rule 
144A eligible under the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, under the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) within the United States only to persons whom such Dealer reasonably believes are QIBs who can 
represent that they are QIBs within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
Terms used in the preceding paragraphs of this section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area  (each, a "Member State"), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms

--- Page 194 ---
184 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and 
the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Russian Federation 
Neither Notes to be issued under the Programme nor this Base Prospectus have been, or are intended to be, 
registered in the Russian Federation. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that Notes will not be offered, 
sold or otherwise transferred and will not offer, sell or otherwise transfer as part of their initial distribution or at any 
time thereafter any Notes to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal entities) resident, incorporated, 
established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation or to any person located within the territory of 
the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian laws or regulations. 
Republic of Kazakhstan 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or issue invitations to 
subscribe for or buy or sell Notes or distribute any draft or definitive document in relation to any such offer, invitation 
or sale in the Republic of Kazakhstan except in compliance with the laws of the Republic of Kazakhstan. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors. Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the 
United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 195 ---
185 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the 
FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of 
Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEL"). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed 
and each further Dealer will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan, or to others for re-offering, resale or otherwise transferring, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the 
benefit of a resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit, of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEL and other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 196 ---
186 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused 
such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or 
cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the 
SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 
six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of 
the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any 
person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, 
or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any set of Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.

--- Page 197 ---
187 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any set of Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the Pricing Supplement and neither the Issuer, nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 198 ---
188 
TAXATION 
United States Federal Income Taxation 
The following is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership, disposition and retirement of Notes by a holder thereof. This summary does not address the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of every type of Note which may be issued under the Programme, and the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, will contain additional or modified disclosure concerning 
certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to such type of Note, as appropriate. This summary only 
applies to Notes held as capital assets under Section 1221 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the "Code"), and does not address, except as set forth below, aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be 
applicable to holders that are subject to special tax rules, such as financial institutions, insurance companies, real estate 
investment trusts, regulated investment companies, grantor trusts, tax-exempt organisations, dealers or traders in 
securities or currencies, holders that will hold a Note as part of a position in a straddle or as part of a hedging, conversion 
or integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes or that have a functional currency other than the U.S. 
Dollar. It does not address the U.S. federal income tax treatment of holders that do not acquire Notes as part of the initial 
distribution at such Notes' initial issue price. This discussion assumes that the Notes will be treated as debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. 
This summary is based on the Code, existing and proposed Treasury Regulations, administrative pronouncements 
and judicial decisions, each as available and in effect on the date hereof. All of the foregoing are subject to change, possibly 
with retroactive effect, or differing interpretations which could affect the tax consequences described herein. Certain 
additional or different U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to a particular issue of the Notes will be described 
in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For purposes of this description, a U.S. Holder is a beneficial owner of the Notes who for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes is (i) a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation organised in or under the laws of the 
United States or any State thereof, including the District of Columbia; (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to 
U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (iv) a trust (1) that validly elects to be treated as a United 
States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (2) (a) the administration over which a U.S. court can exercise 
primary supervision and (b) all of the substantial decisions of which one or more United States persons have the 
authority to control. 
A Non-U.S. Holder is a beneficial owner of Notes other than a U.S. Holder. 
If a partnership (or any other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds Notes, 
the tax treatment of the partnership and a partner in such partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner 
and the activities of the partnership. Such partner or partnership should consult its own tax adviser as to its 
consequences of the partnership's acquisition, ownership, disposition and retirement of Notes. 
YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISER WITH RESPECT TO THE U.S. 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN TAX CONSEQUENCES OF ACQUIRING, OWNING OR 
DISPOSING OF NOTES. 
INVESTORS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT: ANY DISCUSSION OF U.S. FEDERAL TAX ISSUES 
IN THIS DOCUMENT IS WRITTEN IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF 
THE TRANSACTIONS OR MATTERS ADDRESSED HEREIN. INVESTORS SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISORS.

--- Page 199 ---
189 
U.S. Holders 
Interest 
Except as set forth below, interest paid on a Note, whether payable in U.S. Dollars or a currency other than 
U.S. Dollars (a "foreign currency"), including any additional amounts, will be includible in a U.S. Holder’s gross 
income as ordinary interest income in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s usual method of tax accounting. For entities 
taxable as "C corporations" interest is generally subject to a 21% U.S. federal tax rate. Subject to applicable limitations, 
a U.S. Holder may claim a foreign tax credit or deduction only for tax withheld or paid at the appropriate rate. Interest 
on the Notes should be treated as foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For U.S. foreign tax 
credit limitation purposes, interest on the Notes generally will constitute "passive category income" or, in the case of 
certain U.S. Holders, "general category income." 
Foreign Currency Denominated Interest 
Any interest paid in a foreign currency will be included in the gross income of a U.S. Holder in an amount 
equal to the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency, including the amount of any applicable withholding tax thereon, 
regardless of whether the foreign currency is converted into U.S. Dollars. Generally, a U.S. Holder that uses the cash 
method of tax accounting will determine such U.S. Dollar value using the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt. 
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an interest payment 
denominated in, or determined by reference to, a single foreign currency in accordance with either of two methods. 
Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in effect during the 
interest accrual period (or in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of 
the period within the taxable year.) Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of 
income accrued on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an 
accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within 
the taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business days of the last day 
of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate the accrued interest into U.S. Dollars 
at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by 
the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the 
U.S. Holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). 
Original Issue Discount 
U.S. Holders of Notes issued with original issue discount ("OID") will be subject to special tax accounting 
rules, as described in greater detail below. U.S. Holders of Notes issued with OID (including cash basis taxpayers) 
should be aware that, as described in greater detail below, they generally must include OID in income for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes as it accrues, in advance of the receipt of cash attributable to that income. However, U.S. Holders 
of such Notes generally will not be required to include separately in income cash payments received on the Notes, 
even if denominated as interest, to the extent such payments do not constitute qualified stated interest (as defined 
below). Notes issued with OID will be referred to as "Original Issue Discount Notes." Notice will be given in the 
applicable Final Terms when the Issuer determines that a particular Note will be an Original Issue Discount Note. 
The following discussion does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in 
contingent payment debt instruments. In the event the Issuer issues contingent payment debt instruments the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, will describe the material U.S. federal 
income tax consequences thereof. 
Additional rules applicable to Original Issue Discount Notes that are denominated in or determined by 
reference to a single currency other than the U.S. Dollar are described under Foreign Currency Notes below.

--- Page 200 ---
190 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a "Short 
Term Note"), will be treated as issued as an Original Issue Discount Note if the excess of the Note’s stated redemption 
price at maturity, as defined below, over its issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25% of the 
Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). An obligation 
that provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an "instalment 
obligation") will be treated as an Original Issue Discount Note if the excess of the Note’s stated redemption price at 
maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25% of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity 
multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Note. A Note’s weighted average maturity is the sum of the 
following amounts determined for each payment on a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the 
number of complete years from the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. 
The "issue price" of each Note in a particular offering will be the first price at which a substantial amount of that 
particular offering is sold (other than to an underwriter, broker, agent, wholesaler or similar persons). The "stated 
redemption price at maturity" of a Note is the sum of all payments required to be made on such Note other than 
"qualified stated interest" payments. The term "qualified stated interest" means stated interest that is unconditionally 
payable in cash or in property (other than debt instruments of the issuer) at least annually at a single fixed rate or, 
subject to certain conditions, based on one or more interest indices. Notice will be given in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, if a particular Note will bear interest that is not 
qualified stated interest. In the case of a Note issued with de minimis OID, the U.S. Holder generally must include 
such de minimis OID in income as capital gain as stated principal payments on the Notes are made in proportion to 
the stated principal amount of the Note. 
The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. Holder of an Original Issue Discount Note is the sum of 
the "daily portions" of OID with respect to the Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year 
in which such U.S. Holder held such Note ("accrued OID"). The daily portion is determined by allocating to each 
day in any "accrual period" a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. The "accrual period" for an 
Original Issue Discount Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term 
of the Note, provided that each accrual period is no longer than one year and each scheduled payment of principal or 
interest occurs on the first day or the final day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to any accrual period 
is an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the product of the Note’s adjusted issue price at the beginning of such 
accrual period and its yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period 
and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of any qualified stated interest allocable 
to the accrual period. OID allocable to a final accrual period is the difference between the amount payable at maturity 
(other than a payment of qualified stated interest) and the adjusted issue price at the beginning of the final accrual 
period. Special rules will apply for calculating OID for an initial short accrual period. The "adjusted issue price" of a 
Note at the beginning of any accrual period is equal to its issue price increased by the accrued OID for each prior 
accrual period (determined without regard to the amortisation of any acquisition or bond premium, as described below) 
and reduced by any payments made on such Note (other than qualified stated interest) on or before the first day of the 
accrual period. 
In the case of an Original Issue Discount Note that is a Floating Rate Note, both the "yield to maturity" and 
"qualified stated interest" will be determined solely for purposes of calculating the accrual of OID as though the Note 
will bear interest in all periods at a fixed rate generally equal to the rate that would be applicable to interest payments 
on the Note on its date of issue or, in the case of certain Floating Rate Notes, the rate that reflects the yield to maturity 
that is reasonably expected for the Note. Additional rules may apply if interest on a Floating Rate Note is based on 
more than one interest index or if the principal amount of the Note is indexed in any manner. Persons considering the 
purchase of Floating Rate Notes should carefully examine the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, and should consult their own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of the holding and disposition of such Notes. Any amount of de minimis OID that has not been included 
in income will be treated as capital gain upon a disposition of a Note.

--- Page 201 ---
191 
Certain of the Notes may be redeemed prior to their maturity at the option of the Issuer and/or at the option 
of the holder. Original Issue Discount Notes containing such features may be subject to rules that differ from the 
general rules discussed herein. Persons considering the purchase of Original Issue Discount Notes with such features 
should carefully examine the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, and should consult their own tax advisers with respect to such features since the tax consequences with 
respect to OID will depend, in part, on the particular terms and features of the Notes. 
U.S. Holders may elect to treat all interest on any Note as OID and calculate the amount includible in gross 
income under the constant yield method as described for U.S. Holders of Original Issue Discount Notes above. For 
the purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, acquisition discount, OID, de minimis OID, market 
discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium. A U.S. 
Holder making this election with respect to a Note acquired at a premium will be deemed to have made the election 
(discussed below in "—Notes Purchased at a Premium") to amortise premium currently, which shall apply to all debt 
instruments (other than debt instruments the interest on which is excludable from gross income) held by the U.S. 
Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, 
and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders are strongly urged to consult their own tax advisers 
about this election. 
Short Term Notes 
In the case of Short Term Notes, under the OID Treasury regulations, all payments (including all stated 
interest) will be included in the stated redemption price at maturity and, thus, U.S. Holders generally will be taxable 
on the discount in lieu of stated interest. The discount will be equal to the excess of the stated redemption price at 
maturity over the issue price of a Short Term Note, unless the U.S. Holder elects to compute this discount using its 
tax basis instead of issue price. In general, individuals and certain other cash method U.S. Holders of a Short Term 
Note are not required to include accrued discount in their income currently unless they elect to do so (but may be 
required to include any stated interest in income as it is received). U.S. Holders that report income for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes on the accrual method and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue discount on such 
Short Term Notes (as ordinary income) on a straight-line basis, unless an election is made to accrue the discount 
according to a constant yield method based on daily compounding of interest. In the case of a U.S. Holder that is not 
required, and does not elect, to include discount in income currently, any gain realised on the sale, exchange or 
retirement of the Short Term Note will generally be ordinary income to the extent of the discount accrued through the 
date of sale, exchange or retirement. In addition, a U.S. Holder that does not elect to include currently accrued discount 
in income may be required to defer deductions for a portion of the U.S. Holder’s interest expense with respect to any 
indebtedness incurred or maintained to purchase or carry such Notes. 
Foreign Currency Discount Notes 
OID for any accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a single 
foreign currency will be determined for any accrual period in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. Dollars 
in the same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described under " – Foreign Currency 
Denominated Interest" above. Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment 
of interest or the sale or retirement of a Note), a U.S. Holder will recognise foreign currency gain or loss in an amount 
determined in the same manner as interest income received by a holder on the accrual basis, as described above in "—
Foreign Currency Denominated Interest." 
Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note at original issue for an amount in excess of the sum of all amounts 
payable on the Note after the purchase date other than qualified stated interest will be considered to have purchased 
the Note at a "premium" and will not be required to include any OID in income. A U.S. Holder generally may elect to 
amortise the premium over the remaining term of the Note on a constant yield method as an offset to interest income

--- Page 202 ---
192 
on the Note. In the case of a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a single foreign currency, 
bond premium will be computed in units of such foreign currency, and amortisable bond premium will reduce interest 
income in units of the foreign currency. At the time amortised bond premium offsets interest income, a U.S. Holder 
may recognise exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) measured by the difference between 
exchange rates in effect at that time and at the time of the acquisition of the Notes. Any election to amortise bond 
premium shall apply to all debt instruments (other than debt instruments the interest on which is excludable from gross 
income) held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter 
acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. Special rules limit the amortisation of 
premium in the case of convertible debt. Bond premium on a Note held by a U.S. Holder that does not make such an 
election will decrease the gain or increase the loss otherwise recognised on disposition of the Note. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement 
A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note generally will be its U.S. Dollar cost increased by the amount of any OID 
included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments that are 
not qualified stated interest payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest 
on the Note. The U.S. Dollar cost of a Note purchased with a foreign currency generally will be the U.S. Dollar value 
of the purchase price on the date of purchase or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, as 
defined in the applicable Treasury Regulations, that are purchased by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis 
U.S. Holder that so elects), on the settlement date with respect to the purchase. A U.S. Holder generally will recognise 
gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale or 
retirement (less any accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable as such) and the tax basis of the Note. The 
amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency generally will be the U.S. Dollar value of 
such amount on the date of sale or retirement or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, within 
the meaning of the applicable Treasury Regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. Holder 
that so elects), on the settlement date for the sale of such Note. Certain modifications and substitutions of the Issuer 
with respect to a Note can cause such Note to be considered exchanged for a new Note for United States federal 
income tax purposes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers as to whether any modifications or substitutions 
would be considered an exchange of their Notes, and the consequences thereof. 
Gain or loss recognised on the sale or retirement of a Note (other than gain or loss that is attributable to OID, 
or exchange gain or loss which will be treated as ordinary income or loss) will be capital gain or loss and will be long-
term capital gain or loss if the Note was held for more than one year. A U.S. Holder will generally recognize exchange 
gain or loss on disposition of a Note equal to the difference between the U.S. Dollar value of the principal amount of 
the Note on the date of acquisition and the date of disposition (or, if the Notes are traded on an established securities 
market and the U.S. Holder is a cash basis or an electing accrual basis holder, the settlement date). For purposes of 
this determination, the issue price of the Notes in foreign currency will be treated as their principal amount. Exchange 
gain or loss is taken into account only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the transaction. Gain or loss realised 
by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. source income or loss. However, any loss 
realised by a U.S. Holder on such sale or retirement may be allocable to foreign source income by reference to the 
source of interest income on the Notes. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers as to the foreign tax 
credit implications of such sale or retirement of Notes. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a tax basis 
equal to its U.S. Dollar value at the time such interest is received or at the time of such sale or retirement. Any gain or 
loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency (including its use to purchase Notes or upon 
exchange for U.S. Dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss.

--- Page 203 ---
193 
Reportable Transaction Reporting Requirements 
Under certain U.S. Treasury Regulations, U.S. Holders that participate in "reportable transactions" (as defined 
in the regulations) must attach to their U.S. federal income tax returns a disclosure statement on Form 8886. Under 
the relevant rules, if the Notes are denominated in a foreign currency, a U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign 
currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable transaction if this loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the 
regulations (US$50,000 in a single year, if the U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for other non-
individual U.S. Holders) and to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. Substantial penalties can 
apply for failure to timely file a Form 8886. Prospective purchasers are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding 
the application of these rules. 
Foreign Financial Asset Reporting Requirements 
Certain U.S. Holders that own certain types of foreign financial assets such as a Note have an information 
reporting obligation when the aggregate value of all such foreign assets exceeds US$50,000. The reporting 
requirement applies to U.S. individuals and, if specified by the Internal Revenue Service, domestic entities formed (or 
availed of) for the purpose of holding, directly or indirectly, specified types of foreign financial assets. Significant 
penalties and an extended statute of limitations apply for failure to comply with these reporting requirements. U.S. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers with respect to this and any other reporting requirement that may apply 
with respect to their acquisition of a Note. 
Non-U.S. Holders 
Under U.S. federal income tax law currently in effect, subject to the discussion below under the caption "U.S. 
Backup Withholding Tax and Information Reporting," payments of interest (including OID) on a Note to a Non-U.S. 
Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless the income is effectively connected with the 
conduct by such Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business in the United States. 
Subject to the discussion below under the caption "U.S. Backup Withholding Tax and Information 
Reporting," any gain realised by a Non-U.S. Holder upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note generally will not 
be subject to U.S. federal income tax, unless the gain is effectively connected with the conduct by such Non-U.S. 
Holder of a trade or business in the United States. 
Additional Notes 
Additional Notes issued in further offerings by the Issuer may not be fungible for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes with Notes of the same series that were issued in the original offering for that series. Additional Notes are 
not fungible with an earlier issue unless they are issued in a qualified reopening of the original offering. Whether the 
issuance of additional Notes is a qualified reopening depends on the interval after the original offering, the yield of 
the original Notes at that time (based on their fair market value), whether the original Notes were issued with OID and 
whether any original Notes are publicly traded or quoted at the time of the new issuance. If issuance of the additional 
Notes is not a qualified reopening, the additional Notes may be issued with OID that exceeds the remaining OID, if 
any, on the originally issued Notes of the series. 
The market value of the previously outstanding Notes of a series may be adversely affected if additional 
Notes are issued with a greater amount of OID than the OID with which the originally issued Notes were issued, if 
any, unless the additional Notes can be distinguished from the originally issued Notes (for example by use of a different 
Common Code and International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") and, where applicable, CUSIP number). 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to provisions of U.S. federal income tax law commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act ("FATCA"), a non-U.S. financial institution that is not treated as exempt under FATCA generally

--- Page 204 ---
194 
will be subject to a 30% withholding tax on passive income (e.g., dividends, interest, rents) from sources within the 
United States received after 30 June 2014, on gross proceeds of the disposition, exchange, redemption or retirement 
of assets producing dividends or interest received after 31 December 2018 and on other payments attributable to 
income from U.S. sources as determined under FATCA ("foreign pass-thru payments") received after 31 December 
2018 unless such non-U.S. financial institution has entered into an agreement with the IRS pursuant to which it agrees, 
among other responsibilities, to collect and provide to the IRS information about its direct and indirect U.S. 
accountholders and investors. Where a non-exempt, non-U.S. financial institution has entered into an agreement with 
IRS pursuant to FATCA (a "Participating FFI"), such non-U.S. financial institution generally will be required to 
withhold tax on that portion of any payment it makes that is considered a "foreign pass-thru payment" for purposes of 
FATCA unless the relevant payee account holder or investor has provided sufficient information for the Participating 
FFI either: (x) to determine that the account holder or investor is not a U.S. person, U.S. controlled non-financial 
foreign entity or another Participating FFI or (y) to comply with information reporting obligations under its agreement 
with the IRS with respect to the payee account holder or investor.  
Certain non-U.S. financial institutions are exempted from the above rules, including certain controlled entities 
and instrumentalities of one or more foreign governments and political subdivisions thereof. The Issuer believes that 
it satisfies the requirements of FATCA to be treated as a controlled entity or instrumentality of a foreign government 
or of foreign governments that will be exempt from FATCA withholding on payments it receives. Accordingly, the 
Issuer does not expect to enter into an agreement with the IRS or otherwise to become a Participating FFI for FATCA 
purposes. As a result, the Issuer does not expect to withhold any amount in respect of FATCA from any payment it 
will make on the Notes. 
U.S. Backup Withholding Tax and Information Reporting 
Backup withholding tax and information reporting requirements apply to certain payments of principal of, 
and interest on, an obligation and to proceeds of the sale or redemption of an obligation, to certain non-corporate 
holders of Notes that are U.S. Holders. Information reporting generally may apply to payments of principal, interest 
and any OID or premium on a Note, and to proceeds from the sale or redemption of a Note (other than an exempt 
recipient, including a corporation, a payee that is not a U.S. Holder that provides an appropriate certification and 
certain other persons). The payor will be required to withhold backup withholding tax on payments made within the 
United States, or by a U.S. payor or U.S. middleman, on a Note to a U.S. Holder of a Note, other than an exempt 
recipient, such as a corporation, if such U.S. Holder fails to furnish its correct taxpayer identification number or 
otherwise fails to comply with, or establish an exemption from, the backup withholding requirements. 
Recent Tax Reform Legislation 
On 22 December 2017, the "Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent 
resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018" (the "2017 Tax Act"), which was originally introduced in the United 
States House of Representatives as the "Tax Cuts and Jobs Act", was enacted into law. The 2017 Tax Act amends the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Most of the provisions of the 2017 Tax Act take effect in 2018. The 2017 Tax Act 
made sweeping tax changes (including changes to the tax rates applicable to corporate and non-corporate U.S. 
Holders) which impact individuals and businesses. In light of the sweeping nature and complexities of the tax changes 
in the 2017 Tax Act, the IRS continues to issue implementing and clarifying guidance on many of these changes (the 
"Implementing Guidance"). U.S. Holders are strongly encouraged to consult with their tax advisers as to the impact 
of the 2017 Tax Act and the Implementing Guidance on an investment in the Notes, in light of their particular 
circumstances. 
Certain Benefit Plan and IRA Considerations 
The following is a summary of certain considerations associated with the purchase, holding and, to the extent 
relevant, disposition of the exchange notes by an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the ERISA, a plan 
described in Section 4975 of the Code, including an individual retirement account ("IRA") or a Keogh plan, a plan

--- Page 205 ---
195 
subject to provisions under applicable federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations that are similar to the 
provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code ("Similar Laws") and any entity whose underlying assets 
include "plan assets" by reason of any such employee benefit or retirement plan’s investment in such entity (each of 
which we refer to as a "Plan"). 
General Fiduciary Matters. ERISA and the Code impose certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries of a 
Plan subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (an "ERISA Plan") and prohibit certain transactions 
involving the assets of an ERISA Plan with its fiduciaries or other interested parties. In general, under ERISA and the 
Code, any person who exercises any discretionary authority or control over the administration of such an ERISA Plan 
or the management or disposition of the assets of such an ERISA Plan, or who renders investment advice for a fee or 
other compensation to such an ERISA Plan, is generally considered to be a fiduciary of the ERISA Plan. Employee 
benefit plans that are governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA or Section 4975(g)(3) of the Code) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of 
ERISA) are not subject to the requirements of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (but may be subject to similar 
prohibitions under Similar Laws). 
In considering the purchase, holding and, to the extent relevant, disposition of exchange notes with a portion 
of the assets of a Plan, a fiduciary should determine whether the investment is in accordance with the documents and 
instruments governing the Plan and the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code or any Similar Law relating to a 
fiduciary’s duties to the Plan including, without limitation, the prudence, diversification, delegation of control and 
prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA, the Code and any other applicable Similar Laws. 
Prohibited Transaction Issues. Section 406 of ERISA prohibits ERISA Plans from engaging in specified 
transactions involving plan assets with persons or entities who are "parties in interest," within the meaning of 
Section 3(14) of ERISA, and Section 4975 of the Code imposes an excise tax on certain "disqualified persons," within 
the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code, who engage in similar transactions, in each case unless an exemption is 
available. A party in interest or disqualified person who engages in a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be subject 
to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. In addition, the fiduciary of an ERISA 
Plan that engages in such a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be subject to penalties and liabilities under ERISA 
and the Code. In the case of an IRA, the occurrence of a prohibited transaction could cause the IRA to lose its tax-
exempt status. 
The purchase and/or holding of exchange notes by an ERISA Plan with respect to which the Issuer, the Initial 
Purchasers or a Guarantor (or certain of our or their affiliates) is considered a party in interest or a disqualified person 
may constitute or result in a direct or indirect prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 
of the Code, unless the investment is acquired and is held in accordance with an applicable statutory, class or individual 
prohibited transaction exemption. In this regard, the U.S. Department of Labor has issued prohibited transaction class 
exemptions, or "PTCEs," that may apply to the acquisition and holding of the exchange notes. These class exemptions 
include, without limitation, PTCE 84-14 respecting transactions determined by independent qualified professional 
asset managers, PTCE 90-1 respecting insurance company pooled separate accounts, PTCE 91-38 respecting bank 
collective investment funds, PTCE 95-60 respecting life insurance company general accounts and PTCE 96-23 
respecting transactions determined by in-house asset managers. In addition, Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and 
Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code each provide a limited exemption, commonly referred to as the "service provider 
exemption," from the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code for certain transactions 
between an ERISA Plan and a person that is a party in interest and/or a disqualified person (other than a fiduciary or 
an affiliate that, directly or indirectly, has or exercises any discretionary authority or control or renders any investment 
advice with respect to the assets of any ERISA Plan involved in the transaction) solely by reason of providing services 
to the Plan or by relationship to a service provider, provided that the ERISA Plan pays no more than adequate 
consideration in connection with the transaction. There can be no assurance that all of the conditions of any such 
exemptions will be satisfied at the time that the exchange notes are acquired by a purchaser, or thereafter, if the facts 
relied upon for utilizing a prohibited transaction exemption change.

--- Page 206 ---
196 
Because of the foregoing, the exchange notes should not be acquired or held by any person investing "plan 
assets" of any Plan, unless such acquisition and holding will not constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or similar violation of any applicable Similar Laws. 
Representation. Each purchaser and holder of exchange notes will be deemed to have represented and 
warranted that either (i) it is not a Plan, such as an IRA, and no portion of the assets used to acquire or hold the 
exchange notes constitutes assets of any Plan or (ii) the purchase and holding of an exchange note will not constitute 
a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or similar violation under any 
applicable Similar Laws for which there is no applicable statutory, regulatory or administrative exemption. 
The foregoing discussion is general in nature and is not intended to be all-inclusive. Due to the complexity 
of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in non-exempt prohibited transactions, it 
is particularly important that fiduciaries or other persons considering purchasing exchange notes on behalf of, or with 
the assets of, any Plan, consult with their counsel regarding the potential applicability of ERISA, Section 4975 of the 
Code and any Similar Laws to such investment and whether an exemption would be applicable to the purchase and 
holding of the exchange notes. The sale of any exchange notes to any Plan is in no respect a representation by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates or representatives that such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements with 
respect to investments by such Plans generally or any particular plan, or that such an investment is appropriate for 
Plans generally or any particular Plan. 
The above summary is not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all U.S. federal income tax 
consequences relating to the ownership of Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax 
advisers concerning the tax consequences of their particular situations. 
Republic of Kazakhstan Taxation 
The following is a general summary of the Republic of Kazakhstan tax consequences as at the date hereof in 
relation to payments made under the Notes and in relation to the sale or transfer of Notes. It is not exhaustive and 
purchasers are urged to consult their professional advisers as to the tax consequences to them of holding or transferring 
Notes. 
Under Kazakhstan law as presently in effect, and in particular on the basis of the international agreements 
that Kazakhstan has executed in relation to the Issuer, payments of principal and interest on the Notes to an individual 
who is a non-resident of the Republic of Kazakhstan for tax purposes or to a legal entity that is neither established in 
accordance with the legislation of the Republic of Kazakhstan, nor has its actual governing body (place of actual 
management) in, nor maintains a permanent establishment in, the Republic of Kazakhstan or otherwise has no taxable 
presence in the Republic of Kazakhstan (together, "Non-Kazakhstan Holders") will not be subject to taxation in the 
Republic of Kazakhstan, and no withholding of any Kazakhstan tax will be required on any such payments. In addition, 
gains realised by Non-Kazakhstan Holders derived from the disposal, sale, exchange or transfer of the Notes will not 
be subject to Kazakhstan income or profits tax. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transactions tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the "participating EU Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes (including 
secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes is, however, expected 
to be exempt.

--- Page 207 ---
197 
Under current proposals, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is a 
financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating EU Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating EU Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating EU Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating EU Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States 
may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Tax Exempt Status of the Issuer in the Member States 
Pursuant to the Charter of the Issuer adopted by the Establishing Agreement, the Issuer, its revenues, 
properties and other assets, as well as its operations and transactions carried out in accordance with the Establishing 
Agreement, are exempt from any form of taxation or imposition of levies, duties and other similar payments in the 
territories of the Member States. This provision is implemented by Article 9 of the Establishing Agreement.

--- Page 208 ---
198 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Because of the following restrictions, investors are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, 
resale or other transfer of any Note. 
Rule 144A Notes 
Each purchaser of a Rule 144A Note, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and any such Notes 
(including the Final Terms or, in case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement relating thereto), will be deemed to 
have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is (a) a QIB, (b) acquiring such Notes for its own account, or for the account of one or more QIBs for which 
it acts as a fiduciary or agent, and (c) aware, and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised, that 
the sale of such Notes to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(2) 
It will (a) along with each account for which it is purchasing, hold and transfer beneficial interests in the Rule 
144A Global Note in a principal amount that is not less than U.S.$200,000 and (b) provide notice of these 
transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferees. In addition, it understands that the Issuer may receive a 
list of participants holding positions in its securities from one or more book-entry depositaries. 
(3) 
It understands that such Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, or the 
securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction, and may not be offered, sold, pledged 
or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person acting on 
its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, 
each of which is purchasing not less than U.S.$200,000 in principal amount of the Rule 144A Notes or (b) to 
a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, or (c) 
pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, in each case (x) in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction and 
(y) the conditions set out in paragraph (4) below. 
(4) 
It understands that the Rule 144A Notes (and any individual Note Certificates issued in respect thereof), 
unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee in accordance with applicable law, will bear a 
legend to the following effect: 
"THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY 
STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION AND, ACCORDINGLY, 
NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A") TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND 
ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A (A "QIB"), PURCHASING FOR 
ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBs WHOM THE HOLDER HAS 
INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT SUCH OFFER, SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS 
BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, AND IN AN AMOUNT FOR EACH ACCOUNT OF 
NOT LESS THAN U.S.$200,000 PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOTES, OR (2) TO NON-U.S. PERSONS 
IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S"), OR (3) PURSUANT TO ANY 
OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND 
IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, AND THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH 
SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THE RESALE

--- Page 209 ---
199 
RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL 
BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO 
TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO 
THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER OF THIS NOTE, THE TRUSTEE OR ANY INTERMEDIARY. NO 
REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION 
THEREIN. 
(5) 
It acknowledges that the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely 
upon the trust and accuracy of the above acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that, 
if any of the acknowledgements, representations or agreements deemed to have been made by it by its 
purchase of Rule 144A Notes is no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer and the Dealers. If it 
is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts who are QIBs, it represents 
that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account, and that it has full power to make the 
above acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
(6) 
It understands that the Rule 144A Notes will be evidenced by the Rule 144A Global Note. Before any interest 
in the Rule 144A Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes 
delivery in the form of an interest in the Regulation S Global Note, it will be required to provide a Transfer 
Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to compliance with 
applicable securities laws. 
(7) 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from 
the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of a Regulation S Note outside the United States, by accepting delivery of this Base 
Prospectus and such Notes (including the Final Terms or, in case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement relating 
thereto), will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is, or at the time Regulation S Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Regulation S Notes 
and (a) it is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S) 
and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that the Regulation S Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act 
or the securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction and may not be offered, sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person 
acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs, each of which is purchasing not less than U.S.$200,000 in principal amount of the Rule 144A 
Notes or (b) to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S, or (c) pursuant to any other available exemption from registration under the Securities Act, in 
each case (x) in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or any other 
jurisdiction and (y) the conditions set out in paragraph (5) below. 
(3) 
It understands that Regulation S Notes of a Series will be evidenced by a Regulation S Global Note. Before 
any interest in a Regulation S Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Note, it will be required to provide a 
Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to compliance 
with applicable securities laws.

--- Page 210 ---
200 
(4) 
It acknowledges that the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Dealer(s) and their affiliates and others will 
rely upon the truth and accuracy of the above acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agree 
that, if any of the acknowledgements, representations or agreements deemed to have been made by it by its 
purchase of Notes is no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer or the Dealers). If it is acquiring 
any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the above acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements on behalf of each account. 
(5) 
It understands that the Regulation S Notes (and any individual Note Certificates issued in respect thereof), 
unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee in accordance with applicable law, will bear a 
legend to the following effect: 
"THIS NOTE HAS NOT, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF 
THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, AND NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY 
INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S") OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS UNTIL 40 DAYS AFTER COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE SERIES OF 
WHICH THIS NOTE IS A PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OF REGULATION S." 
Terms used in the preceding paragraphs of have the meanings given to them by Regulation S or Rule 144A, 
as applicable.

--- Page 211 ---
201 
APPENDIX - CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
The following terms are used in this Base Prospectus and are not defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes": 
"ALMC" means the Assets and Liabilities Management Committee; 
"applicable Final Terms" means the final terms applicable to each issue of Notes; 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" means the pricing supplement applicable to each issue of Exempt Notes; 
"Armenia Terms of Stay Agreement" means an agreement between the government of the Republic of Armenia and 
the Issuer on the terms of the Issuer's stay in the Republic of Armenia, dated 27 April 2010; 
"Basel II" means the report titled "International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards: A 
Revised Framework" of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision dated June 2004; 
"Belarus Terms of Stay Agreement" means an agreement between the government of the Republic of Belarus and 
the Issuer on the terms of the Issuer's stay in the Republic of Belarus, dated 17 June 2010 and ratified on 3 June 2011; 
"Beneficial Owner" means the ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each Note; 
"Charter" means the charter of the Issuer, as appended to the Establishing Agreement; 
"CIS" means the Commonwealth of Independent States; 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, S.A.;  
"Code" means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
"Collateral Policy" means the assessment of availability of recourse to the project sponsors and the existence of 
sufficient collateral in the form of assets or third party guarantees; 
"Council" means the supreme management body of the Issuer which is responsible for the overall supervision of the 
Issuer's activities; 
"Convention" means the 1958 New York Convention on Recognition and Enforcement of Arbitral Awards; 
"CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended; 
"Credit Committee" means the committee that implements the Issuer's credit policies; 
"Dealer Agreement" means the dealer agreement dated on or about 26 February 2021; 
"Dealers" means all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches; 
"Definitive Notes" means Notes in definitive registered form; "derivatives" means derivative financial instruments; 
"Direct Participants" means investors who hold their interests in the Global Notes directly through their Euroclear 
or Clearstream account(s); 
"distribution compliance period" means 40 days after completion of the distribution of the Series of which the Notes 
are a part; 
"DTC" means The Depository Trust Company; 
"EAEU" means the Eurasian Economic Union;

--- Page 212 ---
202 
"EAEU+" means member of EAEU and the Republic of Tajikistan; 
"ECP" means eligible counterparty in accordance with MIFID II; 
"EEA Member State" refers to a member state of the European Economic Area; 
"EFSD" refers to the Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development; 
"EFSD Resources Manager" means the entity designated as the EFSD investment manager by the EFSD council; 
"ERISA" means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; 
"Establishing Agreement" means the Agreement Establishing the Eurasian Development Bank dated 12 January 
2006; 
"EU" means the European Union; 
"EUR" and "Euro" mean the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European 
Union and as further amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam; 
"EEU" means the Eurasian Economic Union which comprises the Russian Federation, the Republic of Kazakhstan, 
the Republic of Belarus, the Kyrgyz Republic and the Republic of Armenia; 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129; 
"Exchange Act" means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 
"Exchange Date" means the day falling not later than 90 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is 
given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent is located; 
"Exempt Notes" means the Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and/or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable; 
"FATCA" means Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code; 
"FIEL" means the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended); 
"Financial Statements" means, collectively, the Issuer’s audited annual financial statements as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 all of which were prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings CIS Limited; 
"FSMA" means the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended; 
 "GDP" means gross domestic product; 
"Global Notes" means the Rule 144A Global Note and the Regulation S Global Notes, collectively; 
"IASB" means the International Accounting Standards Board; 
"IFRIC" means the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee; 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards;

--- Page 213 ---
203 
"IMF" means the International Monetary Fund; 
"Indirect Participants" means investors who hold their interests in the Global Notes indirectly through organisations 
which are Euroclear or Clearstream accountholders; 
"Internal Regulations" means the prudential risk policies and other internal regulations to manage risks adopted by 
the Issuer on 20 May 2008 and amended and restated; 
"Investment Declaration" means the investment declaration approved by the Issuer on 20 November 2007, as 
amended; 
"Investment Regulations" mean the regulation adopted by the Issuer on 4 February 2008 concerning its future 
investment activities; 
"Investor's Currency" means the currency or currency unit of the investor; 
"issue price" of each Note means the first price at which a substantial amount of the particular offering is sold (other 
than to an underwriter, broker, agent or wholesaler); 
"Issuer" means the Eurasian Development Bank; 
"Kazakhstan" means the Republic of Kazakhstan; 
"Kazakhstan Terms of Stay Agreement" means the agreement between the government of the Republic of 
Kazakhstan and the Issuer on the terms of the Issuer's stay in the Republic of Kazakhstan dated 17 June 2006 and 
ratified on 11 January 2007; 
"Kyrgyz Terms of Stay Agreement" means an agreement between the government of the Kyrgyz Republic and the 
Issuer on the terms of the Issuer's stay in the Kyrgyz Republic, dated 14 September 2011; 
"KZT" and "Tenge" mean Kazakh Tenge, the lawful currency of the Republic of Kazakhstan; 
"Market and Liquidity Risks Management Rules" means the rules managing market and treasury risks approved 
by the Issuer on 20 December 2016; 
"Member States" mean the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Belarus, the Republic 
of Armenia, the Republic of Tajikistan and the Kyrgyz Republic and any further state and/or international organisation 
which may be acceded to the Issuer in the future; 
"MiFID II" means Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended; 
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service Singapore Pte. Ltd.; 
"MRIF" means Macquarie Renaissance Infrastructure Fund; 
"NBK" means the National Bank of Kazakhstan;  
"Non-Kazakhstan Holder" means an individual who is a non-resident of the Republic of Kazakhstan or a legal entity 
that is neither established in accordance with the legislation of the Republic of Kazakhstan, nor has its actual governing 
body (place of actual management) in, nor maintains a permanent establishment in, the Republic of Kazakhstan or 
otherwise has no taxable presence in the Republic of Kazakhstan; 
"Notes" means Euro medium term notes; 
"NSB" means the National Statistics Bureau of Kazakhstan;

--- Page 214 ---
204 
"OECD" means the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development; 
"OFAC" means the U.S. Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control; 
"Official List" means the official list of Euronext Dublin; 
"OID" means original issue discount; 
"Participants" means Indirect Participants and Direct Participants, collectively; 
"Permanent Dealer" means VTB Capital plc and such additional persons that are appointed as Dealers in respect of 
the Programme as a whole (and whose appointment has not been terminated); 
"Programme" means the U.S.$3,500,000,000 Euro medium term note programme; 
"Project Groups" means the seven independent project groups of the Issuer which are involved in corporate lending 
activity. 
"QIB" means qualified institutional buyers, as defined in Rule 144A of the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulated Market" means the regulated securities market of Euronext Dublin; 
"Regulation S Global Note" means the global unrestricted note in registered form representing Regulation S Notes 
of each Series to be sold in an "offshore transaction" within the meaning of Regulation S; 
"Regulation S Notes" means notes offered and sold to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on 
Regulation S; 
"Rosstat" means the Federal Service for State Statistics of the Russian Federation; 
"RUB" and "Roubles" mean Russian Roubles, the lawful currency of the Russian Federation; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
"Rule 144A Global Note" means the global unrestricted Note in registered form representing Rule 144A Notes of 
each Series to be sold to QIBs; 
"Rule 144A Notes" means notes offered and sold in reliance on the exemption from registration provided in Rule 
144A; 
"Russia" means the Russian Federation; 
"Russian Central Bank" means the Central Bank of the Russian Federation; 
"Russian Terms of Stay Agreement" means an agreement between the government of the Russian Federation and 
the Issuer on the terms of the Issuer's stay in the Russian Federation dated 7 October 2008 and ratified on 27 December 
2009; 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
"Series" means series in which Notes may be issued having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series;

--- Page 215 ---
205 
"Short Term Note" means a Note with a term of one year or less; 
"Specified Denomination" means the denomination of the Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
"Stabilisation Manager(s)" means such Dealer(s) as may be designated from time to time in relation to an issue of 
Notes; 
"Sterling" and "£" mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited; 
"Tajikistan Terms of Stay Agreement" means an agreement between the government of the Republic of Tajikistan 
and the Issuer on the terms of the Issuer's stay in the Republic of Tajikistan, dated 21 October 2009 and ratified on 4 
January 2010; 
"Technical Assistance Fund" means a fund established by the Issuer in February 2008 dedicated to sponsoring 
various research programmes which are intended to promote regional economic integration and economic 
development in the Member States; 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" means the terms and conditions of the Notes as set forth in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes"; 
"Tranche" means tranches in which Series of Notes may be issued on the same or different issue dates, the specific 
terms of which will be set out in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; 
"Trust Deed" means the amended and restated trust deed dated 26 February 2021; 
"Trustee" means Citicorp Trustee Company Limited and any successor trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed; 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; 
"United States" or "U.S." means the United States of America; and 
"U.S.$" and "U.S. Dollar" mean the lawful currency of the United States of America.

--- Page 216 ---
206 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
The Issuer is not subject to any consents, approvals and authorisations in its Member States in connection 
with any Series of Notes. The establishment and update of the Programme were authorised by duly adopted 
resolutions of the Council on 25 September 2006 and 2 August 2007 and by resolutions of the Management 
Board on 20 November 2007 and 2 February 2021. 
(2) 
Since 31 December 2020, there has been no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer.  
(3) 
There have not been any recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a material extent relevant to 
the evaluation of the Issuer's solvency. 
(4) 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) against or affecting the Issuer, during the previous 12 
months prior to the date of this document which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
(5) 
The financial statements of the Issuer as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 and for the years then ended, 
included in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by Deloitte, LLP (Kazakhstan), independent auditors 
(acting as an auditor under licence No. 0000015, dated 13 September 2006 issued by the Ministry of Finance 
of the Republic of Kazakhstan and regulated by the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Kazakhstan), as 
stated in their report appearing therein. The business address of Deloitte, LLP (Kazakhstan) is 36 Al Farabi 
Ave., Almaty, 050059 Republic of Kazakhstan. . 
(6) 
For so long as any Series of Notes is outstanding, copies (and English translations where the documents in 
question are not in English, as set out below) of the following documents in physical format may be obtained 
free of charge upon a reasonable request at the specified offices of the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent 
during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) and on the 
Issuer’s website (https://eabr.org/en/investors/debt-instruments/): 
 
the annual report and the Financial Statements for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018; 
 
copies and English translations of the Charter of the Issuer and the Establishing Agreement, such English 
translations being direct and accurate translations of the original documents; 
 
the Trust Deed in respect of the Notes (including the forms of the Global Notes and Definitive Notes); and 
 
each set of Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Regulated Market or, for Exempt Notes, each Pricing 
Supplement. 
Each set of Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted for trading on the Regulated 
Market will also be published at Euronext Dublin's website. 
In the event that there is a discrepancy between the English translation of the Charter and/or the Establishing 
Agreement and the original, Russian language version of the Charter and/or Establishing Agreement, as 
applicable, the original, Russian language version of the Charter and/or Establishing Agreement shall prevail. 
(7) 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information. 
(8) 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream and DTC. The Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the CUSIP number and 
the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 217 ---
207 
(9) 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the Regulated Market through Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited. Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to Notes issued under the Programme 
and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under Programme to the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
(10) 
This Base Prospectus shall be published on Euronext Dublin's website (http://www.ise.ie/). 
(11) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 253400Q2AQ3F58BLL187. 
(12) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its 
respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market 
risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 218 ---
208 
 
INDEX TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
Audited Financial Statements for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 
 
Independent Auditors' Report  ...................................................................................................................  
F-3 
Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income ................................................................  
F-8 
Statement of Financial Position .................................................................................................................  
F-10 
Statement of Changes in Equity ................................................................................................................  
F-11 
Statement of Cash Flows ...........................................................................................................................  
F-12 
Notes to the Financial Statements .............................................................................................................  
F-14

--- Page 219 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
Financial Statements and  
Independent Auditor’s Report 
For the Year ended 31 December 2020 
 
      F-1

--- Page 220 ---
Eurasian Development Bank 
 
 
Table of Contents 
 
 
Page 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
 
 
Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 
1-2 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
3 
 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
4 
 
Statement of Cash Flows 
5-6 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
7-100 
 
 
      F-2

--- Page 221 ---
F-3

--- Page 222 ---
F-4

--- Page 223 ---
F-5

--- Page 224 ---
F-6

--- Page 225 ---
F-7

--- Page 226 ---
F-8

--- Page 227 ---
F-9

--- Page 228 ---
F-10

--- Page 229 ---
F-11

--- Page 230 ---
F-12

--- Page 231 ---
F-13

--- Page 232 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020  
(in thousands of US Dollars) 
 
7 
1. 
BACKGROUND 
 
(a) Principal activities 
 
Eurasian Development Bank (“the Bank”) is an international organisation, which was established in 
accordance with the Agreement Establishing Eurasian Development Bank, entered into between the Russian 
Federation and the Republic of Kazakhstan on 12 January 2006 (“the Agreement on Incorporation”). The 
Agreement on Incorporation became effective on 16 June 2006, since its ratification by the Russian 
Federation and the Republic of Kazakhstan via adoption of relevant laws.  
 
The Bank’s membership is open to new participants such that other states and international organisations 
that have mutual objectives with the Bank. The strategic objective of the Bank is to promote the development 
of the market economy in its Member states, including their economic growth and the expansion of mutual 
trade and economic relations through investment activity. The Bank aims to assist Member states in 
integrating their economies and developing their infrastructure. 
 
In December 2008, the Council of the Bank approved the accession of the Republic of Armenia, the 
Republic of Belarus and the Republic of Tajikistan to the Agreement on Incorporation. The Republic of 
Armenia, the Republic of Tajikistan and the Republic of Belarus have fulfilled their respective appropriate 
domestic procedures related to the ratification of the Agreement on Incorporation of the Bank, made their 
contributions 
to 
the 
share 
capital 
and 
became 
Member 
states 
of 
the 
Bank 
on  
3 April 2009, on 22 June 2009 and 21 June 2010, respectively. 
 
On 28 June 2011, the Council of the Bank approved the accession of the Kyrgyz Republic to the Agreement 
on Incorporation of the Bank. The Kyrgyz Republic has fulfilled its respective appropriate domestic 
procedures related to the ratification of the Agreement on Incorporation, made its contribution to the share 
capital and became Member state of the Bank on 26 August 2011. 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the following states were members of the Bank: the Russian Federation, the 
Republic of Kazakhstan, the Republic of Armenia, the Republic of Tajikistan, the Republic of Belarus and 
the Kyrgyz Republic. 
 
The Bank's principal activity is an engagement in investment activities for the benefit of socioeconomic 
development of the member states. One of the Bank’s primary functions is to provide financing for large 
infrastructure projects in the Member states, which it implements through the provision of loans and debt 
financing to private and public entities, investing in the equity of customers, participating in, or establishing, 
private equity funds, providing investment consulting, and providing other financial instruments. The Bank 
seeks to insure that all its projects are financially viable.  
 
The headquarters of the Bank is located at: 220, Dostyk Avenue, Almaty, the Republic of Kazakhstan. Also 
the Bank and has a branch office in St. Petersburg and representative offices in Bishkek, Dushanbe, Minsk, 
Moscow, Nur-Sultan and Yerevan. 
      F-14

--- Page 233 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
8 
1. 
BACKGROUND, CONTINUED 
 
(a) Principal activities, continued 
 
In accordance with article 31 of the Charter of the Bank, which is an integral part of the Agreement on 
Incorporation, the Bank possesses immunity against any legal proceedings under the jurisdiction of its 
Member states, except in cases which do not result from its execution of its powers. Actions may be brought 
against the Bank only in a court of competent jurisdiction in the territory of a state in which the Bank has its 
principal or a branch office, a subsidiary bank or a representative office, or has appointed an agent for the 
purpose of accepting service or notice of process, or has issued or guaranteed securities. Property and assets 
of the Bank located in member states shall be immune from search, requisition, attachment, confiscation, 
expropriation or any other form of taking or foreclosure unless and until a final judgment is delivered against 
the Bank. The Bank, its income, property, assets, and its operations and transactions carried out as per this 
Charter in the territory of member states shall be exempt from all taxes, duties, levies or fees, except charges 
for particular services. 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, shares of the Bank were owned as follows: 
 
% 
The Russian Federation 
65.97 
The Republic of Kazakhstan 
32.99 
The Republic of Belarus 
0.99 
The Republic of Tajikistan 
0.03 
The Republic of Armenia 
0.01 
The Kyrgyz Republic 
0.01 
Total 
100.00 
 
According to the Charter of the Bank, significant decisions like: accession of new Member states, changes 
in share capital of the Bank, liquidation/suspension of activity of the Bank must be approved by no less than 
75% of votes. Also the Council of the Bank elects the Chairman and members of the Management Board and 
approves/disapproves all counterparty risks above 100 million US dollars. According to the Charter at least 
75% of the shareholders must be present at the Council’s meeting, thus effectively requiring both the Russian 
Federation and the Republic of Kazakhstan to vote similarly on most of the key decision of the Council. The 
Bank does not have an ultimate controlling party. All six Member states have representatives in the Council 
of the Bank. 
 
These financial statements were authorised for issue on 10 February 2021 by the management of the Bank. 
 
(b) Business environment 
 
The Bank’s operations are primarily located in the Member states. Consequently, the Bank is exposed to the 
economic and financial markets of the Member states that display characteristics of emerging markets. The 
legal, tax and regulatory frameworks continue development, but are subject to varying interpretations and 
frequent changes which together with other legal and fiscal impediments contribute to the challenges faced 
by entities operating in the Member states. In particular, the current economic and political situation, 
including the situation in Ukraine and the introduction of sanctions against the Russian Federation by 
particular countries and the introduction of responsive sanctions against particular countries by the Russian 
Federation, creates risks for operations conducted by the Bank. The financial statements reflect 
management’s assessment of the impact of the Member states’ business environment on the operations and 
financial position of the Bank. The future business environment may differ from management’s assessment. 
 
 
      F-15

--- Page 234 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
9 
1. 
BACKGROUND, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Business environment, continued 
 
Starting from early 2020 a new coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has begun rapidly spreading all over the 
world resulting in announcement of the pandemic status by the World Health Organization in March 2020. 
Responses put in place by many countries to contain the spread of COVID-19 resulted in significant 
operational disruption for many companies and had a significant impact on global financial markets. The 
Member states are experiencing a decline in economic activity and mutual trade, a downturn in real income, 
and growth in underemployment and unemployment. At the end of 2020, the financial and commodity 
markets reacted positively to reports of progress in development of an effective vaccine. However, the 
development of the COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain. If the rapid increase in infections is not curbed 
promptly and the mass distribution of vaccines is delayed, the loss of economic growth will be much more 
severe, and growing global uncertainty and investors opting for defensive assets may pressurize the 
currencies of the Bank’s operating region. 
 
In order to analyse and project the economic situation in Member states, the Bank uses an integrated model 
system comprising the models of the five states and an external factors. The tool allows the Bank to 
consistently forecast key macroeconomic factors (GDP, inflation rate, foreign currency exchange rate, 
interest rate, budget deficit, money transfers) with projections being made on a quarterly basis. 
 
The Bank plans to further refine macroeconomic forecasts and update models to assess the macroeconomic 
effect on financial results of the Bank. 
 
 
2. 
BASIS OF PREPARATION 
 
These financial statements have been prepared on the assumption that the Bank is a going concern and will 
continue in operation for the foreseeable future. 
 
(a) Statement of compliance 
 
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”). 
 
(b) Basis of measurement 
 
These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the initial 
recognition of financial instruments based on fair value, and by the revaluation financial instruments 
categorised at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) and at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (“FVOCI”). The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements 
are set out below.  
 
      F-16

--- Page 235 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
10 
2. 
BASIS OF PREPARATION, CONTINUED 
 
(c) Functional and presentation currency 
 
The functional currency of the Bank is the US dollar as it reflects the economic substance of the majority of 
underlying events and circumstances relevant to them. 
 
The US dollar is also the presentation currency for the purposes of these financial statements.  
 
The Bank considered the following factors in determining its functional currency: the Bank is an international 
organisation, share capital is formed in US dollars, funds from financing activities are generated mainly in 
US dollars, and the majority of the Bank’s principal activities are conducted in US dollars. 
 
Financial information presented in US dollars is rounded to the nearest thousand. 
 
(d) Use of estimates and judgments 
 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgements, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of 
assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates 
are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. Please see 
details on critical accounting estimates and judgements in Note 3 (p). 
 
 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 
The accounting policies set out below are applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial 
statements, and are applied consistently by the Bank. 
 
(a) Foreign currency  
 
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the functional currency of the Bank at the exchange rates 
at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the 
reporting date are retranslated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. The foreign 
currency gain or loss on monetary items is the difference between amortised cost in the functional currency 
at the beginning of the period, adjusted for effective interest and payments during the period, and the 
amortised cost in foreign currency translated at the exchange rate at the end of the reporting period. Non-
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are 
retranslated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value is determined.  
 
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using 
the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences arising on retranslation are 
recognised in profit or loss, except for differences arising on the retranslation of equity instruments at fair 
value through other comprehensive income unless the difference is due to impairment in which case foreign 
currency differences that have been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or 
loss; a financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation to the extent that 
the hedge is effective; or qualifying cash flow hedges to the extent that the hedge is effective, which are 
recognised in other comprehensive income.  
 
 
      F-17

--- Page 236 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
11 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(a) Foreign currency, continued  
 
Rates of exchange 
 
The exchange rates used by the Bank in the preparation of the financial statements were as follows:  
 
31 December 
2020 
 31 December 
2019 
 31 December 
2018 
US dollar/1 Kazakhstan tenge (“KZT”) 
0.00237445  
0.00261342  
0.00262550 
US dollar/1 Russian rouble (“RUB”) 
0.01347900  
0.01611700  
0.01441400 
US dollar/1 British pound sterling (“GBP”) 
1.36510000  
1.32630000  
1.27460000 
US dollar/1 Euro (“EUR”) 
1.22250000  
1.12290000  
1.14520000 
 
(b) Financial instruments 
 
(i) Financial instruments – key measurement terms  
 
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The best evidence of fair value is price in 
an active market. An active market is one in which transactions for the asset or liability take place with 
sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Fair value of financial 
instruments traded in an active market is measured as the product of the quoted price for the individual asset 
or liability and the quantity held by the entity.  
 
Valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow models or models based on recent arm’s length 
transactions or consideration of financial data of the investees, are used to measure fair value of certain 
financial instruments for which external market pricing information is not available. Fair value measurements 
are analysed by level in the fair value hierarchy as follows: (i) level one are measurements at quoted prices 
(unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, (ii) level two measurements are valuations 
techniques with all material inputs observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or 
indirectly (that is, derived from prices), and (iii) level three measurements are valuations not based on solely 
observable market data (that is, the measurement requires significant unobservable inputs).  
 
Transaction costs are incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, issue or disposal of a 
financial instrument. An incremental cost is one that would not have been incurred if the transaction had not 
taken place. Transaction costs include fees and commissions paid to agents (including employees acting as 
selling agents), advisors, brokers and dealers, levies by regulatory agencies and securities exchanges, and 
transfer taxes and duties. Transaction costs do not include debt premiums or discounts, financing costs or 
internal administrative or holding costs.  
 
Amortised cost is the amount at which the financial instrument was recognised at initial recognition less any 
principal repayments, plus accrued interest, and for financial assets less any allowance for expected credit 
losses. Accrued interest includes amortisation of transaction costs deferred at initial recognition and of any 
premium or discount to maturity amount using the effective interest method. Accrued interest income and 
accrued interest expense, including both accrued coupon and amortised discount or premium (including fees 
deferred at origination, if any), are not presented separately and are included in the carrying values of related 
items in the statement of financial position. 
 
 
      F-18

--- Page 237 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
12 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Financial instruments, continued 
 
(i) Financial instruments – key measurement terms, continued  
 
The effective interest rate method is a method of allocating interest income or interest expense over the 
relevant period, so as to achieve a constant periodic rate of interest (effective interest rate) on the carrying 
amount. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts 
(excluding future credit losses) through the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, if 
appropriate, to the gross carrying amount of the financial instrument.  
 
The effective interest rate discounts cash flows of variable interest instruments to the next interest repricing 
date, except for the premium or discount, which reflects the credit spread over the floating rate specified in 
the instrument, or other variables that are not reset to market rates. Such premiums or discounts are amortised 
over the whole expected life of the instrument. The present value calculation includes all fees paid or received 
between parties to the contract that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. For assets that are 
purchased or originated credit impaired at initial recognition, the effective interest rate is adjusted for credit 
risk, i.e. it is calculated based on the expected cash flows on initial recognition instead of contractual 
payments. 
 
(ii) Financial instruments – initial recognition  
 
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss are initially recorded at fair value. All other financial 
instruments are initially recorded at fair value adjusted for transaction costs. Fair value at initial recognition 
is best evidenced by the transaction price. A gain or loss on initial recognition is only recorded if there is a 
difference between fair value and transaction price which can be evidenced by other observable current 
market transactions in the same instrument or by a valuation technique whose inputs include only data from 
observable markets. After the initial recognition, an expected credit loss allowance is recognized for financial 
assets measured at amortised cost and investments in debt instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, resulting in an immediate accounting loss. 
 
(iii) Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – measurement categories  
 
The Bank classifies financial assets in the following measurement categories: fair value through profit or 
loss, fair value through other comprehensive income and amortised cost. The classification and subsequent 
measurement of debt financial assets depends on: (i) the Bank’s business model for managing the related 
assets portfolio and (ii) the cash flow characteristics of the asset.  
 
(iv) Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – business model  
 
The business model reflects how the Bank manages the assets in order to generate cash flows – whether the 
Bank’s objective is: (i) solely to collect the contractual cash flows from the assets (“hold to collect contractual 
cash flows”), or (ii) to collect both the contractual cash flows and the cash flows arising from the sale of 
assets (“hold to collect contractual cash flows and sell”) or, if neither of (i) and (ii) is applicable, the financial 
assets are classified as part of “other” business model and measured at fair value through profit or loss.  
 
The business model is determined for a group of assets (on a portfolio level) based on all relevant evidence 
about the activities that the Bank undertakes to achieve the objective set out for the portfolio available at the 
date of the assessment.  
 
 
      F-19

--- Page 238 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
13 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Financial instruments, continued 
 
(iv) Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – business model, continued  
 
An assessment of business models for managing financial assets is performed at the date of initial application 
of IFRS 9 to determine the classification of a financial asset. The business model is applied retrospectively 
to all financial assets existing at the date of initial application of IFRS 9. The Bank determines the business 
models at a level that reflects how groups of financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular 
business objective. The Bank’s business model does not depend on management’s intentions for an individual 
instrument; therefore, the business model assessment is performed at a higher level of aggregation rather than 
on an instrument-by-instrument basis. 
 
(v) Financial assets – classification and subsequent measurement – cash flow characteristics  
 
Where the business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows or to hold contractual cash flows 
and sell, the Bank assesses whether the cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest 
(“SPPI”). Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining 
whether their cash flows are consistent with the SPPI feature. In making this assessment, the Bank considers 
whether the contractual cash flows are consistent with a basic lending arrangement, i.e. interest includes only 
consideration for credit risk, time value of money, other basic lending risks and profit margin.  
 
Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility that is inconsistent with a basic lending 
arrangement, the financial asset is classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss. The SPPI 
assessment is performed on initial recognition of an asset and it is not subsequently reassessed.  
 
(vi) Financial assets – reclassification  
 
Financial instruments are reclassified only when the business model for managing the portfolio as a whole 
changes. The reclassification has a prospective effect and takes place from the beginning of the first reporting 
period that follows after the change in the business model. The Bank did not change its business model during 
the current and comparative period and did not make any reclassifications. 
 
(vii) Financial assets impairment – credit loss allowance for expected credit loss  
 
The Bank assesses, on a forward-looking basis, the expected credit loss for debt instruments measured at 
amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income and for the exposures arising from loan 
commitments and financial guarantee contracts. The Bank measures expected credit loss and recognises 
credit loss allowance at each reporting date. The measurement of expected credit loss reflects: (i) an unbiased 
and probability weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes, (ii) time 
value of money and (iii) all reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost and 
effort at the end of each reporting period about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future 
conditions. 
 
Debt instruments measured at amortised cost are presented in the statement of financial position net of the 
allowance for expected credit loss. For loan commitments and financial guarantees, a separate provision for 
expected credit loss is recognised as a liability in the statement of financial position. For debt instruments at 
fair value through other comprehensive income, changes in amortised cost, net of allowance for expected 
credit loss, are recognised in profit or loss and other changes in carrying value are recognised in other 
comprehensive income as gains less losses on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive 
income.  
 
 
      F-20

--- Page 239 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
14 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Financial instruments, continued 
 
(vii) Financial assets impairment – credit loss allowance for expected credit loss, continued 
 
The Bank applies a three stage model for impairment, based on changes in credit quality since initial 
recognition. A financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition is classified in Stage 1. 
Financial assets in Stage 1 have their expected credit loss measured at an amount equal to the portion of 
lifetime expected credit loss that results from default events possible within the next  
12 months or until contractual maturity, if shorter. If the Bank identifies a significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition, the asset is transferred to Stage 2 and its expected credit loss is measured based on 
expected credit loss on a lifetime basis, that is, up until contractual maturity but considering expected 
prepayments, if any. If the Bank determines that a financial asset is credit-impaired, the asset is transferred 
to Stage 3 and its expected credit loss is measured as a lifetime expected credit loss. For financial assets that 
are purchased or originated credit-impaired, the expected credit loss is always measured as a lifetime 
expected credit loss.  
 
(viii) Financial assets – write-off  
 
Financial assets are written-off, in whole or in part, when the Bank exhausted all practical recovery efforts 
and has concluded that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. The write-off represents a 
derecognition event. The Bank may write-off financial assets that are still subject to enforcement activity 
when the Bank seeks to recover amounts that are contractually due, however, there is no reasonable 
expectation of recovery. 
 
(ix) Financial assets – derecognition  
 
The Bank derecognises financial assets when (a) the assets are redeemed or the rights to cash flows from the 
assets otherwise expired or (b) the Bank has transferred the rights to the cash flows from the financial assets 
or entered into a qualifying pass-through arrangement while (i) also transferring substantially all risks and 
rewards of ownership of the assets or (ii) neither transferring nor retaining substantially all risks and rewards 
of ownership, but not retaining control. Control is retained if the counterparty does not have the practical 
ability to sell the asset in its entirety to an unrelated third party without needing to impose restrictions on the 
sale. Please see details on critical judgements over derecognition in Note 3 (p).  
 
(x) Financial assets – modification  
 
The Bank sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual terms of the financial assets. The 
Bank assesses whether the modification of contractual cash flows is substantial considering, among other, 
the following factors: any new contractual terms that substantially affect the risk profile of the asset, 
significant change in interest rate, change in the currency denomination, new collateral or credit enhancement 
that significantly affects the credit risk associated with the asset or a significant extension of a loan when the 
borrower is not in financial difficulties.  
 
If the modified terms are substantially different, the rights to cash flows from the original asset expire and 
the Bank derecognises the original financial asset and recognises a new asset at its fair value. The date of 
renegotiation is considered to be the date of initial recognition for subsequent impairment calculation 
purposes, including determining whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred. The Bank also 
assesses whether the new loan or debt instrument meets the SPPI criterion. Any difference between the 
carrying amount of the original asset derecognised and fair value of the new substantially modified asset is 
recognised in profit or loss, unless the substance of the difference is attributed to a capital transaction with 
owners. 
 
 
      F-21

--- Page 240 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
15 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Financial instruments, continued 
 
(x) Financial assets – modification, continued 
 
In a situation where the renegotiation was driven by financial difficulties of the counterparty and inability to 
make the originally agreed payments, the Bank compares the original and revised expected cash flows to 
assets whether the risks and rewards of the asset are substantially different as a result of the contractual 
modification. If the risks and rewards do not change, the modified asset is not substantially different from 
the original asset and the modification does not result in derecognition. The Bank recalculates the gross 
carrying amount by discounting the modified contractual cash flows by the original effective interest rate (or 
credit-adjusted effective interest rate for purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets), and 
recognises a modification gain or loss in profit or loss.  
 
The Bank might assess the changes in the contractual terms of the financial assets as a “market-driven” 
modification if (a) there were no significant increase in credit risk of an asset, (b) the borrower/issuer had 
contractual rights and practical ability to refinance its debt without significant expenses, (c) the change of 
interest rate was based in correlation with market pricing. If these conditions are met, then the effect of the 
change of interest rate is not recognized as modification gain or loss in profit or loss and is carried 
perspectively. Please see details on critical judgements over modification in Note 3 (p).  
 
(xi) Financial liabilities – measurement categories  
 
Financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured at amortised cost, except for derivatives that are 
carried at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
(xii) Financial liabilities – derecognition 
 
Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled 
or expires. 
 
An exchange between the Bank and its original lenders of debt instruments with substantially different terms, 
as well as substantial modifications of the terms and conditions of existing financial liabilities, are accounted 
for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the recognition of a new financial liability. The 
terms are substantially different if the discounted present value of the cash flows under the new terms, 
including any fees paid net of any fees received and discounted using the original effective interest rate, is at 
least 10% different from the discounted present value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial 
liability. In addition, other qualitative factors, such as the currency that the instrument is denominated in, 
changes in the type of interest rate, new conversion features attached to the instrument and change in loan 
covenants are also considered. If an exchange of debt instruments or modification of terms is accounted for 
as an extinguishment, any costs or fees incurred are recognised as part of the gain or loss on the 
extinguishment. If the exchange or modification is not accounted for as an extinguishment, any costs or fees 
incurred adjust the carrying amount of the liability and are amortised over the remaining term of the modified 
liability.  
 
 
      F-22

--- Page 241 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
16 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Financial instruments, continued 
 
(xiii) Financial instruments – statement of financial position lines 
 
Cash and cash equivalents are non-derivative financial assets that are carried at amortised cost in the 
statement of financial position. Cash and cash equivalents include notes and coins on hand, balances (nostro 
accounts, term deposits) held with other banks, and highly liquid financial assets with original maturities of 
less than three months (such as reverse repurchase agreements), which are subject to insignificant risk of 
changes in their fair value, and are used by the Bank in the management of short-term commitments.  
 
Loans and advances to financial institutions are recorded when the Bank advances money to counterparty 
financial institutions. Amounts due from other financial institutions are carried at amortised cost when: (i) 
they are held for the purposes of collecting contractual cash flows and those cash flows represent SPPI, and 
(ii) they are not designated at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
Loans to customers are recorded when the Bank advances money to purchase or originate a loan due from a 
customer. Based on the business model and the cash flow characteristics, the Bank classifies loans to 
customers into one of the following measurement categories: (i) amortised cost: loans that are held for 
collection of contractual cash flows and those cash flows represent SPPI and loans that are not voluntarily 
designated at fair value through profit or loss, and (ii) fair value through profit or loss: loans that do not meet 
the SPPI test or other criteria for amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income are 
measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
Repossessed collateral. Repossessed collateral represents financial and non-financial assets acquired by the 
Bank in settlement of overdue loans. The assets are initially recognised at fair value when acquired and 
included in premises and equipment, other financial assets, investment properties or inventories within other 
assets depending on their nature and the Bank's intention in respect of recovery of these assets, and are 
subsequently remeasured and accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies for these categories 
of assets. 
 
Investments in debt securities. Based on the business model and the cash flow characteristics, the Bank 
classifies investments in debt securities as carried at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive 
income or fair value through profit or loss. Debt securities are carried at amortised cost if they are held for 
collection of contractual cash flows and where those cash flows represent SPPI, and if they are not voluntarily 
designated at fair value through profit or loss in order to significantly reduce an accounting mismatch.  
 
Debt securities are carried at fair value through other comprehensive income if they are held for collection 
of contractual cash flows and for selling, where those cash flows represent SPPI, and if they are not 
designated at fair value through profit or loss. Interest income from these assets is calculated using the 
effective interest method and recognised in profit or loss. An impairment allowance estimated using the 
expected credit loss model is recognised in profit or loss for the year. All other changes in the carrying value 
are recognised in other comprehensive income. When the debt security is derecognised, the cumulative gain 
or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from other comprehensive 
income to profit or loss. 
 
Investments in debt securities are carried at fair value through profit or loss if they do not meet the criteria 
for amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income. The Bank may also irrevocably 
designate investments in debt securities at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if applying 
this option significantly reduces an accounting mismatch between financial assets and liabilities being 
recognised or measured on different accounting bases.  
 
      F-23

--- Page 242 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
17 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Financial instruments, continued 
 
(xiii) Financial instruments – statement of financial position lines, continued 
 
Investments in equity securities. Financial assets that meet the definition of equity from the issuer’s 
perspective, i.e. instruments that do not contain a contractual obligation to pay cash and that evidence a 
residual interest in the issuer’s net assets, are considered as investments in equity securities by the Bank. 
Investments in equity securities are measured at fair value through profit or loss, except where the Bank 
elects at initial recognition to irrevocably designate an equity investment at fair value through other 
comprehensive income. The Bank’s policy is to designate equity investments as fair value through other 
comprehensive income when those investments are held for strategic purposes other than solely to generate 
investment returns. When the fair value through other comprehensive income election is used, fair value 
gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income and are not subsequently reclassified to profit 
or loss, including on disposal. Impairment losses and their reversals, if any, are not measured separately from 
other changes in fair value. Dividends continue to be recognised in profit or loss when the Bank’s right to 
receive payments is established except when they represent a recovery of an investment rather than a return 
on such investment. 
 
Sale and repurchase agreements and lending of securities. Sale and repurchase agreements (“repo 
agreements”), which effectively provide a lender’s return to the counterparty, are treated as secured financing 
transactions. Securities sold under such sale and repurchase agreements are not derecognised. The 
corresponding liability is presented within loans and deposits from banks. Securities purchased under 
agreements to resell (“reverse repo agreements”), which effectively provide a lender’s return to the Bank, are 
recorded as cash and cash equivalents or advances to financial institutions, as appropriate. The difference 
between the sale and repurchase price, adjusted by interest and dividend income collected by the 
counterparty, is treated as interest income and accrued over the life of repo agreements using the effective 
interest method. 
 
Loans and deposits from banks. Amounts due to other banks are recorded when money or other assets are 
advanced to the Bank by counterparty banks. The non-derivative liability is carried at amortised cost.  
 
Deposits from customers. Customer accounts are non-derivative liabilities to corporate customers and are 
carried at amortised cost.  
 
Debt securities issued. Debt securities issued consist of bonds issued by the Bank. Debt securities issued are 
stated at amortised cost. If the Bank purchases its own debt securities, they are removed from the statement 
of financial position and the difference between the carrying amount of the liability and the consideration 
paid is included in gain/loss arising from trading with debt securities issued.   
 
Derivative financial instruments include swaps, forwards, futures and spot transactions.   
 
Derivatives may be embedded in another contractual arrangement (a “host contract”). An embedded 
derivative is separated from the host contract and it is accounted for as a derivative if, and only if the 
economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative are not closely related to the economic 
characteristics and risks of the host contract, a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded 
derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and the combined instrument is not measured at fair 
value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Derivatives embedded in financial assets or 
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are not separated. 
 
 
 
      F-24

--- Page 243 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
18 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Financial instruments, continued 
 
(xiv) Financial instruments – hedge accounting 
 
The Bank is exposed to financial risks arising from many aspects of its business and implements different 
risk management strategies to eliminate or reduce their risk exposures.  
 
The objective of hedge accounting is to represent, in the financial statements, the effect of risk management 
activities that use financial instruments to manage exposures arising from particular risks that could affect 
profit or loss or other comprehensive income. Hedge accounting is a technique that modifies the normal basis 
for recognising gains and losses on associated hedging instruments and hedged items, so that both are 
recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income in the same accounting period. 
 
The risk being hedged in a fair value hedge is a change in the fair value of an asset or liability or an 
unrecognised firm commitment that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect profit or loss. Changes 
in fair value might arise through changes in interest rates (for fixed-rate loans), foreign exchange rates, equity 
prices or commodity prices.  
 
The carrying value of the hedged item is adjusted for fair value changes attributable to the risk being hedged, 
and those fair value changes are recognised in profit or loss. The hedging instrument is measured at fair 
value, with changes in fair value also recognised in profit or loss. 
 
The risk being hedged in a cash flow hedge is the exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to 
a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability, an unrecognised firm commitment (currency 
risk only) or a highly probable forecast transaction, and could affect profit or loss.  
 
Future cash flows might relate to existing assets and liabilities, such as future interest payments or receipts 
on floating rate debt. Future cash flows can also relate to forecast sales or purchases in a foreign currency. 
Volatility in future cash flows might result from changes in interest rates, exchange rates, equity prices or 
commodity prices. 
 
Provided the hedge is effective, changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are initially recognised 
in other comprehensive income. The ineffective portion of the change in the fair value of the hedging 
instrument (if any) is recognised directly in profit or loss. 
 
Under IFRS 9, hedge accounting continues to be optional, and Management of the Bank considers the costs 
and benefits when deciding whether to use it. When the hedge is decided to be used then the Bank cannot 
discontinue it. 
 
(xv) Financial instruments – Offsetting 
 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position 
when there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle 
on a net basis, or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. 
 
 
      F-25

--- Page 244 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
19 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(c) Assets held for sale 
 
Non-current assets, or disposal groups comprising assets and liabilities, that are expected to be recovered 
primarily through sale rather than through continuing use, are classified as held for sale. Immediately before 
classification as held for sale, the assets, or components of a disposal group, are remeasured in accordance 
with the Bank’s accounting policies. Thereafter generally, the assets, or disposal group, are measured at the 
lower of their carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell. 
 
(d) Property and equipment 
 
(i) Owned assets 
 
Items of property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and provision for 
impairment.  
 
Where an item of property and equipment comprises major components having different useful lives, they 
are accounted for as separate items of property and equipment.  
 
(ii) Depreciation 
 
Depreciation is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the 
individual assets. Depreciation commences on the date of acquisition or, in respect of internally constructed 
assets, from the time an asset is completed and ready for use. Land is not depreciated. The estimated annual 
depreciation rates are as follows: 
 
Furniture and equipment 
14.29-50.00% 
Vehicles 
25.00% 
Office buildings 
3.33% 
 
(e) Intangible assets 
 
Acquired intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.  
 
Acquired computer software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to 
use the specific software. 
 
Amortisation is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible 
assets. The estimated annual amortisation rates are 14.29%-50.00%. 
 
(f) Provisions and contingencies 
 
Provisions are recognised in the statement of financial position when the Bank has a legal or constructive 
obligation as a result of past event, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to 
settle the obligation. If the effect is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future 
cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and, where 
appropriate, the risks specific to the liability.   
 
Contingent liabilities are not recognised in the statement of financial position but are disclosed unless the 
possibility of any outflow in settlement is probable. 
 
 
      F-26

--- Page 245 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
20 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(g) Credit related commitments 
 
In the normal course of business, the Bank enters into credit related commitments, comprising undrawn loan 
commitments and letters of credit. These commitments represent the Bank’s credit agreements to enter into 
a specific project. Loan commitment fees are deferred and included in the carrying value of the loan on initial 
recognition. At the end of each reporting period, the commitments are measured at the remaining unamortised 
balance of the amount at initial recognition.  
 
Financial guarantees. Financial guarantees require the Bank to make specified payments to reimburse the 
holder of the guarantee for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in 
accordance with the original or modified terms of a debt instrument. Financial guarantees are initially 
recognised at their fair value, which is normally evidenced by the amount of fees received. This amount is 
amortised on a straight line basis over the life of the guarantee. At the end of each reporting period, the 
guarantees are measured at the higher of (i) the amount of the loss allowance for the guaranteed exposure 
determined based on the expected loss model and (ii) the remaining unamortised balance of the amount at 
initial recognition. In addition, an expected credit loss allowance is recognised for fees receivable that are 
recognised in the statement of financial position as an asset. 
 
(h) Share capital 
 
Share capital is recognised at cost.  
 
(i) Taxation 
 
The Bank, its income, property and other assets, and also its operations and transactions carried out in 
accordance with Agreement on Incorporation on the territory of Member states of the Bank, are exempted 
from any taxes, levies, duties and other payments, except for that which represent payment for certain types 
of services.  
 
(j) Income and expense recognition 
 
Interest income and expense are recorded for all debt instruments, on an accrual basis using the effective interest 
method. This method defers, as part of interest income or expense, all fees paid or received between the parties 
to the contract that are an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and all other premiums 
or discounts.  
 
Fees integral to the effective interest rate include origination fees received or paid by the entity relating to 
the creation or acquisition of a financial asset or issuance of a financial liability, for example fees for 
evaluating creditworthiness, evaluating and recording guarantees or collateral, negotiating the terms of the 
instrument and for processing transaction documents. Commitment fees received by the Bank to originate 
loans at market interest rates are integral to the effective interest rate if it is probable that the Bank will enter 
into a specific lending arrangement and does not expect to sell the resulting loan shortly after origination. 
The Bank does not designate loan commitments as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
For financial assets that are originated or purchased credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is the rate that 
discounts the expected cash flows to the fair value on initial recognition. As a result, the effective interest is 
credit-adjusted. 
 
 
      F-27

--- Page 246 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
21 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(j) Income and expense recognition, continued 
 
Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of financial assets, 
except for (i) financial assets that have become credit impaired (Stage 3), for which interest revenue is calculated 
by applying the effective interest rate to their amortised cost, net of the expected credit loss provision, and (ii) 
financial assets that are purchased or originated credit impaired, for which the original credit-adjusted 
effective interest rate is applied to the amortised cost. 
 
Fee and commission income is recognised over time on a straight line basis as the services are rendered, 
when the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Bank.  
 
Other fee and commission income is recognised at a point in time when the Bank satisfies its performance 
obligation, usually upon execution of the underlying transaction. The amount of fee or commission received 
or receivable represents the transaction price for the services identified as distinct performance obligations.  
 
Dividend income is recognised in profit or loss on the date that the dividend is declared. 
 
Payments made under operating leases are recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term 
of the lease. Lease incentives received are recognised as an integral part of the total lease expense, over the 
term of the lease. 
 
(k) Fiduciary assets 
 
The Bank provides asset management services that result in the holding of assets on behalf of third parties. 
These assets and the income arising from them are not included in the Bank’s financial statements as they 
are not assets of the Bank. Commissions received from such business are shown within operational income 
in profit or loss. 
 
(l) Technical Assistance Fund 
 
The Council of the Bank, in its capacity as representatives of shareholders regularly sets an amount of funds 
that the Bank might spend on a) pre-investment research; b) programs of regional integration; and c) research 
aimed at economic growth, development of market economies and the expansion of mutual trade between 
Member states, for the benefit of the Member states.  
 
As the Technical Assistance Fund (“TAF”) is not an entity/organization and is managed by the Bank 
employees its operational expenses are accrued in profit or loss of the Bank over the term of the respective 
services received. After the Council of the Bank approves funding of specific projects and programs, 
allocated sums are transferred from reserves into liabilities.  Any unused amount of TAF is accumulated in 
equity and liabilities of the Bank and could be used in future periods. 
 
(m) Digital Initiatives Fund 
 
The Digital Initiatives Fund's (“DIF”) resources are formed from the Bank's own and Donors' recourses and 
income received from the replacement of temporarily free funds of the Donors. The purpose of the DIF is to 
assist the Bank’s member states in the formation of tools and practices for digital transformation. It includes 
the integration of informational resources and, participation in project development and financing, including 
those adopted under the “Main Directions of Digital Agenda of Eurasian Economic Union”. 
 
 
      F-28

--- Page 247 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
22 
 
3.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(m) Digital Initiatives Fund, continued 
 
As the DIF is not an entity/organization and is managed by the Bank employees its expenses are accrued in 
profit or loss of the Bank over the term of the respective services received. After the Council of the Bank 
approves funding of specific projects and programs, allocated sums are transferred from reserves into 
liabilities. Any unused amount of DIF is accumulated in equity and liabilities of the Bank and could be used 
in future periods 
 
(n) Employee benefits 
 
The Bank is exempt from payments of obligatory pension contributions to funds operating in the Member 
states of the Bank. The Bank provides non-state retirement benefits in accordance with internal regulative 
documents of the Bank. The retirement savings plans are similar to a defined contribution plan and are 
recorded as operating expenses in the statement of comprehensive income and as other liabilities in the 
statement of financial position of the Bank. 
 
The accumulated funds are disbursed to the employee when he/she leaves the Bank or at the date of dismissal 
(Note 23). 
 
(o) Segment reporting 
 
A segment is a distinguishable component of the Bank that is engaged in providing services within a 
particular economic environment (geographical segment), which is subject to specific risks and rewards. 
Segments with a majority of revenue earned from sales to external customers and whose revenue, result or 
assets are ten per cent or more of all the segments are reported separately. The segment operating results are 
regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated 
to the segment and assess its performance. The Bank recognises geographical segments that are reported in 
these financial statements. 
 
(p) Application of IFRS 16 and IFRS 9 
          
Impact of initial application of IFRS 16 Leases  
 
In 2019 the Bank has applied IFRS 16 (as issued by the IASB in January 2016) that is effective for annual 
periods that begin on or after 1 January 2019. 
 
IFRS 16 introduces new or amended requirements with respect to lease accounting. It introduces significant 
changes to lessee accounting by removing the distinction between operating and finance lease and requiring 
the recognition of a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at commencement for all leases, except for short-
term leases and leases of low value assets. In contrast to lessee accounting, the requirements for lessor 
accounting have remained largely unchanged. Details of these new requirements are described in Note 3. The 
impact of the adoption of IFRS 16 on the Bank’s financial statements is described below.  
 
The date of initial application of IFRS 16 for the Bank is 1 January 2019.  
 
The Bank has applied IFRS 16 using the cumulative catch-up approach. 
 
 
 
 
 
      F-29

--- Page 248 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
23 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(p) Application of IFRS 16 and IFRS 9, continued 
 
(i) Impact of the new definition of a lease  
 
The Bank has made use of the practical expedient available on transition to IFRS 16 not to reassess whether 
a contract is or contains a lease. Accordingly, the definition of a lease in accordance with IAS 17 and IFRIC 
4 will continue to be applied to those contracts entered or modified before 1 January 2019. 
 
The change in definition of a lease mainly relates to the concept of control. IFRS 16 determines whether a 
contract contains a lease on the basis of whether the customer has the right to control the use of an identified  
asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. This is in contrast to the focus on 'risks and rewards' 
in IAS 17 and IFRIC 4. 
 
The Bank applies the definition of a lease and related guidance set out in IFRS 16 to all contracts entered 
into or changed on or after 1 January 2019. In preparation for the first-time application of IFRS 16, the Bank  
 
has carried out an implementation project. The project has shown that the new definition in IFRS 16 will not 
significantly change the scope of contracts that meet the definition of a lease for the Bank. 
 
(ii) Impact on Lessee Accounting 
 
 
Former operating leases 
 
IFRS 16 changes how the Bank accounts for leases previously classified as operating leases under IAS 17, 
which were off balance sheet. 
 
Applying IFRS 16, for all leases (except as noted below), the Bank: 
 
a. 
recognises right-of-use assets and lease liabilities in the statement of financial position, initially 
measured at the present value of the future lease payments; 
b. 
recognises depreciation of right-of-use assets and interest on lease liabilities in profit or loss; 
c. 
separates the total amount of cash paid into a principal portion (presented within financing activities) 
and interest (presented within financing activities) in the statement of cash flows. 
 
Lease incentives (e.g. rent-free period) are recognised as part of the measurement of the right-of-use assets 
and lease liabilities whereas under IAS 17 they resulted in the recognition of a lease incentive, amortised as 
a reduction of rental expenses generally on a straight-line basis. 
 
Under IFRS 16, right-of-use assets are tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36.  
 
For short-term leases (lease term of 12 months or less) and leases of low-value assets (such as tablet and 
personal computers, small items of office furniture and telephones), the Bank has opted to recognise a lease 
expense on a straight-line basis as permitted by IFRS 16. This expense is presented within ‘operating 
expenses’ in profit or loss. 
 
 
      F-30

--- Page 249 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
24 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(p) Application of IFRS 16 and IFRS 9, continued 
 
 
Former finance leases 
 
The main differences between IFRS 16 and IAS 17 with respect to contracts formerly classified as finance 
leases is the measurement of the residual value guarantees provided by the lessee to the lessor. IFRS 16 
requires that the Bank recognises as part of its lease liability only the amount expected to be payable under a 
residual value guarantee, rather than the maximum amount guaranteed as required by IAS 17. This change 
did not have a material effect on the Bank’s financial statements. The Bank recognised a right-of-use asset 
of 7,719 thousand US dollars against a corresponding lease liability on 1 January 2019:  
 
31 December 
2018 / 
1 January  
2019 
Total future minimum lease payments for non-cancellable operating leases 
8,427 
Effect of discounting to present value 
(708) 
Total lease liabilities and right-of-use asset  
7,719 
 
In 2020, the Bank has applied a number of amendments to IFRS Standards and Interpretations issued by the 
IASB that are effective for an annual period that begins on or after 1 January 2020. Their adoption has not 
had any material impact on the disclosures or on the amounts reported in these financial statements. 
 
The following amended standards became effective for the Bank from 1 January 2020, but did not have any 
material impact on the Bank:  
 
 
Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Basic interest rate reform;  
 
Amendments to FRS 3 Definition of a business;  
 
Amendments to IFRS 1 and IFRS 8 Definition of materiality; 
 
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its 
Associate or Joint Venture;  
 
Amendments to references to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS standards.  
 
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments 
 
In 2016 the Bank has started its transition process to accommodate IFRS 9 requirements. By the end of 2017, 
the Bank has adopted a number of internal regulative documents and implemented new procedures that 
resulted in adoption of IFRS 9 effective 1 January 2018.  
 
The Bank has adopted IFRS 9 issued by the IASB in July 2014 with a date of transition of 1 January 2018, 
which resulted in changes in accounting policies and adjustments to the amounts previously recognised in 
the financial statements. The Bank did not early adopt IFRS 9 in previous periods. 
 
Under transitional provisions of IFRS 9, all  adjustments to the carrying amounts of financial assets and 
liabilities at the date of transition were recognised in the opening retained earnings and other reserves as at 1 
January 2018. 
 
The adoption of IFRS 9 has resulted in changes in accounting policies for recognition, classification and 
measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities and impairment of financial assets. IFRS 9 also 
significantly amends other standards dealing with financial instruments such as IFRS 7 “Financial 
Instruments: Disclosures”. 
 
      F-31

--- Page 250 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
25 
3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(q) Critical Accounting Estimates, and Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies 
 
Valuation of expected credit losses 
 
The expected credit losses for financial assets are measured in a manner that reflects: 
 
- 
an unbiased and weighted, taking into account the probability, the amount determined by assessing the 
range of possible outcomes; 
- 
the time value of money; 
- 
justified and verifiable information about past events, current conditions and projected future economic 
conditions, available on the valuation date without undue cost or effort. 
 
In accordance with the requirements of IFRS 9, the Bank applies the model of expected credit losses for the 
purpose of reserving financial assets, the key principle of which is the timely reflection of the deterioration 
or improvement in the credit quality of financial assets, taking into account information about past events, 
current conditions, and reasonable forecasts of future events and economic conditions. 
 
Within the general approach, the provision for impairment is formed on the basis of: 
 
a) 
12 months expected credit losses - for financial assets without evidence of a significant increase in credit 
risk since the initial recognition; 
b) 
lifetime expected credit losses - for financial assets with an evidence of a significant increase in credit 
risk since the initial recognition or credit-impaired financial assets. 
 
In accordance with the general approach, depending on the degree of deterioration in credit risk from the 
time of initial recognition, financial assets fall into one of the following stages: 
 
Change in credit quality since initial recognition 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
Initial recognition 
Significant increase in credit risk since 
initial recognition 
Credit-impaired assets 
12-month expected credit losses 
Lifetime expected credit losses 
Lifetime expected credit losses 
 
(1) Stage 1 - Financial assets for which there was no significant increase in credit risk and for which 12 
months expected credit losses are calculated; 
(2) Stage 2 - Financial assets with a significant increase in credit risk since the initial recognition, but not 
being defaulted and for which lifetime expected credit losses are calculated; 
(3) Stage 3 - Financial assets with one or more events of credit-impairment since the initial recognition and 
for which lifetime expected credit losses are calculated. 
 
Financial assets are classified into different stages basing on the results of individual credit risk assessment 
on a quarterly basis. Credit risk assessment is done via monitoring factors and/or events that may indicate 
significant increase in credit risk since the initial recognition.    
 
A financial asset is considered impaired at the time of acquisition or provision when one or more events 
occur that adversely affect the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset. The confirmation of the 
Stage 3 of credit impairment of loans to customers and other financial assets in Investment portfolio of the 
Bank is, in particular, based on observed data on one or more of the following events: 
 
 
 
      F-32

--- Page 251 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
26 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(q) Critical Accounting Estimates, and Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies, continued  
 
 
payments overdue more than 90 days; 
 
the Bank had to make concessions to the borrower/issuer;  
 
actual or expected downgrade of external credit rating of the borrower/issuer to credit rating equal to 
Moody’s «Саа3» since the initial recognition; 
 
actual or expected downgrade of internal credit rating of the borrower/issuer to default credit rating since 
the initial recognition; 
 
other facts of credit impairment that indicate high probability of assessing internal credit rating of the 
borrower/issuer as “default”.   
 
The confirmation of the Stage 3 of credit impairment of loans to financial institutions and other financial 
assets in Treasury portfolio of the Bank is, in particular, based on observed data on one or more of the 
following events: 
 
 
credit rating of the borrower/issuer equal to Moody’s D and/or RD/SD;  
 
negative information about the borrower/issuer, including: liquidation, arrest of accounts, 
cancellation/suspension of license, restructure due to inability to serve its obligations, bankruptcy 
procedures, external management; 
 
payments overdue more than 31 days; 
 
default/cross-default; 
 
other facts of credit impairment including further deterioration of business indicators of the 
borrower/issuer. 
 
The Bank qualifies financial assets within Stage 3 of credit impairment until the end of the stabilization 
period.  The Stabilization period is defined as four consecutive principal repayments made in accordance 
with the repayment schedule. These repayments must be done after the event of credit impairment and in no 
less than a six-month period. If the aforementioned conditions are met, the financial asset is reclassified into 
Stage 2 of credit impairment. A financial asset may be reclassified into Stage 1 of credit impairment only if 
the internal credit rating at the initial recognition is regained.  
 
Significant increase in credit risk 
 
The Bank classifies loans to customers and other financial assets in the Investment portfolio of the Bank into 
Stage 2 of credit impairment if data on one/ or more of the following events is observed: 
 
 
payments overdue more than 31 days, but less than 90 days; 
 
actual or expected downgrade of external credit rating of the borrower/issuer by three grades since the 
initial recognition; 
 
actual or expected downgrade of internal credit rating of the borrower/issuer by two grades or to pre-
default credit rating since the initial recognition; 
 
actual or expected significant breach of financial covenants; 
 
actual or expected identification of other facts of credit impairment that indicate significant increase of 
credit risk since the initial recognition.   
 
The Bank classifies loans to financial institutions and other financial assets in Treasury portfolio of the Bank 
into Stage 2 of credit impairment if data on one or more of the following events is observed: 
 
 
downgrade of external credit rating of the borrower/issuer by three grades or to credit rating equal to 
Moody’s «Саа1» since the initial recognition; 
 
payments overdue less than 30 days; 
      F-33

--- Page 252 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
27 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(q) Critical Accounting Estimates, and Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies, continued 
 
 
deterioration of financial condition of the borrower/issuer; 
 
downgrade of internal credit rating of the borrower/issuer by two grades; 
 
negative data from external sources; 
 
decrease of fair value of the financial asset by more than 20%; 
 
regular breaches of prudential norms;  
 
deterioration of operational environment; 
 
other facts that indicate significant increase of credit risk.   
 
The Bank applies the "low credit risk" exception for loans to financial institutions and other financial assets 
in Treasury portfolio of the Bank with credit rating equal or above BBB-/Baa3/BBB- that allows using the 
assumption that no significant increase in credit risk has occurred, provided that the financial instrument still 
demonstrates a low credit risk. 
 
A sensitivity analyses on ECL effect on loans to customers is disclosed in Note 15. 
 
Definition of default 
 
Defaulted financial assets are those that have the highest credit risk. Default is actual or expected 
unfulfillment of terms of financial agreement, with zero probability of full repayment within initially agreed 
terms. A full/partial impairment loss is expected; modification of an asset is forcibly required to reduce the 
losses.  
 
Due to the specific character of each of the Bank’s financial assets in the Investment portfolio, the decision 
on recognition of default is done after an individual review by the Credit Committee and Management Board 
of the Bank. Usually this decision is based on the occurrence or 100% expectation of some of the events 
described above under “Significant increase in credit risk”. 
 
Calculation of expected credit losses for loans to customers, loans to financial institutions, financial assets 
in Investment and Treasury portfolios  
 
For loans to customers, loans to financial institutions, financial assets in Investment and Treasury portfolios 
the Bank uses an external credit rating of the borrower/issuer as the primary source of assessment. To estimate 
expected credit loss the Bank multiplies its exposure by probability of default and loss given default (an 
opposite of recovery rate). Values of probability of default and recovery rate are according to data of Moody’s 
Investors Service. 
 
Calculation of expected credit losses for loans to customers, debt instruments in Investment portfolio with 
credit rating below ВВ-/Ва3 or not rated and other financial assets, continued 
 
For loans to customers without an external credit rating, probability of default and loss given default are 
estimated according to historical data of the Bank and using borrower’s internal ratings classification 
transition matrices. To compose transition matrices, quarterly data since 2012 is used. Matrices are based on 
results of monitoring internal ratings of each loan within each segment at the beginning and end of each 
quarter. Based on annual matrices an average and average-weighted matrices of loan movement between 
quality stages are concluded which defines the default probability within the next 12 months. Probability of 
default and loss-given-default are estimated using the Markov chain process to the average-weighted matrix 
of loan movement between quality stages. Exposure at default can be reduced by the sum of collateral if the 
value of collateral is not expected to change in case of default of the borrower/issuer and can be sold 
independently.  
 
      F-34

--- Page 253 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
28 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(q) Critical Accounting Estimates, and Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies, continued 
 
For loans to financial institutions without an external credit rating, a credit rating of parent institution, of 
similar institution or guarantors credit rating might be used.  
 
Modification of financial assets 
 
The Bank sometimes revises or otherwise modifies contractual cash flows on financial assets. When this 
occurs, the Bank’ assesses whether the new conditions differ significantly from the original conditions. The 
Bank does this, considering, among other things, the following factors: 
 
 
if the borrower/issuer has financial difficulties, whether the modification reduces the contractual cash 
flows to the amounts that the borrower/issuer is expected to pay; 
 
are there any significant new conditions, such as a return in the form of a share of profits/in the form of 
shares, which significantly affect the degree of risk on the financial asset; 
 
substantial extension of the term of financial asset, when the borrower/issuer has no financial 
difficulties; 
 
significant change in the interest rate; 
 
change in the currency in which the financial asset is expressed; 
 
adding guarantees, other collateral or means to reduce credit risk, which significantly affects the credit 
risk associated with the financial asset. 
 
If the conditions are materially different (change of the currency of the financial asset, or change of net 
present value of the financial asset by more than 10%), the Bank derecognizes the initial financial asset and 
recognizes the "new" financial asset at fair value, and recalculates the new effective interest rate for the 
financial asset. Accordingly, the date of the review is the date of initial recognition for the purpose of 
calculating the impairment, including for the purpose of determining whether there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk. However, the Bank also assesses whether a newly recognized financial asset is 
considered to be credit-impaired at initial recognition, especially in circumstances in which the review is 
determined by the debtor's/issuer’s inability to make the originally specified payments. Differences in the 
carrying amount are also recognized in profit or loss as a gain or loss from derecognition. 
 
If the terms do not differ materially, the revision or modification does not lead to the termination of 
recognition and the Bank recalculates the gross book value based on the revised cash flows on the financial 
asset and recognizes the profit or loss from the modification in profit or loss. The new gross book value is 
recalculated by discounting the modified cash flows at the original effective interest rate. 
 
Derecognition of financial assets, except for cases of modification 
 
Financial assets, or part thereof, are written off when the contractual rights to receive cash flows from the 
financial assets have expired or when they were transferred and (or) the Bank transferred a significant portion 
of all the risks and rewards of ownership or the Bank neither transferred nor retained a substantial portion of 
all risks and rewards of ownership, and the Bank did not retain control. 
 
The Bank enters into transactions in which it retains its contractual rights to receive cash flows from assets, 
but allows a contractual obligation to pay these cash flows to other companies and transfers substantially all 
risks and rewards. These transactions are accounted for as "transit" transfers that result in cancellation if the 
Bank: 
 
 
has no obligation to pay, except when it receives equivalent amounts from financial assets; 
 
the Bank is prohibited from selling or pledging financial assets; and 
      F-35

--- Page 254 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
29 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(q) Critical Accounting Estimates, and Judgements in Applying Accounting Policies, continued 
 
 
has an obligation to transfer any cash that it receives from financial assets without significant delay. 
 
The management has not applied any new estimates and judgments, except for applying the model of 
expected credit losses on financial instruments in accordance with IFRS 9. In the process of estimation 
expected credit losses the Bank applies its own judgements on a wide variety of macroeconomic factors, 
including exchange rates, inflation indexes, refinancing rates, consumption indexes, manufacturer’ prices 
indexes, prices on different raw materials and other indexes.  
 
(r) New and revised IFRS in issue, but not yet effective 
 
At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the Bank has not applied the following new and 
revised IFRS Standards that have been issued but are not yet effective.  
 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 
 
IFRS 17 establishes the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance 
contracts and supersedes IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts.  
 
IFRS 17 outlines a general model, which is modified for insurance contracts with direct participation features, 
described as the variable fee approach. The general model is simplified if certain criteria are met by 
measuring the liability for remaining coverage using the premium allocation approach. 
 
The general model uses current assumptions to estimate the amount, timing and uncertainty of future cash 
flows and it explicitly measures the cost of that uncertainty. It takes into account market interest rates and 
the impact of policyholders’ options and guarantees. 
 
The Standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with early 
application permitted. It is applied retrospectively unless impracticable, in which case the modified 
retrospective approach or the fair value approach is applied. An exposure draft Amendments to IFRS 17 
addresses concerns and implementation challenges that were identified after IFRS 17 was published. One of 
the main changes proposed is the deferral of the date of initial application of IFRS 17 by one year to annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 (previously – on or after 1 January 2021). 
 
For the purpose of the transition requirements, the date of initial application is the start if the annual reporting 
period in which the entity first applies the Standard, and the transition date is the beginning of the period 
immediately preceding the date of initial application.   
 
The management of the Bank does not expect that the application of this standard will have an impact on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Bank in the future, since the Bank does not have instruments within 
the scope of this Standard. 
 
Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Short-Term or Long-Term (as part of the project to 
formulate Annual Improvements to IFRS 2010-2012 cycles).  
 
The amendments are intended to facilitate the understanding that a liability is classified as long-term if the 
organization expects and has the authority to refinance the liability or postpone its maturity by at least 12 
months after the reporting period under the existing credit line with the previous lender, on equal or similar 
terms.  
 
 
 
      F-36

--- Page 255 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
30 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(r) New and revised IFRS in issue, but not yet effective, continued 
 
The amendments only amend the presentation of liabilities in the statement of financial position, i.e. not 
regarding the amount, the moment of recognition or disclosure of information.  
 
The amendments clarify that the classification should be based on the existence at the end of the reporting 
period of the right to defer repayment of a liability for at least 12 months. Thus, the amendments explicitly 
indicate that only those rights that exist “at the end of the reporting period” should affect the classification of 
the liability. Moreover, the classification does not depend on expectations as to whether the organization will 
use the right to defer repayment of the liability, which means transferring funds, equity instruments, or other 
assets or services to a counterparty.  
 
The amendments apply retrospectively to the periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023. Early application 
is acceptable. 
 
The management of the Bank does not expect that the application of these amendments could have an impact 
on the Bank's financial statements in future periods. 
 
Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — 
Phase 2 
 
The changes in Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2 (Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 
4 and IFRS 16) relate to the impact of the interest rate benchmark reform on the modification of financial 
assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities, hedge accounting requirements, and disclosure requirements 
applying IFRS 7 to accompany the amendments regarding modifications and hedge accounting. 
 
The IASB introduces a practical expedient for changes in contractual cash flows as a direct consequence of 
the interest rate benchmark reform provided that the new cash flow basis is economically equivalent to the 
original basis According to the practical exception these modifications are accounted prospectively for by 
updating the effective interest rate. All other modifications are accounted for using the current IFRS 
requirements. A similar practical expedient is proposed for lessee accounting applying IFRS 16. The 
amendments require that an entity discloses additional information in order to allow users to understand the 
nature and extent of risks arising from the IBOR and how the entity manages those risks as well as the entity’s 
progress in transitioning from IBORs to alternative benchmark rates, and how the entity is managing this 
transition. 
 
The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021 and are to be applied 
retrospectively. Early application is permitted.  
 
The management of the Bank does not expect that the application of these amendments could have an impact 
on the Bank's financial statements in future periods. 
 
 
 
      F-37

--- Page 256 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
31 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED 
 
(r) New and revised IFRS in issue, but not yet effective, continued 
 
Amendment to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate 
or Joint Venture 
 
The amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 deal with situations where there is a sale or contribution of assets 
between an investor and its associate or joint venture. Specifically, the amendments state that gains or losses 
resulting from the loss of control of a subsidiary that does not contain a business in a transaction with an 
associate or a joint venture that is accounted for using the equity method, are recognized in the parent’s profit 
or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors’ interests in that associate or joint venture. Similarly, 
gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of investments retained in any former subsidiary (that has 
become an associate or a joint venture that is accounted for using the equity method) to fair value are 
recognized in the former parent’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors’ interests in the 
new associate or joint venture.  
 
The effective date has yet to be set; however, earlier application of the amendments is permitted.  
 
The management of the Bank does not expect that the application of these amendments could have an impact 
on the Bank's financial statements in future periods should such transactions occur.  
 
Annual Improvements to IFRS 2018-2020 Cycles 
 
The list of amendments includes amendments to the three standards, as well as annual improvements to the 
Board, which are changes that clarify the wording or eliminate minor inconsistencies, omissions or 
contradictions between the requirements in the standards. 
 
 
The amendments to IFRS 3 Business Combinations update the reference in IFRS 3 to the 
Conceptual Framework for Financial Statements without changing the accounting requirements for a 
business combination. 
 
Amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment prohibit deducting from the value of 
property, plant and equipment the amounts received from the sale of manufactured goods while 
preparing the asset for its intended use. Instead, these sales revenue and related costs are recognized in 
profit or loss. 
 
Amendments to IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets determine the costs 
to be included in assessing whether the contract is unprofitable. 
 
Annual improvements introduce minor amendments to IFRS 1 “First-time Adoption of International 
Financial Reporting Standards”, IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”, IAS 41 “Agriculture” and 
illustrative examples accompanying IFRS 16 “Leases”. 
 
All amendments are effective on 1 January 2022, early application is permitted. 
 
The management of the Bank does not expect that the application of these amendments will have an impact 
on the Bank's financial statements in future periods should such transactions occur. 
 
 
 
 
      F-38

--- Page 257 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
32 
4. 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Interest income comprises: 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost 
comprises: 
 
 
 
 
 
loans to customers 
141,465 
147,753 
139,824 
loans and advances to financial institutions 
13,935 
18,106 
18,824 
cash and cash equivalents 
10,785 
17,095 
10,717 
debt securities at amortised cost 
1,850 
- 
- 
Total interest income on financial assets recorded at 
amortised cost 
168,035 
182,954 
169,365 
Interest income on financial assets measured at fair value 
comprises: 
 
 
 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income  
93,459 
77,964 
41,673 
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
7,075 
4,110 
- 
Total interest income on financial assets recorded at fair 
value 
100,534 
82,074 
41,673 
Total interest income  
268,569 
265,028 
211,038 
Interest expense comprises: 
 
 
 
Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortised 
cost comprises: 
 
 
 
debt securities issued 
(133,018) 
(132,433) 
(92,070) 
loans and deposits from banks 
(29,540) 
(14,214) 
(21,483) 
deposits from customers 
(15,377) 
(14,932) 
(1,326) 
Total interest expense on financial liabilities recorded at 
amortised cost 
(177,935) 
(161,579) 
(114,879) 
Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at fair value 
comprises: 
 
 
 
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(20,260) 
(7,118) 
- 
Total interest expense on financial liabilities recorded at 
fair value 
(20,260) 
(7,118) 
- 
Total interest expense  
(198,195) 
(168,697) 
(114,879) 
Net interest income before provision for expected credit 
losses on interest bearing assets 
70,374 
96,331 
96,159 
 
 
5. 
PROVISION FOR EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES ON INTEREST BEARING ASSETS 
 
The movements in expected credit losses on cash and cash equivalents were as follows: 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Beginning of the year 
(67) 
(68) 
- 
Expected credit loss adjustment per IFRS 9 as at 1 January 
2018 
- 
- 
(32) 
Net recovery/(charge) 
31 
1 
(36) 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
(9) 
- 
- 
End of the year 
(45) 
(67) 
(68) 
 
 
 
      F-39

--- Page 258 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
33 
5. 
PROVISION FOR EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES ON INTEREST BEARING ASSETS, 
CONTINUED 
 
The movements in allowance for expected credit losses on loans and advances to financial institutions were 
as follows: 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Beginning of the year 
(2,126) 
(2,670) 
(111) 
Expected credit loss adjustment per IFRS 9 as at 1 January 
2018 
- 
- 
(1,631) 
Net (charge)/ recovery 
(240) 
597 
(1,080) 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
(25) 
(53) 
152 
End of the year 
(2,391) 
(2,126) 
(2,670) 
 
The movements in allowance for expected credit losses on loans to customers were as follows: 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Beginning of the year 
(62,758) 
(66,202) 
(55,180) 
Expected credit loss adjustment per IFRS 9 as at 1 January 
2018 
- 
- 
(11,154) 
Net charge 
(11,065) 
(5,102) 
(6,068) 
Write-offs 
973 
9,178 
3,636 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
(41) 
(632) 
2,564 
End of the year 
(72,891) 
(62,758) 
(66,202) 
 
Table with details on stages is presented in Note 15. 
 
The movements in allowance for expected credit losses on debt financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income were as follows: 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Beginning of the year 
(3,946) 
(2,163) 
(162) 
Expected credit loss adjustment per IFRS 9 as at 1 January 
2018 
- 
- 
(2,484) 
Net (charge)/recovery 
(4,292) 
(1,690) 
360 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
420 
(93) 
123 
End of the year 
(7,818) 
(3,946) 
(2,163) 
 
The movements in allowance for expected credit losses on debt securities at amortised cost were as follows: 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
Beginning of the year 
- 
Net charge 
(343) 
End of the year 
(343) 
 
 
 
      F-40

--- Page 259 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
34 
6. 
NET GAIN/(LOSS) ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE 
THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Net gain/(loss) on derivative financial instruments in foreign 
currency 
6,453 
(35,617) 
31,402 
Net loss on equity instruments 
(4,505) 
(197) 
(3,303) 
Total net gain/ (loss) on financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
1,948 
(35,814) 
28,099 
 
The Bank enters into most deals with derivative financial instruments with an aim to minimise possible 
gain/loss from foreign exchange revaluation of its on-balance sheet financial instruments. Consequently, the 
result of operations with derivative financial instruments should be considered in conjunction with the 
gain/loss on foreign currency revaluation (Note 8).  
 
The Bank incurred net loss on equity instruments mainly due to the depreciation of foreign currency in which 
the instruments are nominated against US dollar. 
 
 
7. 
NET REALISED GAIN/(LOSS) ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Net gain/(loss) on transactions with debt securities 
4,619 
546 
(1,916) 
Total net realised gain/(loss) on financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income  
4,619 
546 
(1,916) 
 
 
8. 
NET GAIN/(LOSS) ON TRANSACTIONS IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Translation differences, net 
8,314 
52,929 
(20,652) 
Dealing, net 
(13) 
145 
30 
Total net gain/(loss) on transactions in foreign currencies 
8,301 
53,074 
(20,622) 
 
 
9. 
FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development  
management fee 
8,057 
 
7,312 
 
3,993 
Credit related fees 
3,184 
 
1,101 
 
229 
Other fees and commissions 
118 
 
312 
 
128 
Total fee and commission income 
11,359 
 
8,725 
 
4,350 
 
 
 
      F-41

--- Page 260 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
35 
9. 
FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME, CONTINUED 
 
The Bank provides trust services to Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development (the “Fund”), whereby 
it manages operational activities of the Fund. The Bank has neither control nor significant influence over 
decision-making process of the Fund. 
 
 
As part of the Fund’s resources management, based on the Fund Council’s decisions and consistent with the 
Fund’s documents, the Bank: 
 
 
performs operations with the accounts of the Fund; 
 
presents bills issued by the member states for payment; 
 
concludes Agreements on the provision of Fund resources and disburses Fund’s resources in accordance 
with the terms of such agreements; 
 
invests temporarily idle resources of the Fund; 
 
prepares annual Programme of activities, administrative budget, annual and financial reports; 
 
considers applications for the provision of financing from the Fund’s resources, prepares appropriate 
appraisals drafts Agreements on the provision of Fund’s resources; 
 
keeps records of the debts of the recipients of the Fund’s resources; monitors and assesses the fulfillment 
of obligations under Agreements on the provision of Fund’s resources; 
 
cooperates with member states, the Expert Council, and the recipients of the Fund resources; and 
 
performs other necessary actions. 
 
While performing its functions as the Fund Resources’ Manager, the Bank is guided solely by the interests 
of the member states of the Fund and the goals of its foundation. In order to manage the Fund’s resources 
and to fulfil the Fund Secretariat functions, the  Fund Project Unit (“Unit”) was established within the Bank. 
In close cooperation with other departments of the Bank, member states and other international development 
institutes, the Unit is responsible for the preparation and implementation of all Fund projects. 
 
 
 
10. OPERATING EXPENSES 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Staff costs and other payments to employees 
35,495 
 
31,396 
 
22,051 
Premises expenses 
2,403 
 
2,508 
 
2,361 
Depreciation and amortization 
1,481 
 
1,278 
 
1,193 
Professional services 
1,057 
 
929 
 
1,334 
Communication expenses 
746 
 
755 
 
743 
Maintenance of acquired systems and programs 
684 
 
692 
 
751 
Business trip expenses 
595 
 
2,163 
 
1,131 
Business development expenses 
499 
 
1,210 
 
898 
Security 
482 
 
511 
 
552 
Transportation expenses 
198 
 
253 
 
211 
Office, postal and printing expenses 
137 
 
176 
 
177 
Training 
69 
 
211 
 
112 
Other 
489 
 
941 
 
512 
Total operating expenses 
44,335 
 
43,023 
 
32,026 
 
Staff costs and other payments to employees include a retirement savings plan expense 
(see Note 23). For the year ended 31 December 2020, retirement savings plan expenses were equal to  
4,333 thousand US dollars (year ended 31 December 2019: 3,565 thousand US dollars; year ended  
31 December 2018: 2,519 thousand US dollars).  
 
 
 
      F-42

--- Page 261 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
36 
11. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
Cash and cash equivalents for the purposes of the statement of cash flows comprise the following: 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Cash and balances with national (central) banks of Member 
states of the Bank 
1,146 
499 
540 
Correspondent accounts with other banks 
 
 
 
with credit ratings A- and above 
85,124 
17,879 
24,290 
with credit ratings from BBB+ to BBB- 
49,172 
7,250 
4,268 
with credit ratings from BB+ to BB- 
135 
- 
123 
with credit ratings below BB- and not rated 
782 
4,424 
8,098 
Term deposits in other banks 
 
 
 
with credit ratings A- and above 
269,777 
342,602 
110,454 
with credit ratings from BBB+ to BBB- 
101,149 
67,409 
42,910 
with credit ratings from BB+ to BB- 
5,000 
53,676 
13,003 
with credit ratings below BB- and not rated 
1,561 
15,075 
566 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
 
 
 
with pledge credit ratings A- and above 
25,710 
- 
- 
with pledge credit ratings from BBB+ to BBB- 
119,035 
256,397 
114,921 
with pledge credit ratings from BB+ to BB- 
5,294 
- 
322,065 
 
663,885 
765,211 
641,238 
Less expected credit loss provisions  (Note 5) 
(45) 
(67) 
(68) 
Total cash and cash equivalents 
663,840 
765,144 
641,170 
 
Cash and cash equivalents together with financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
are major parts of the Treasury portfolio of the Bank.  
 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, all cash and cash equivalents were classified within stage 1 of 
credit quality assessment. There were no movements between different stages of credit quality assessment 
during the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018.  
 
As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, no banks have balances that exceed 10% of equity of the Bank. As at 31 
December 2018, an outstanding balance of loans under reverse repurchase agreements with “Moscow credit 
bank” was equal to 316,132 thousand US dollars, which exceeds 10% of equity of the Bank.  
 
There were no material non-cash transactions to disclose within the statement of cash flows. 
 
The fair value of assets pledged and carrying amount of loans under reverse repurchase agreements as at  
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 are as follows: 
 
31 December 2020 
 
31 December 2019 
 
31 December 2018 
Carrying 
amount of 
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
 
Carrying 
amount of  
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
 
Carrying 
amount of 
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
With pledge credit ratings A- and 
above 
25,710  
25,721  
-  
-  
-  
- 
With pledge credit ratings from 
BBB+ to BBB- 
119,020  
135,319  
256,383  
285,450  
114,864  
124,541 
With pledge credit ratings from 
BB+ to BB- 
5,294  
5,991  
-  
-  
322,065  
352,258 
150,024  
167,031  
256,383  
285,450  
436,929  
476,799 
 
 
 
 
      F-43

--- Page 262 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
37 
11. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, CONTINUED 
 
As at 31 December 2018, all loans under reverse repurchase agreements with pledge credit ratings from BB+ 
to BB- were collateralized by Eurobonds of the Russian Federation. In case of absence of collateral, the effect 
on ECL would be insignificant. 
 
 
12. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Equity instrument in Treasury portfolio 
22,634 
- 
- 
Equity instrument in Investment portfolio  
4,818 
6,567 
16,878 
Derivative financial instruments – assets 
24,109 
3,450 
291 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
51,561 
10,017 
17,169 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments – liabilities 
(5,001) 
(26,955) 
(3,329) 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(5,001) 
(26,955) 
(3,329) 
 
The Bank’s equity instrument in Investment portfolio is an investment in private equity fund “Macquarie 
Russia and CIS Infrastructure Fund” (hereinafter “the Fund”). The Bank’s ownership interest is 15.87%. On 
initial adoption of IFRS 9 the Bank has decided to carry this investment at fair value through profit or loss. 
The table below shows the reconciliation of changes in this investment during 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Equity instrument in Investment portfolio, carried at fair value 
through profit or loss, as at beginning of the year 
6,567 
16,878 
19,814 
(Redemption)/purchase of new instrument, net 
(190) 
(10,076) 
539 
Income received 
- 
(38) 
(172) 
Losses less gains from equity securities at fair value through 
profit or loss 
(1,559) 
(197) 
(3,303) 
Equity instrument in Investment portfolio, carried at fair value 
through profit or loss, as at end of the year 
4,818 
6,567 
16,878 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the fair value of the Bank’s investments in the Fund was estimated 
using a valuation technique based on discounted cash flows, where the discount rate for future cash flows 
comprised of the risk-free interest rate applicable in the country where the asset is located and risk premium 
reflecting the uncertainty associated with the cash flows. 
 
 
31 December 2020 
 
31 December 2019 
 
31 December 2018 
Notional 
amount 
Net fair value 
 Notional 
amount 
Net fair value 
 Notional 
amount 
Net fair value 
Asset 
 Liability  
Asset 
 Liability  
Asset 
 Liability 
Derivative financial 
instruments: 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
Foreign currency 
contracts 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
Swaps 
653,456 
380  
(4,495)  
364,482 
3,450  
(26,953)  
403,375 
291  
(3,319) 
Forwards 
2,107 
13  
-  
1,279 
-  
(2)  
4,994 
-  
(10) 
Interest rate swaps 
220,000 23,716  
(506)  
- 
-  
-  
- 
-  
- 
 24,109  
(5,001)  
 
3,450  
(26,955)  
 
291  
(3,329) 
 
 
 
      F-44

--- Page 263 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
38 
12. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS, 
CONTINUED 
 
The table above shows the fair values of derivative financial instruments, recorded as assets or liabilities, 
together with their notional amounts. The notional amount, recorded gross, is the amount (as a US dollar 
equivalent) of a derivative’s underlying asset, reference rate or index and is the basis upon which changes in 
the value of derivatives are measured. The notional amounts indicate the volume of transactions outstanding 
at the year end and are indicative of neither the market risk nor the credit risk.  
 
Derivatives often involve at their inception only a mutual exchange of promises with little or no transfer of 
consideration. However, these instruments frequently involve a high degree of leverage and are very volatile. 
A relatively small movement in the value of the asset, rate or index underlying a derivative contract may 
have a significant impact on the profit or loss of the Bank. 
 
 
13. HEDGING DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
The Bank may enter into swap agreements for hedging purposes. 
 
Swap agreements and similar transactions can be individually negotiated and structured to include exposure 
to a variety of different types of investments or market factors. Depending on their structures, swap 
agreements may increase or decrease the Bank’s exposure to long- or short-term interest rates, foreign 
currency values, corporate borrowing rates, or other factors such as security prices or inflation rates. The 
value of the Bank’s swap positions would increase or decrease depending on the changes in value of the 
underlying rates or currency values. Depending on how they are used, swap agreements may increase or 
decrease the overall volatility of Bank’s investments.  
 
The Bank’s ability to realise profit from such transactions will depend on the ability of the financial institution 
with which it enters into the transaction to meet their obligations to the Bank. If a counterparty’s 
creditworthiness declines, the value of the agreement would be likely to decline, potentially resulting in 
losses. If a default occurs by the other party to such transaction, the Bank will have contractual remedies 
pursuant to the agreements related to the transaction, which may be limited by applicable law in the case of 
a counterparty’s insolvency.  
 
On 19 December 2019, the Bank has entered into six EUR/USD swap deals with a nominal amount of 
183,396 thousand EUR maturing on 22 June 2020. The purpose of these deals was to hedge a fair value risk 
arising from significant difference between investment and funding currencies.  
 
These swap agreements were designated as fair value hedge principally to minimize the exchange rate risk 
associated with the future cash inflows from loan to customer with the principal amount of EUR 183,396 
thousand, with the next payment date on 22 June 2020. The length of the swap agreements was chosen to 
match the date of the expected payments from the borrower.  
 
The designated hedged risk is the forward exchange rate risk and, therefore, the changes in fair value of the 
swap are recorded initially in the hedging reserve to the extent the hedge is effective.    
 
In June 2020, the Bank decided not to enter into new swap agreements. 
 
 
      F-45

--- Page 264 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
39 
14. LOANS AND ADVANCES TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Loans to financial institutions 
187,866 
233,739 
225,180 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements: 
 
 
 
with pledge credit ratings A- and above 
- 
34,685 
23,000 
187,866 
268,424 
248,180 
Less expected credit loss provisions  (Note 5) 
(2,391) 
(2,126) 
(2,670) 
Total loans and advances to financial institutions 
185,475 
266,298 
245,510 
 
The table below summarizes the movement of loans to financial institutions between the stages of credit 
quality assessment during the year ended 31 December 2020: 
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
Outstanding amount 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2020 
233,443 
296 
- 
233,739 
Net issue/(redemption) 
7,048 
(45,204) 
- 
(38,156) 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
(118,523) 
118,523 
- 
- 
Net change in discounts 
(13) 
52 
- 
39 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
4,396 
(12,152) 
- 
(7,756) 
As at 31 December 2020 
126,351 
61,515 
- 
187,866 
 
 
 
 
 
Allowance for expected credit losses  
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2020 
(2,126) 
- 
- 
(2,126) 
Net  recovery /(charge) 
270 
(510) 
- 
(240) 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
1,181 
(1,181) 
- 
- 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
(13) 
(12) 
- 
(25) 
As at 31 December 2020 
(688) 
(1,703) 
- 
(2,391) 
Total loans to financial institutions 
125,663 
59,812 
- 
185,475 
      F-46

--- Page 265 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
40 
14.  LOANS AND ADVANCES TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, CONTINUED 
 
The table below summarizes the movement of loans to financial institutions between the stages of credit 
quality assessment during the year ended 31 December 2019: 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018, all loans to financial institutions were classified within stage 1 of credit quality 
assessment. There were no movements between different stages of credit quality assessment during the year 
ended 31 December 2018.  
 
The fair value of assets pledged and carrying amount of loans under reverse repurchase agreements as at 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
31 December 2020 
 
31 December 2019 
 
31 December 2018 
Carrying 
amount of 
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
 
Carrying 
amount of 
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
 
Carrying 
amount of  
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
Loans under reverse repurchase 
agreements: 
  
  
  
  
  
 
with pledge credit ratings A- and 
above 
-  
- 
 
34,685  
34,682 
 
23,000  
24,610 
-  
-  
34,685  
34,682  
23,000  
24,610 
 
As at 31 December 2020, loans and advances to financial institutions include accrued interest income 
amounting to 1,768 thousand US dollars (31 December 2019: 3,328 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018: 
3,295 thousand US dollars). 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, no loans and advances to financial institutions were past due.  
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
Outstanding amount 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2019 
225,180 
- 
- 
225,180 
Net issue/(redemption) 
1,494 
(295) 
- 
1,199 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
(593) 
593 
- 
- 
Net change in discounts 
330 
1 
- 
331 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
7,032 
(3) 
- 
7,029 
As at 31 December 2019 
233,443 
296 
- 
233,739 
 
 
 
 
 
Allowance for expected credit losses  
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2019 
(2,670) 
- 
- 
(2,670) 
Net recovery 
597 
- 
- 
597 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
(53) 
- 
- 
(53) 
As at 31 December 2019 
(2,126) 
- 
- 
(2,126) 
Total loans to financial institutions 
231,317 
296 
- 
231,613 
      F-47

--- Page 266 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
41 
15. 
LOANS TO CUSTOMERS 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Stage 1 loans 
1,961,400 
1,668,863 
1,282,963 
Stage 2 loans 
91,292 
115,885 
81,631 
Stage 3 loans: 
 
 
 
not overdue or overdue less than 90 days 
94,033 
208,921 
328,729 
overdue more than 90 days 
24,864 
29,093 
23,169 
2,171,589 
2,022,762 
1,716,492 
 
 
 
Less expected credit loss provisions (Note 5) 
(72,891) 
(62,758) 
(66,202) 
 
 
 
Total loans to customers 
2,098,698 
1,960,004 
1,650,290 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 there were no Stage 3 loans overdue less than 90 days and no Stage 
2 loans overdue.  
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Bank has two customers (31 December 2019: three customers;  
31 December 2018: five customers) with loans overdue more than 90 days with outstanding balance of 24,864 
thousand US dollars (31 December 2019: 29,093 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018:  
23,169 thousand US dollars).  As at 31 December 2020, these loans were fully provisioned (31 December 
2019: with a related allowance for expected credit losses of 28,399 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018: 
fully provisioned). 
 
These projects have impaired due to various reasons, primarily due to the deterioration of market conditions.  
 
During the year ended 31 December 2020, a loan to one customer in the amount of 973 thousand US dollars 
was written-off. This loan was overdue more than 90 days as at 31 December 2019. During the year ended 
31 December 2019, loans to four customers in the amount of 9,178 thousand US dollars were written-off. 
These loans were overdue more than 90 days as at 31 December 2018. During the year ended 31 December 
2018, a loan to one customer, which was not overdue as at 31 December 2017, in the amount of  
3,636 thousand US dollars was written-off. 
 
 
 
      F-48

--- Page 267 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
42 
15. LOANS TO CUSTOMERS, CONTINUED 
 
The table below summarizes the movement of loans to customers between the stages of credit quality 
assessment during the year ended 31 December 2020: 
 
 
The table below summarizes the movement of loans to customers between the stages of credit quality 
assessment during the year ended 31 December 2019: 
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
Outstanding amount 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2020 
1,668,863 
115,885 
238,014 
2,022,762 
Net issue/(redemption) 
421,314 
(19,204) 
(199,922) 
202,188 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
(103,810) 
103,810 
- 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
27,740 
(27,740) 
- 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
- 
(76,577) 
76,577 
- 
Net change in (premiums)/discounts 
(2,535) 
(57) 
3,269 
677 
Write-offs 
- 
- 
(973) 
(973) 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
(50,172) 
(4,825) 
1,932 
(53,065) 
As at 31 December 2020 
1,961,400 
91,292 
118,897 
2,171,589 
 
 
 
 
Allowance for expected credit losses  
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2020 
(20,022) 
(1,406) 
(41,330) 
(62,758) 
Net (charge)/recovery 
(2,209) 
(9,538) 
682 
(11,065) 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 
981 
(981) 
- 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 1 
(29) 
29 
- 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
- 
1,377 
(1,377) 
- 
Write-offs 
- 
- 
973 
973 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
120 
(221) 
60 
(41) 
As at 31 December 2020 
(21,159) 
(10,740) 
(40,992) 
(72,891) 
Total loans to customers 
1,940,241 
80,552 
77,905 
2,098,698 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
Outstanding amount 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2019 
1,282,963 
81,631 
351,898 
1,716,492 
Net issue/(redemption) 
335,433 
(48,412) 
(23,789) 
263,232 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 
(4,144) 
- 
4,144 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
- 
(23,920) 
23,920 
- 
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
- 
108,025 
(108,025) 
- 
Net change in (premiums)/discounts 
(5,059) 
326 
(688) 
(5,421) 
Write-offs 
- 
- 
(9,178) 
(9,178) 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
59,670 
(1,765) 
(268) 
57,637 
As at 31 December 2019 
1,668,863 
115,885 
238,014 
2,022,762 
 
 
 
 
 
Allowance for expected credit losses  
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2019 
(9,329) 
(1,930) 
(54,943) 
(66,202) 
Net (charge)/recovery 
(10,094) 
114 
4,878 
(5,102) 
Transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 3 
1 
- 
(1) 
- 
Transfer from Stage 2 to Stage 3 
- 
546 
(546) 
- 
Transfer from Stage 3 to Stage 2 
- 
(138) 
138 
- 
Write-offs 
- 
- 
9,178 
9,178 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
(600) 
2 
(34) 
(632) 
As at 31 December 2019 
(20,022) 
(1,406) 
(41,330) 
(62,758) 
Total loans to customers 
1,648,841 
114,479 
196,684 
1,960,004 
      F-49

--- Page 268 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
43 
15. LOANS TO CUSTOMERS, CONTINUED 
 
The table below summarizes the movement of loans to customers between the stages of credit quality 
assessment during the year ended 31 December 2018:  
 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2018 there were no movements of loans between stages of credit quality 
assessment.  
 
The Bank estimates loan impairment for its loans to customers based on an analysis of the future cash flows 
and collateral realization approach.  
 
The table below summarises the amount of loans secured by type of collateral, rather than the fair value of 
the collateral itself: 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Loans collateralised by real estate, equipment and inventories 
822,295 
955,107 
891,565 
Loans collateralised by guarantees: 
 
 
 
state entities 
116,460 
319,083 
381,888 
governments of the Member-states of the Bank 
100,465 
94,554 
153,165 
financial and commercial organisations 
579,588 
455,324 
176,028 
Loans collateralised by future cash inflows from clients’ 
contracts  
552,781 
198,694 
113,846 
2,171,589 
2,022,762 
1,716,492 
 
 
 
Less expected credit loss provisions  
(72,891) 
(62,758) 
(66,202) 
Total loans to customers 
2,098,698 
1,960,004 
1,650,290 
 
The recoverability of the above loans is primarily dependent on the creditworthiness of the borrowers rather 
than the value of collateral, but the Bank considers the current value of the collateral as one of the factors 
that reduces the amount of expected credit losses. For the purpose of estimation of expected credit loss 
provisions the Bank does not include into the calculation the value of operational collateral which is 
substantially bound into the borrower’s operational activity and would significantly devalue in case of 
default.  
 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
Total 
Outstanding amount 
 
 
 
 
As at 1 January 2018 
865,296 
110,418 
423,731 
1,399,445 
Net issue/(redemption) 
537,221 
(27,034) 
(55,457) 
454,730 
Net change in discounts/(premiums) 
2,862 
190 
(152) 
2,900 
Write-offs 
- 
- 
(3,636) 
(3,636) 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
(122,416) 
(1,943) 
(12,588) 
(136,947) 
As at 31 December 2018 
1,282,963 
81,631 
351,898 
1,716,492 
Allowance for expected credit losses 
 
 
 
 
Impairment losses as at  
31 December 2017 
(9) 
(12) 
(55,159) 
(55,180) 
Expected credit loss adjustment per IFRS 
9 as at 1 January 2018 
(10,151) 
12 
(1,015) 
(11,154) 
Net  recovery/(charge) 
935 
(1,949) 
(5,054) 
(6,068) 
Write-offs 
- 
- 
3,636 
3,636 
Effect of foreign currency movements 
(104) 
19 
2,649 
2,564 
As at 31 December 2018 
(9,329) 
(1,930) 
(54,943) 
(66,202) 
Total loans to customers 
1,273,634 
79,701 
296,955 
1,650,290 
      F-50

--- Page 269 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
44 
15. LOANS TO CUSTOMERS, CONTINUED 
 
The current value of collateral takes into account period of collateral realization, cost of realization, liquidity 
coefficients, therefore, does not equal fair value of collateral.  
 
As at 31 December 2020, as per the Bank’s estimation the fair value of collateral of Stage 3 loans is equal to 
30,722 thousand US dollars (31 December 2019: 172,764 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018: 163,841 
thousand US dollars).   
 
The table below presents the economic sector breakdown of the loans: 
 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Transport  
732,151 
657,389 
596,419 
Chemical industry 
464,436 
112,431 
14,722 
Energy 
440,698 
490,302 
349,254 
Mining  
213,719 
282,153 
224,757 
Infrastructure 
109,031 
212,876 
219,245 
Machinery 
98,699 
73,650 
68,299 
Metallurgy 
50,168 
114,899 
145,083 
Agriculture 
24,865 
29,093 
57,520 
Other 
37,822 
49,969 
41,193 
2,171,589 
2,022,762 
1,716,492 
Less expected credit loss provisions 
(72,891) 
(62,758) 
(66,202) 
Total loans to customers 
2,098,698 
1,960,004 
1,650,290 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the maximum credit risk exposure on loans to customers amounts to  
2,098,698 thousand US dollars (31 December 2019: 1,960,004 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018: 
1,650,290 thousand US dollars). 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the maximum credit risk exposure on loan commitments extended by the Bank to 
its borrowers amounts to 1,186,735 thousand US dollars (31 December 2019: 1,275,796 thousand US dollars; 
31 December 2018: 1,244,532 thousand US dollars) (Note 27). 
 
As at 31 December 2020, loans to customers included accrued interest income amounting to  
20,435 thousand US dollars (31 December 2019: 17,852 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018:  
22,283 thousand US dollars). For the year ended 31 December 2020, net unwinding effect resulted in gain 
of 2,071 thousand US dollars (31 December 2019: loss of 1,288 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018: 
loss of 1,198 thousand US dollars).    
 
Concentration of loans to customers  
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Bank has two customers, whose balance exceed 10% of total equity of the 
Bank. The first customer has a balance of 411,869 thousand US dollars. The second customer has a balance 
of 338,736 thousand US dollars. As at 31 December 2019, the Bank has one customer, which had a balance 
of 356,651 thousand US dollars. As at 31 December 2018, the Bank has two customers with balances of 
357,076 thousand US dollars and 183,457 thousand US dollars respectively.  
 
 
 
      F-51

--- Page 270 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
45 
15. LOANS TO CUSTOMERS, CONTINUED 
 
Stress-testing of expected credit loss provisions 
 
The Bank performs stress-testing of expected credit loss provisions via applying a scenario when all loans 
that are classified into Stage 1 credit quality category would be reclassified into stage 2 credit quality 
category. Subsequently a lifetime expected credit loss allowance instead of 12-month portion allowance 
would be required. According to the result of the test, as at 31 December 2020 an increase of  
123,691 thousand US dollars (31 December 2019: 36,936 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018:  
40,841 thousand US dollars) in the amount of expected credit loss provisions would be required.  
 
 
16. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive 
income consist of: 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio  
1,606,548 
 
1,513,960 
 
912,498 
Equity instruments, initially recognized at fair value through 
other comprehensive income, in Treasury portfolio 
22,594 
 
- 
 
- 
Debt instruments in Investment portfolio 
631,908 
 
592,339 
 
226,843 
Total financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
2,261,050 
 
2,106,299 
 
1,139,341 
 
In 2020 the Bank purchased less than 1% of shares of the Russian state-owned company.  
 
The tables below summarise the distribution of debt financial instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income between the stages of credit quality assessment as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 
2018:  
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
31 December 
2020 
Total 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio  
1,606,548  
-  
-  
1,606,548 
Debt instruments in Investment portfolio 
536,680  
95,223  
5  
631,908 
Total debt instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
2,143,228  
95,223  
5  
2,238,456 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
31 December 
2019 
Total 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio 
1,513,960  
-  
-  
1,513,960 
Debt instruments in Investment portfolio 
576,767  
15,567  
5  
592,339 
Total debt instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
2,090,727  
15,567  
5  
2,106,299 
 
Stage 1 
 
Stage 2 
 
Stage 3 
 
31 December 
2018 
Total 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio 
912,498  
-  
-  
912,498 
Debt instruments in Investment portfolio 
226,840  
-  
3  
226,843 
Total debt instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
1,139,338  
-  
3  
1,139,341 
      F-52

--- Page 271 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
46 
16. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, 
CONTINUED 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2020, one financial instrument with the carrying amount of  
86,333 thousand US dollars and expected credit losses in the amount of 4,266 thousand US dollars was 
moved from Stage 1 to Stage 2.  
 
During the year ended 31 December 2019, one financial instrument with the carrying amount of  
15,567 thousand US dollars and expected credit losses in the amount of 981 thousand US dollars was moved 
from Stage 1 to Stage 2. 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2018, there were no movements between different stages of credit 
quality assessment.  
 
The tables below present the breakdown of the debt instruments by counterparty: 
 
31 December 2020 
 
31 December 2019 
 
31 December 2018 
Nominal 
interest rate  Fair value  
Nominal 
interest rate  Fair value  
Nominal 
interest rate  Fair value 
Debt instruments in Treasury 
portfolio 
  
  
  
  
  
 
Bonds issued by governments of USA, 
Japan and Belgium 
0.00 - 2.50% 
 
877,557  0.00- 1.38% 
 
470,137  0.00- 0.75% 
 
194,584 
Bonds issued by non-financial 
organizations 
3.37 - 6.66% 
 
228,397  3.45 - 6.00% 
 
213,595  3.45 - 8.75% 
 
288,290 
Eurobonds of the Russian Federation 
1.13 – 7.60% 
 
195,283  4.75 – 7.60% 
 
140,428  3.50 – 7.50% 
 
197,423 
Discount notes issued by National 
Bank of the Republic of Kazakhstan 
- 
 
143,166  
- 
 
139,961  
- 
 
- 
Bonds issued by banks and financial 
institutions of non-member states 
0.00 – 5.95% 
 
127,924  1.80 - 2.92% 
 
549,839  2.08 - 3.18% 
 
228,088 
Eurobonds of the Republic of 
Kazakhstan 
0.00 - 5.50% 
 
23,116  
- 
 
-  
- 
 
- 
Bonds issued by banks and financial 
institutions of the Republic of 
Kazakhstan 
5.50 - 7.25% 
 
11,105  
- 
 
-  
- 
 
- 
Eurobonds of the Republic of Armenia 
- 
 
-  
- 
 
-  
6.00% 
 
4,113 
  1,606,548  
  1,513,960  
  
912,498 
 
31 December 2020 
 
31 December 2019 
 
31 December 2018 
Nominal 
interest 
rate 
 
Fair  
value 
 
Nominal 
interest 
Rate 
 
Fair  
value 
 
Nominal 
interest 
rate 
 Fair value 
Debt instruments in Investment 
portfolio 
  
  
  
  
  
 
Bonds issued by non-financial 
organisations 
4.38 - 11.50%  
551,590  4.38 - 11.50%  
556,965  8.00 - 11.50%  
208,512 
Eurobonds of the Republic of 
Kazakhstan 
5.40 - 6.55% 
 
40,930  
- 
 
-  
- 
 
- 
Eurobonds of the Republic of Belarus 
8.50 - 8.65% 
 
31,958  
8.65% 
 
15,872  
- 
 
- 
Bonds issued by financial 
organisations 
15.00% 
 
7,430  9.10 - 15.00%  
19,502  9.49 - 15.00%  
18,331 
  
631,908  
  
592,339  
  
226,843 
 
 
 
      F-53

--- Page 272 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
47 
16. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, 
CONTINUED 
 
The tables below presents the breakdown of the debt instruments by credit risk rating: 
 
31 December 
 2020 
 
31 December  
2019 
 
31 December  
2018 
Fair value 
 
Fair value 
 
Fair value 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio 
 
 
 
 
 
with credit ratings AA- and above 
810,696 
 
590,841 
 
204,746 
with credit ratings from A+ to A- 
194,785 
 
429,135 
 
217,926 
with credit ratings from BBB+ to BBB- 
589,962 
 
493,984 
 
176,742 
with credit ratings from BB+ to BB- 
11,105 
 
- 
 
308,971 
with credit ratings below BB- 
- 
 
- 
 
4,113 
1,606,548 
 
1,513,960 
 
912,498 
 
31 December  
2020 
 
31 December  
2019 
 
31 December 
 2018 
Fair value 
 
Fair value 
 
Fair value 
Debt instruments in Investment portfolio 
 
 
 
with credit ratings from BBB+ to BBB- 
40,930 
 
- 
 
- 
with credit ratings from BB+ to BB- 
431,115 
 
415,602 
 
216,684 
with credit ratings below BB- and not rated 
159,863 
 
176,737 
 
10,159 
631,908 
 
592,339 
 
226,843 
 
As at 31 December 2020, debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income include accrued 
interest income amounting to 6,453 thousand US dollars (31 December 2019: 22,830 thousand US dollars; 
31 December 2018: 9,178 thousand US dollars). 
 
As at 31 December 2020, debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income include 
financial assets used as collateral for Repo operations with a fair value of 672,332 thousand US dollars  
(31 December 2019: 251,643 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018: 73,684 thousand US dollars)  
(Note 20). 
 
 
17. DEBT SECURITIES AT AMORTISED COST 
 
As at 31 December 2020 financial instruments at amortised cost consist of: 
 
31 December 
2020 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio 
 
with credit ratings from BBB+ to BBB- 
273,056 
with credit ratings from BB+ to BB- 
21,784 
294,840 
Less expected credit loss provisions  (Note 5) 
(343) 
Total debt securities at amortised cost 
294,497 
 
There were no financial instruments at amortised cost as at 31 December 2019 and 2018. 
 
All financial instruments at amortised cost were classified as Stage 1 of credit quality assessment during the 
year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
 
 
      F-54

--- Page 273 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
48 
17. DEBT SECURITIES AT AMORTISED COST, CONTINUED 
 
The tables below present the breakdown of the debt instruments by counterparty: 
 
31 December 2020 
Nominal 
interest rate 
 
Total 
  
 
Bonds issued by non-financial organizations 
2.25 - 6.66% 
 
152,041 
Eurobonds of the Russian Federation 
4.75 – 12.75% 
 
131,937 
Bonds issued by banks and financial institutions of the Republic of Kazakhstan 
7.25% 
 
10,862 
  
294,840 
Less expected credit loss provisions  (Note 5) 
  
(343) 
Total debt securities at amortised cost 
  
294,497 
 
As at 31 December 2020, financial instruments at amortised cost include accrued interest income amounting 
to 1,817 thousand US dollars. 
 
As at 31 December 2020, debt instruments at amortized cost include financial assets used as collateral for 
Repo operations with a fair value of 142,739 thousand US dollars (Note 20). 
 
 
18. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES 
 
Associates of the Bank as at reporting date are set out below: 
 
31 December 2020 
 
31 December 2019 
Ownership 
interest 
 
Fair  
value 
 
Ownership 
interest 
 
Fair  
value 
Investments in associates 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common shares of JSCB “NRBank” (JSC) 
18.68% 
 
17,236 
 
18.68% 
 
20,121 
Common shares of other companies 
- 
 
24 
 
- 
 
10 
 
 
 
17,260 
 
 
 
20,131 
 
In December 2019, the Bank has purchased an 18.68% share in Russia-based bank JSCB “NRBank” (JSC). 
The purchase price was based on the result of an external assessment of the fair value of the JSCB “NRBank” 
(JSC) conducted by a reputable independent appraiser in October 2019. During 2020, the Bank has assessed 
that the fair value of aforementioned shares has changed primarily due to the decrease of Russian ruble (base 
currency of JSCB “NRBank” (JSC) operations) to US dollar exchange rate. The Bank recognised this change 
in losses from investments in associates. 
 
 
      F-55

--- Page 274 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
49 
19. OTHER ASSETS 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Other financial assets: 
 
 
 
Accrued commission income and other receivables  
9,098 
10,868 
2,842 
9,098 
10,868 
2,842 
Other non-financial assets: 
 
 
 
Right-of-use asset 
4,703 
6,967 
- 
Prepaid expenses 
1,238 
1,911 
1,279 
Capital expenditure debtors 
843 
390 
156 
Value added tax reimbursable 
103 
243 
108 
Other debtors 
205 
611 
302 
7,092 
10,122 
1,845 
Less: allowance for impairment losses 
(150) 
(176) 
(91) 
6,942 
9,946 
1,754 
Total other assets 
16,040 
20,814 
4,596 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, other assets also include certain assets received as consideration 
for loans to customers, which the Bank has taken over as a new owner as a result of an agreement between 
the borrower and the Bank. The net carrying value of the aforementioned assets as per Bank’s assessment is 
equal to nil. 
 
 
20. LOANS AND DEPOSITS FROM BANKS 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Loans from banks 
 
 
 
 
 
in Chinese yuans 
228,068 
 
- 
 
- 
in US dollars 
166,484 
 
88,283 
 
30,554 
in Kazakhstani tenge  
135,929 
 
138,557 
 
- 
in Euro 
76,345 
 
226,689 
 
78,445 
in Russian rouble 
27,321 
 
- 
 
- 
Correspondent accounts of other banks 
13,151 
 
3,611 
 
- 
Short-term deposits from banks 
149,909 
 
41,185 
 
68,810 
Loans under repurchase agreements: 
 
 
 
 
 
in Euro 
649,656 
 
147,458 
 
- 
in Russian rouble 
110,708 
 
- 
 
17,970 
in Kazakhstani tenge  
2,541 
 
94,692 
 
43,238 
in Armenian dram 
- 
 
- 
 
3,914 
1,560,112 
 
740,475 
 
242,931 
 
The Bank has signed several loan agreements to receive financing from different international banks to fund 
its investment projects. Due to the terms of such agreements, the Bank shall comply with the covenants such 
as maintaining financial stability, non-payment clauses, cross-default, encumbrances, court proceedings and 
some others. As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Bank was in compliance with all covenants.  
 
The Bank concludes repurchase agreement operations in order to: a) satisfy its need in Euro, and b) satisfy 
its need of Kazakhstani tenge and Russian rouble liquidity. 
 
 
 
 
      F-56

--- Page 275 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
50 
20. LOANS AND DEPOSITS FROM BANKS, CONTINUED 
 
The table below presents the breakdown of assets pledged and carrying amount of loans under repurchase 
agreements: 
 
31 December 2020 
 
31 December 2019 
 
31 December 2018 
Carrying 
amount of 
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
 
Carrying 
amount of 
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
 
Carrying 
amount of 
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Eurobonds of the Russian 
Federation 
205,553 
 
261,313  
112,325  
116,240  
17,970  
25,496 
Discount notes issued by 
National Bank of the 
Republic of Kazakhstan 
2,541 
 
2,541  
94,692  
97,621  
-  
- 
US Treasuries 
547,034 
 
541,387  
35,133  
37,782  
43,238  
44,136 
Bonds issued by non-
financial organizations 
7,777 
 
9,830  
-  
-  
-  
- 
Eurobonds of the Republic 
of Armenia 
- 
 
-  
-  
-  
3,914  
4,052 
Total loans under 
repurchase agreements 
762,905 
 
815,071  
242,150  
251,643  
65,122  
73,684 
 
The table below presents the breakdown of assets pledged and carrying amount of loans under repurchase 
agreements by credit risk rating: 
 
31 December 2020 
 
31 December 2019 
 
31 December 2018 
Carrying 
amount of 
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
 
Carrying 
amount of  
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
 
Carrying 
amount of 
loans 
 
Fair value of 
collateral 
With pledge credit ratings A- 
and above 
547,034  
541,387  
35,133  
37,782  
43,238  
44,136 
With pledge credit ratings 
from BBB+ to BBB- 
208,094  
263,854  
207,017  
213,861  
17,970  
25,496 
With pledge credit ratings 
from BB+ to BB- 
7,777  
9,830  
-  
-  
-  
- 
With pledge credit ratings 
below BB- 
-  
-  
-  
-  
3,914  
4,052 
Total loans under 
repurchase agreements 
762,905  
815,071  
242,150  
251,643  
65,122  
73,684 
 
As at 31 December 2020, loans and deposits from banks included accrued interest payable amounting to 
10,120 thousand US dollars (31 December 2019: 5,885 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018: 
1,112 thousand US dollars). 
 
Maturities of amounts of loans and deposits from banks are included in Note 31 under liquidity risk. 
 
The reconciliation of loans from banks movement to cash flows arising from financing activities in 2020, 
2019 and 2018 is as follows: 
 
31 December 
2019 
 Cash inflow  Cash outflow  
Foreign exchange 
and interest 
accrued movement  
31 December 
2020 
Loans from banks and loans under 
repurchase agreements 
453,529  
1,041,900  
(177,839)  
79,462  
1,397,052 
 
 
      F-57

--- Page 276 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
51 
20. LOANS AND DEPOSITS FROM BANKS, CONTINUED 
 
31 December 
2018 
 Cash inflow  Cash outflow  
Foreign exchange 
and interest 
accrued movement  
31 December 
2019 
Loans from banks and loans under 
repurchase agreements 
108,999  
359,879  
(20,920)  
5,571  
453,529 
 
31 December 
2017 
 Cash inflow  Cash outflow  
Foreign exchange 
and interest 
accrued movement  
31 December 
2018 
Loans from banks and loans under 
repurchase agreements 
109,253  
25,125  
(21,021)  
(4,358)  
108,999 
 
 
21. DEPOSITS FROM CUSTOMERS 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Current accounts: 
  
  
 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
121,574  
113,496  
56,307 
in US dollars 
46,096  
25,210  
13,342 
in Euro 
412  
516  
- 
in Russian rouble 
319  
1,925  
8 
Deposits from customers: 
  
  
 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
90,343  
20,515  
24,819 
in US dollars 
65,685  
104,099  
82,669 
in Russian rouble 
42,916  
31,582  
- 
in Euro 
24,253  
1  
- 
391,598  
297,344  
177,145 
 
During 2018, the Council of the Bank has adopted a strategy for the period from 2018 to 2022. In accordance 
with the strategy, the Bank has started to provide settlement and clearing services to its customers.  
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, all deposits were from corporate customers based in the member-
states of the Bank.  
 
The table below present the breakdown of the deposits from customers by counterparty: 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Current accounts: 
  
  
 
state-owned companies 
113,720  
106,945  
68,147 
private companies 
54,681  
34,202  
1,510 
Deposits from customers: 
  
  
 
private companies 
150,184  
112,476  
52,638 
state-owned companies 
73,013  
43,721  
54,850 
391,598  
297,344  
177,145 
 
 
 
      F-58

--- Page 277 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
52 
22. DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
  
  
 
Debt securities issued and denominated in USD 
  
  
 
Issue series 
Next put option date 
Due date 
Interest rate, % 
 
 
 
 
 
Series 03 
- 
Sep 2022 
4.767 
511,960 
515,383 
302,513 
w/o 
- 
Dec 2021 
0.750 
100,008 
- 
- 
Series 05 
- 
Sep 2020 
5.000 
- 
289,291 
286,100 
Total debt securities issued and denominated in USD 
611,968  
804,674  
588,613 
  
  
 
Debt securities issued and denominated in RUB 
  
  
 
Issue series 
Next put option date 
Due date 
Interest rate, % 
  
  
 
Series 001P-07 
 
May 2024 
5.900 
135,248  
-  
- 
Series 001P-05 
- 
Jun 2023 
6.800 
108,066  
129,339  
- 
Series 001P-04 
- 
Jan 2023 
8.000 
69,810  
83,386  
- 
Series 11 
Aug 2021 
Jan 2025 
7.750 
69,509  
83,060  
74,253 
Series 001P-03 
- 
Mar 2021 
8.600 
69,189  
82,595  
- 
Series 001P-06 
 
Apr 2023 
7.600 
68,370  
-  
- 
Series 001P-02 
- 
May 2021 
8.900 
68,268  
81,490  
72,780 
Series 10 
- 
Jan 2023 
12.250 
28,492  
34,044  
30,436 
Series 001P-01 
- 
Jul 2028 
5.950 
7,733  
166,248  
148,627 
Series 08 
- 
Oct 2020 
8.200 
-  
82,061  
73,345 
Series 06 
- 
Sep 2020 
7.300 
-  
54,002  
48,272 
Series 002P-02 
- 
Feb 2020 
6.150 
-  
48,389  
- 
Series 07 
- 
Sep 2020 
8.750 
-  
28,254  
25,243 
Series 05 
- 
Jul 2020 
7.800 
-  
16,038  
22,042 
Series 01 
- 
Jan 2019 
9.300 
-  
-  
3,325 
Series 02 
- 
Feb 2019 
8.300 
-  
-  
2 
Total debt securities issued and denominated in RUB 
624,685  
888,906  
498,325 
  
  
 
Debt securities issued and denominated in KZT 
  
  
 
Issue series 
Next put option date 
Due date 
Interest rate, % 
  
  
 
Series 01, programme 3 
 
Aug 2022 
11.000 
98,484  
-  
- 
Series 05, programme 1 
- 
Feb 2022 
9.700 
49,072  
53,964  
- 
Series 06, programme 2 
- 
Oct 2023 
9.500 
48,385  
53,243  
53,464 
Series 03, programme 2 
- 
Nov 2022 
9.700 
48,105  
52,920  
53,133 
Series 05, programme 2 
- 
May 2024 
9.500 
47,858  
52,663  
- 
Series 09, programme 2 
- 
May 2024 
9.500 
47,858  
52,663  
- 
Series 01, programme 2 
- 
Jun 2021 
9.100 
47,683  
52,432  
52,628 
Series 02, programme 2 
- 
Jun 2021 
9.100 
47,683  
52,431  
52,628 
Series 11, programme 2 
- 
May 2024 
9.500 
23,929  
26,331  
- 
Series 07, programme 2 
- 
Jun 2021 
9.100 
23,842  
26,216  
26,313 
Series 10, programme 2 
- 
Oct 2020 
9.400 
-  
53,314  
53,516 
Series 04, programme 2 
- 
May 2020 
10.100 
-  
39,571  
39,702 
Series 03, programme 1 
- 
Aug 2019 
7.200 
-  
-  
53,890 
Series 04, programme 1 
- 
Sep 2019 
7.200 
-  
-  
53,574 
Total debt securities issued and denominated in KZT 
482,899  
515,748  
438,848 
Total debt securities issued 
1,719,552  
2,209,328  
1,525,786 
 
On 20 September 2012, the Bank issued international Eurobonds on the London Stock Exchange as part of 
its Euro Medium Term Note (“EMTN”) Programme for a total amount of 500,000 thousand US dollars with 
maturity date on 20 September 2022 (series 03). The Eurobonds bear an interest rate fixed at 4.767% per 
annum. During 2015 and 2016, the Bank partially repurchased bonds with a nominal amount of  
201,031 thousand US dollars resulting in a net gain of 3,195 thousand US dollars. In April 2018, the Bank 
registered the updated Base prospectus for EMTN Programme on Euronext Dublin. On 12 December 2019, 
the Bank made a secondary placement of these repurchased bonds for the nominal amount of  
201,031 thousand US dollars, price of placement – 104.65%. 
 
 
 
      F-59

--- Page 278 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
53 
22. DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED, CONTINUED 
 
On 4 December 2020, the Bank issued US dollar denominated bonds with a listing on Astana International 
Exchange in the amount of 100,000 thousand US Dollars with a maturity date of 14 December 2021. In 
accordance with the terms of the issuance the interest rate was fixed at 0.75% per annum. 
 
On 28 May 2020, the Bank issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-07) listed on the Moscow Exchange for 
a total amount of 10,000 million Russian roubles with a maturity date on 23 May 2024. In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the Russian rouble bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 5.90% per annum until maturity 
date on 23 May 2024. 
 
On 13 December 2019, the Bank issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-05) listed on the Moscow Exchange 
for a total amount of 8,000 million Russian roubles with maturity date on 9 June 2023. In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the Russian rouble bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 6.80% per annum until maturity 
date on 9 June 2023. 
 
On 16 July 2019, the Bank issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-04) listed on the Moscow Exchange for 
a total amount of 5,000 million Russian roubles with maturity date on 10 January 2023. In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the Russian rouble bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 8.00% per annum until maturity 
date on 10 January 2023. 
 
On 2 February 2018, the Bank issued Russian rouble bonds (series 11) listed on the Moscow Exchange for a 
total amount of 5,000 million Russian roubles with maturity date on 24 January 2025. In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the Russian rouble bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 7.75% per annum until 30 July 
2021. After 30 July 2021, the interest rate will be determined by the Bank unilaterally. The bondholders are 
entitled to demand the redemption of the Russian rouble bonds on the put option date on 4 August 2021. 
 
On 12 March 2019, the Bank issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-03) listed on the Moscow Exchange 
for a total amount of 5,000 million Russian roubles with maturity date on 9 March 2021. In accordance with 
the terms of the issuance, the Russian rouble bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 8.60% per annum until maturity 
date on 9 March 2021. 
 
On 21 April 2020, the Bank issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-06) listed on the Moscow Exchange for 
a total amount of 5,000 million Russian roubles with a maturity date on 18 April 2023. In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the Russian rouble bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 7.60% per annum until maturity 
date on 18 April 2023. 
 
On 9 November 2018, the Bank issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-02) listed on the Moscow Exchange 
for a total amount of 5,000 million Russian roubles with a maturity date on 07 May 2021. In accordance with 
the terms of the issuance, the Russian rouble bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 8.90% per annum until maturity 
date on 7 May 2021.  
 
On 19 January 2016, the Bank issued Russian rouble bonds (series 10) listed on the Moscow Exchange for a 
total amount of 2,000 million Russian roubles with maturity date on 10 January 2023 and with interest rate 
fixed at 12.25% per annum.  
 
On 24 July 2018, the Bank issued Russian rouble bonds (series 001Р-01) listed on the Moscow Exchange for a 
total amount of 10,000 million Russian roubles with maturity date on 11 July 2028. In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the Russian rouble bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 7.60% per annum until 21 January 
2020. After 21 January 2020 the Bank determined new interest rates of 5.95% per annum valid until  
17 January 2023, and as a result of put option exercise, the nominal value of bonds in circulation amounts to 
560 million Russian roubles. After 17 January 2023, the interest rate will be determined by the Bank 
unilaterally. The bondholders are entitled to demand the redemption of the Russian rouble bonds on the put 
option date on 20 January 2023. 
 
      F-60

--- Page 279 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
54 
22. DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED, CONTINUED 
 
On 28 August 2020, the Bank issued tenge bonds listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange for a total amount 
of 40,000 million tenge with maturity date on 28 August 2022 (programme 3 series 01). In accordance with 
the terms of the issuance, the tenge bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 11.00% per annum. 
 
On 22 February 2019, the Bank issued tenge bonds listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange for a total 
amount of 20,000 million tenge with maturity date on 22 February 2022 (programme 1 series 05). In 
accordance with the terms of the issuance, the tenge bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 9.70% per annum.  
 
On 11 October 2018, the Bank issued tenge bonds listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange for a total amount 
of 20,000 million tenge with maturity date on 11 October 2023 (programme 2 series 06). In accordance with 
the terms of the issuance, the tenge bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 9.50% per annum. 
 
On 6 November 2018, the Bank issued tenge bonds listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange for a total 
amount of 20,000 million tenge with maturity date on 6 November 2022 (programme 2 series 03). In 
accordance with the terms of the issuance, the tenge bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 9.70% per annum. 
 
On 27 May 2019, the Bank issued tenge bonds listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange for a total amount 
of 20,000 million tenge with maturity date on 27 May 2024 (programme 2 series 05). In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the tenge bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 9.50% per annum. 
 
On 27 May 2019, the Bank issued tenge bonds listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange for a total amount 
of 20,000 million tenge with maturity date on 27 May 2024 (programme 2 series 09). In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the tenge bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 9.50% per annum. 
 
On 12 June 2018, the Bank issued tenge bonds listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange for a total amount 
of 20,000 million tenge with maturity date on 12 June 2021 (programme 2 series 01). In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the tenge bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 9.10% per annum. 
 
On 12 June 2018, the Bank issued tenge bonds listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange for a total amount 
of 20,000 million tenge with maturity date on 12 June 2021 (programme 2 series 02). In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the tenge bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 9.10% per annum. 
 
On 27 May 2019, the Bank issued tenge bonds listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange for a total amount 
of 10,000 million tenge with maturity date on 27 May 2024 (programme 2 series 11). In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the tenge bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 9.50% per annum. 
 
On 12 June 2018, the Bank issued tenge bonds listed on the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange for a total amount 
of 10,000 million tenge with maturity date on 12 June 2021 (programme 2 series 07). In accordance with the 
terms of the issuance, the tenge bonds bear an interest rate fixed at 9.10% per annum. 
 
As at 31 December 2020, debt securities issued included accrued interest payable amounting to  
26,439 thousand US dollars (31 December 2019: 37,392 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018:  
27,522 thousand US dollars). 
 
 
      F-61

--- Page 280 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
55 
22. DEBT SECURITIES ISSUED, CONTINUED 
 
The reconciliation of debt securities issued movement to cash flows arising from financing activities in 2020, 
2019 and 2018 is as follows: 
 
31 December 
2019 
 Cash inflow  Cash outflow  
Foreign exchange 
movement 
 
Interest 
accrued 
movement 
 
31 December 
2020 
Debt securities issued 
2,209,328  
403,040   
 (713,990)  
 (167,917)  
(10,909)  
1,719,552 
 
 
31 December 
2018 
 Cash inflow  Cash outflow  
Foreign exchange 
movement 
 
Interest 
accrued 
movement 
 
31 December 
2019 
Debt securities issued 
1,525,786  
775,557  
(164,129)  
60,505  
11,609  
2,209,328 
 
31 December 
2017 
 Cash inflow  Cash outflow  
Foreign exchange 
movement 
 
Interest 
accrued 
movement 
 
31 December 
2018 
Debt securities issued 
1,198,341  
587,991  
(147,888)  
(124,979)  
12,321  
1,525,786 
 
 
23. OTHER LIABILITIES 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Other financial liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
Lease liabilities 
4,071 
 
6,967 
 
- 
Receivables for loans 
3,303 
 
2,730 
 
2,720 
Other receivables and accrued expenses 
142 
 
157 
 
47 
7,516 
 
9,854 
 
2,767 
Other non-financial liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
Defined contribution plans: Retirement savings plan 
20,718 
 
16,751 
 
13,471 
Short-term payments to employees 
7,634 
 
7,166 
 
6,177 
Technical Assistance Fund resources for distribution as per 
Council’s decision 
3,943 
 
- 
 
- 
Accrued administrative expenses 
746 
 
558 
 
351 
Expected credit loss provisions on contingent liabilities 
488 
 
720 
 
8 
Other 
229 
 
1 
 
- 
33,758 
 
25,196 
 
20,007 
Total other liabilities 
41,274 
 
35,050 
 
22,774 
 
The Bank has developed a retirement savings plan aimed at providing savings that are transferred to 
employees at the date of retirement or employment termination whichever is earlier. The program was 
developed as an equivalent to pension plans which are stipulated by legislation of Member states of the Bank. 
The retirement savings plan consists of three savings plans: obligatory plan and two optional plans. The 
obligatory plan covers all employees while the optional plans are at the discretion of each employee. The 
obligatory plan is fully paid by the Bank. A contribution is provided by the Bank on a monthly basis for each 
member of the plan, and the amount is stipulated by the Bank’s internal regulation. The optional plans are 
jointly financed by the Bank and each employee participating in the respective plan. 
 
      F-62

--- Page 281 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
56 
23. OTHER LIABILITIES, CONTINUED 
 
The Bank’s liabilities on retirement savings are estimated using time and interest discount factors.  
The reconciliation between nominal amount and carrying amount is as follows:  
 
Date 
Nominal amount 
Time discount factor* 
Interest discount factor** 
Carrying amount 
31 December 2020 
20,908 
3.45 years 
0.269% 
20,718 
31 December 2019 
17,582 
3.39 years 
1.582% 
16,751 
31 December 2018 
14,584 
2.77 years 
2.992% 
13,471 
 
* Time discount factor is estimated as a half of an average term of employment   
** interest discount factor is equal to US dollar mid-swap interest rate at time discount factor. 
 
In July 2020, the Council of the Bank has approved the allocation of TAF resources (see Note 25) in the 
amount up to 5,550 thousand US dollars on technical assistance projects and TAF programs.  
During 2020, 1,607 thousand US dollars were disbursed for projects, and as at 31 December 2020 TAF 
resources for distribution were equal to 3,943 thousand US dollars. 
 
 
24.  SHARE CAPITAL 
 
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018  
Authorised      
share capital 
 
Callable         
share capital 
 
Paid-in          
share capital 
The Russian Federation 
4,617,900 
 
(3,617,900) 
 
1,000,000 
The Republic of Kazakhstan 
2,309,300 
 
(1,809,300) 
 
500,000 
The Republic of Belarus 
69,300 
 
(54,300) 
 
15,000 
The Republic of Tajikistan 
2,100 
 
(1,600) 
 
500 
The Republic of Armenia 
700 
 
(600) 
 
100 
The Kyrgyz Republic 
700 
 
(600) 
 
100 
7,000,000 
 
(5,484,300) 
 
1,515,700 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the authorised share capital consists of 7,000,000 common shares 
with a nominal value of 1,000 US dollars each. One paid-in share represents one voting right. 
 
On 2 July 2014, the Council of the Bank approved the increase of authorised share capital of the Bank up to 
7,000,000 thousand US dollars via issue of 5,484,300 shares, payable on call, with a nominal value of  
1,000 US dollars each. In accordance with the terms and conditions for subscription to additional shares, in 
case of the lack of monetary resources to perform its commitments and obligations, the Bank has the right to 
request payment of capital, payable on call, after initiating an extraordinary meeting of the Council of the 
Bank. 
 
Earnings per one paid-in share for years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 are as follows:  
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Net income attributable to the Member states 
32,582 
 
68,977 
 
66,445 
Weighted average number of paid-in shares 
1,515,700 
 
1,515,700 
 
1,515,700 
Earnings per one paid-in share 
0.0215 
 
0.0455 
 
0.0438 
 
The Bank has established a reserve fund that represents a segregation of a portion of its retained earnings. 
The Council of the Bank determines annually the amount of the prior year’s profit to be transferred to this 
fund. The Council of the Bank has restricted any distributions to participants until the reserve reaches fifteen 
percent of the total share capital. After that happens any such distributions could be made to participants 
proportionately based upon the number of the shares. 
      F-63

--- Page 282 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
57 
24. SHARE CAPITAL, CONTINUED 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Reserve fund of the Bank was equal to 146,220 thousand US dollars  
(31 December 2019 and 2018: 111,732 thousand US dollars). In 2020, a transfer of  
34,488 thousand US dollars from retained earnings to reserve fund was done (2019: no transfers; 2018:  
20,860 thousand US dollars). 
 
 
25.  TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FUND AND DIGITAL INITIATIVE FUND RESERVES 
 
 
The purpose of TAF is to effectively assist to strategic objective of the Bank via financing events aimed for 
preparation and implementation of investment projects, supporting programs of regional integration, carrying 
out cross-state, interstate, industrial and innovation researches aimed at economic growth, development of 
market economies, expansion of mutual trade between Member states and other measures related to the 
mission of the Bank. 
 
DIF was established by the Bank’s Council on 30 June 2020. DIF objective is to assist the Bank’s Member 
states in creating digital transformation tools and practices by integrating information resources and 
participating in the development and financing of projects, including those implemented under the EAEU 
2025 Digital Agenda.  
 
The Council of the Bank has decided to separate TAF and DIF reserves as individual parts of the equity of 
the Bank via transferring funds from retained earnings. After the Council of the Bank approves funding of 
specific TAF/DIF projects and programs, allocated sums are transferred from the equity reserve into 
liabilities (see Note 23).     
 
The amount of resources available for the TAF and the DIF programs and allocated for specific 
projects/programs are set by the Council of the Bank on a regular basis. The unused part of the reserves is 
accumulated and could be used in future periods. 
 
 
26. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
The Bank manages its capital to ensure that the Bank will be able to continue as a going concern while 
improving its performance through the optimisation of debt and equity. 
 
 
 
Technical 
Assistance Fund 
reserve 
Digital Initiative 
Fund reserve 
31 December 2018 
- 
- 
 
 
Transfer from Retained earnings to Technical assistance fund reserve 
19,133 
- 
31 December 2019 
19,133 
- 
 
 
Transfer from Retained earnings to Digital initiative fund reserve 
- 
10,000 
Transfer from Retained earnings to Technical assistance fund reserve 
10,102 
- 
Allocation of Technical assistance fund reserve 
(5,550) 
- 
31 December 2020 
23,685 
10,000 
      F-64

--- Page 283 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
58 
26.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
The objective of the Bank’s share capital is to cover potential losses from its operations. In accordance with 
the Bank’s internal policies, the equity should exceed 16% of the sum of credit, market and operational risks, 
estimated as per the Basel II Standardized approach. As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Bank was 
in compliance with its internal policy requirements. The Bank is not a subject of local banking regulation in 
Member-states.  
 
The capital structure of the Bank consists of equity attributable to Member-states, comprising share capital, 
reserves and retained earnings as disclosed in the statements of changes in equity. 
 
The Assets and Liabilities Management Committee (“ALMC”) reviews the capital structure on a monthly 
basis. As a part of this review, the ALMC considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each 
class of capital. Based on recommendations of the ALMC the Management Board of the Bank makes 
decisions over the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt. Changes in the share capital of the 
Bank are approved by the Council of the Bank. 
 
Please see financial ratios set by the Bank Council in Note 31 (g).  
 
 
27. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
In the normal course of business, the Bank is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in 
order to meet the needs of its customers. These instruments, involving varying degrees of credit risk, are not 
reflected in the statement of financial position. 
 
The Bank’s maximum exposure to credit loss under contingent liabilities and commitments to extend credit, 
in the event of non-performance by the other party where all counterclaims, collateral or security prove 
valueless, is represented by the contractual amounts of those instruments. The Bank plans to fund these 
commitments primarily with debt securities issued.  
 
The Bank’s uses the same credit control and management policies in undertaking off-balance sheet 
commitments as it does for on-balance operations. 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the nominal or contractual amounts are: 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Nominal 
amount 
 
Nominal 
amount 
 
Nominal 
amount 
Guarantees and letters of credit issued 
22,121 
50,877 
1,021 
Сontingent liabilities: 
 
 
 
on loans and credit lines 
1,186,735 
1,275,796 
1,244,532 
on guarantees and letters of credit 
246,342 
134,727 
- 
to join private equity funds 
3,995 
3,995 
15,724 
1,459,193 
1,465,395 
1,261,277 
 
 
 
Less expected credit loss provisions  
(488) 
(720) 
(8) 
Total contingent liabilities and credit commitments 
1,458,705 
1,464,675 
1,261,269 
 
 
 
      F-65

--- Page 284 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
59 
27. 
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, CONTINUED 
 
The Bank doesn’t create an allowance for expected credit losses on commitments on loans and unused credit 
lines because there are no automatic issues within the loan commitments of the Bank. Whenever the Bank 
receives a request from a customer for a new loan tranche within unused credit lines, it is reviewed each time 
on an individual and independent basis. The procedure of issuing new tranches includes an updated review 
of current financial position of a customer by credit risk, compliance and law departments of the Bank and 
is similar to the procedure of initial approval of credit line. As the Bank on a regular basis declines part of 
the requests for new tranches, the Bank considers that the issue of new loan tranches within its commitments 
is debatable, and makes an allowance for expected credit losses only after transfer of funds to the borrower.     
 
Capital commitments 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, the Bank had no capital commitments.  
 
Fiduciary activities  
 
The Bank provides trust services to Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development (the “Fund”), whereby 
it holds and manages assets or invests funds received in various financial instruments as a Manager of Fund.  
 
As at 31 December 2020, the amount of assets of the Fund was 3,919,340 thousand US dollars (31 December 
2019: 3,830,251 thousand US dollars; 31 December 2018: 3,686,540 thousand US dollars).  
 
The Bank is not answerable with its own property under obligations it has entered into on behalf of Fund 
Members within the scope of carrying out Fund operations, except in cases when by entering into such 
obligations the Bank has violated the provisions of Fund Documents.  
 
Insurance 
 
The insurance industry in Member states is in a developing state and many forms of insurance protection are 
not yet generally available. The Bank does not have full insurance coverage of the risks that may arise for its 
premises and equipment, business interruption, or third party liability in respect of property or environmental 
damage arising from accidents on Bank property or relating to the Bank’s operations. The Bank bears a risk 
that the loss or destruction of certain assets could have a material adverse effect on operations and financial 
position. 
 
Litigations 
 
In the ordinary course of business, the Bank is subject to legal actions and complaints, however in accordance 
with the Agreement on Incorporation the Bank possesses immunity against any legal proceedings in the 
territories of the Member states, except in cases which do not result from its execution of its powers. 
Management believes that the ultimate liability, if any, arising from such actions or complaints, will not have 
a material adverse effect on the financial conditions of the results of future operations of the Bank. 
 
28. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES 
 
Related parties and transactions with related parties are assessed in accordance with IAS 24 “Related Party 
Disclosures”. As discussed in Note 1, the Bank’s operations include the financing of projects within its 
Member states, which include projects undertaken by governmental entities. Accordingly, the Bank enters 
into numerous transactions with related parties as a result of its ownership by the Member states. The Bank 
decided not to apply the exemption from disclosure of individually insignificant transactions and balances 
with the government and parties that are related to the entity because the member countries has control, joint 
control or significant influence over such party. 
 
 
      F-66

--- Page 285 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
60 
28. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES, CONTINUED 
 
(a) Transactions with key management 
 
The remuneration of key management personnel included in staff costs and other payments to employees 
(including accommodation cost of employees) (Note 10) was as follows: 
 
Year ended 
31 December 2020 
Year ended 
31 December 2019 
Year ended 
31 December 2018 
Related party 
transactions  
Total  
category as 
per financial 
statements 
caption 
 
Related party 
transactions  
Total 
category as 
per financial 
statements 
caption 
 
Related party 
transactions  
Total 
category as 
per financial 
statements 
caption 
Salary expenses and other 
compensation costs 
4,564  
29,197  
6,360  
26,478  
4,255  
18,522 
Retirement savings plan 
expenses 
519  
4,333  
605  
3,565  
407  
2,519 
Accommodation costs of 
employees  
38  
1,965  
60  
1,353  
78  
1,010 
Staff costs and other 
payments to employees 
5,121  
35,495  
7,025  
31,396  
4,740  
22,051 
 
The outstanding balances as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 for transactions with the key management 
personnel are as follows: 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Other non-financial liabilities 
3,189 
 
3,613 
 
1,543 
Retirement savings  
1,883 
 
1,541 
 
851 
 
(b) Transactions with other related parties  
 
According to IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures other related parties of the Bank comprise the Russian 
Federation and the Republic of Kazakhstan, national companies and other organisations controlled by these 
Member states, and the Eurasian Fund for Stabilisation and Development. Russian Federation and Republic 
of Kazakhstan have significant influence over the Bank. At the same time Russian Federation and Republic 
of Kazakhstan have control over companies, which are related parties of the Bank. 
 
The Bank did not use the exemption on disclosure of government related entities.  
 
 
      F-67

--- Page 286 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
61 
28. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Transactions with other related parties, continued  
 
The outstanding balances as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 and related profit or loss amounts of 
transactions for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 with other related parties are as follows: 
 
31 December  
2020 
 
31 December  
2019 
 
31 December  
2018 
Statement of financial position 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents: 
146,095 
279,364 
24,834 
in US dollars 
71,778 
2,218 
1,155 
in Russian rouble 
48,450 
220,878 
13 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
25,661 
16,714 
284 
in Euro 
162 
39,506 
23,362 
in other currencies 
62 
66 
22 
less expected credit losses 
(18) 
(18) 
(2) 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: 
22,646 
2,759 
291 
in US dollars 
22,646 
2,308 
291 
in Russian rouble 
- 
451 
- 
 
 
 
 
Loans and advances to financial institutions: 
36,363 
65,381 
49,298 
in US dollars 
532 
1,151 
705 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
24,892 
25,839 
26,246 
in Euro 
11,259 
38,839 
22,390 
less expected credit losses 
(320) 
(448) 
(43) 
 
 
 
 
Loans to customers: 
699,071 
890,202 
832,448 
in US dollars 
43,929 
227,000 
256,306 
in Russian rouble 
216,492 
239,337 
214,150 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
108,591 
164,774 
145,041 
in Euro 
334,400 
266,573 
223,012 
less expected credit losses 
(4,341) 
(7,482) 
(6,061) 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income: 
1,105,921 
955,044 
621,373 
in US dollars 
328,965 
336,411 
396,537 
in Russian rouble 
137,945 
106,710 
134,491 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
550,915 
513,852 
91,755 
in Euro 
93,601 
- 
- 
less expected credit losses 
(5,505) 
(1,929) 
(1,410) 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities at amortised cost: 
225,414 
- 
- 
in US dollars 
190,416 
- 
- 
in Euro 
35,272 
- 
- 
less expected credit losses 
(274) 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
Investments in associates 
17,260 
20,131 
- 
in Russian rouble 
17,260 
20,131 
- 
 
 
 
 
Other assets: 
7,009 
8,778 
1,518 
in US dollars 
3,508 
8,765 
1,438 
in Russian rouble 
13 
13 
80 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
14 
- 
- 
in Euro 
3,474 
- 
- 
 
 
      F-68

--- Page 287 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
62 
28. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Transactions with other related parties, continued  
 
As at and for the 
year ended 31 
December 2020 
 
As at and for the 
year ended 31 
December 2019 
 
As at and for the 
year ended 31 
December 2018 
Statement of financial position 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks: 
272,174 
264,569 
64,440 
in US dollars 
- 
25,000 
- 
in Russian rouble 
35,111 
8 
21,202 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
237,056 
138,558 
43,238 
in Euro 
7 
101,003 
- 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss: 
632 
5,432 
1,027 
in US dollars 
632 
4,646 
1,027 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
- 
786 
- 
 
 
 
 
Deposits from customers: 
173,639 
150,666 
8 
in US dollars 
58,096 
57,887 
8 
in Russian rouble 
84 
- 
- 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
115,459 
92,779 
- 
 
 
 
 
Hedge instruments: 
- 
632 
- 
in US dollars 
- 
632 
- 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities issued: 
556,634 
744,219 
487,644 
in Russian rouble 
243,546 
442,819 
227,394 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
313,088 
301,400 
260,250 
 
 
 
 
Other liabilities: 
1,159 
1,778 
200 
in US dollars 
186 
793 
168 
in Russian rouble 
669 
678 
22 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
201 
91 
10 
in Euro 
103 
216 
- 
 
 
 
 
Guarantees received: 
244,674 
380,733 
379,571 
in US dollars 
3,839 
265,978 
193,338 
in Russian rouble 
207,864 
25,563 
87,620 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
32,971 
89,192 
98,613 
 
 
 
 
Commitments: 
515,751 
476,871 
423,754 
in US dollars 
150,253 
167,699 
115,687 
in Russian rouble 
261,621 
174,649 
160,322 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
62,865 
48,107 
3,335 
in Euro 
41,012 
86,416 
144,410 
 
 
 
Statement of profit or loss 
 
 
 
Interest income  
144,430 
134,351 
94,586 
Interest expense 
(83,053) 
(77,572) 
(35,800) 
Provision for expected credit losses on interest bearing assets 
(1,201) 
(1,708) 
(6,000) 
Losses from investments in associates 
(2,791) 
- 
- 
Recovery of/(provision for) expected credit losses on 
contingent liabilities and other assets  
5 
(5) 
- 
Net loss from modification and recognition of new financial 
instruments 
- 
(1,072) 
(54) 
Net (loss)/gain on financial assets and liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
(21,967) 
(7,667) 
5,888 
Net realised gain/(loss) on financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
4,094 
(265) 
(1,950) 
Net (loss)/gain on transactions in foreign currencies 
(24,510) 
4,721 
(16,526) 
Fee and commission income 
8,478 
7,563 
4,056 
Fee and commission expense 
(470) 
(153) 
(22) 
Other income 
27 
- 
38 
      F-69

--- Page 288 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
63 
29. SEGMENT REPORTING 
 
Segment performance  
 
Segment information for the geographical segments of the Bank as at and for the year ended  
31 December 2020 is set out below: 
 
Russia 
 Kazakhstan  
Belarus 
 
Other 
 Member 
states 
 
Non-
member 
states 
 
Total 
Interest income  
94,721 
137,208 
20,853 
2,827 
12,960 
268,569 
Interest expense 
(53,542) 
(90,295) 
(25) 
(9) 
(54,324) 
(198,195) 
(Provision for)/recovery of expected credit 
losses on interest bearing assets 
(7,989) 
1,998 
(11,308) 
1,317 
73 
(15,909) 
Net loss on investments in associates 
(2,908) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(2,908) 
Recovery of/(provision for) expected credit 
losses on contingent liabilities and other 
assets 
213 
- 
(57) 
- 
- 
156 
Net (loss)/gain from modification and 
recognition of new financial instruments 
(159) 
352 
- 
- 
- 
193 
Net (loss)/gain on financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(5,984) 
(29,932) 
16 
(28) 
37,876 
1,948 
Net realised gain on financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income 
4,429 
3 
62 
8 
117 
4,619 
Net (loss)/gain on transactions in foreign 
currencies 
(11,734) 
(826) 
(27) 
(8) 
20,896 
8,301 
Fee and commission income 
10,537 
598 
191 
- 
33 
11,359 
Fee and commission expense 
(546) 
(87) 
(5) 
(9) 
(396) 
(1,043) 
Net (loss)/gain on trading with debt securities 
issued 
(308) 
- 
- 
- 
13 
(295) 
Other income 
85 
44 
- 
- 
- 
129 
Net result from financial operations 
26,815 
19,063 
9,700 
4,098 
17,248 
76,924 
Cash and cash equivalents 
206,714 
84,297 
145 
378 
372,306 
663,840 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
27,465 
- 
- 
- 
24,096 
51,561 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
78,501 
24,474 
42,108 
40,392 
- 
185,475 
Loans to customers 
889,196 
651,734 
557,768 
- 
- 
2,098,698 
Financial assets at fair value though other 
comprehensive income 
528,341 
682,113 
31,958 
13,157 
1,005,481 
2,261,050 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
258,838 
35,659 
- 
- 
- 
294,497 
Investments in associates 
17,236 
24 
- 
- 
- 
17,260 
Property, equipment and intangible assets 
498 
10,698 
9 
49 
- 
11,254 
Other assets 
9,039 
2,027 
498 
293 
4,183 
16,040 
Total assets 
2,015,828 
1,491,026 
632,486 
54,269 
1,406,066 
5,599,675 
Total liabilities 
743,561 
1,088,259 
769 
11,800 
1,873,148 
3,717,537 
Contingent liabilities and credit 
commitments, gross 
593,671 
476,190 
324,858 
64,474 
- 
1,459,193 
Capital expenditure 
215 
455 
- 
7 
- 
677 
Depreciation and amortisation 
223 
1231 
5 
22 
- 
1,481 
 
Segment performance information is presented to the management of the Bank for decision making in the 
way it is disclosed above. The Bank believes that more detailed disclosure of segment information will not 
have significant impact on segment performance of the Bank. 
 
 
      F-70

--- Page 289 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
64 
29. SEGMENT REPORTING, CONTINUED 
 
Segment performance, continued 
 
Segment information for the geographical segments of the Bank as at and for the year ended  
31 December 2019 is set out below: 
 
Russia 
 Kazakhstan  
Belarus 
 
Other 
 Member 
states 
 
Non-
member 
states 
 
Total 
Interest income  
115,370 
106,086 
13,405 
2,942 
27,225 
265,028 
Interest expense 
(52,588) 
(74,924) 
(13) 
(2) 
(41,170) 
(168,697) 
(Provision for)/recovery of expected credit 
losses on interest bearing assets 
(4,745) 
2,070 
(2,429) 
(1,058) 
(32) 
(6,194) 
(Provision for)/recovery of expected credit 
losses on contingent liabilities and other 
assets 
(691) 
89 
- 
- 
- 
(602) 
Net loss from modification and recognition of 
new financial instruments 
(688) 
(2,748) 
- 
- 
- 
(3,436) 
Net (loss)/gain on financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(87) 
(8,961) 
(381) 
30 
(26,415) 
(35,814) 
Net realised gain on financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income 
93 
364 
- 
- 
89 
546 
Net gain/(loss) on transactions in foreign 
currencies 
30,873 
27,600 
(4) 
(8) 
(5,387) 
53,074 
Fee and commission income 
8,155 
465 
40 
15 
50 
8,725 
Fee and commission expense 
(233) 
(83) 
(5) 
(6) 
(128) 
(455) 
Net gain on trading with debt securities issued 
24 
- 
- 
- 
- 
24 
Other income 
2 
44 
- 
- 
- 
46 
Net result from financial operations 
95,485 
50,002 
10,613 
1,913 
(45,768) 
112,245 
Cash and cash equivalents 
345,908 
19,825 
13,580 
146 
385,685 
765,144 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
6,567 
2,759 
- 
30 
661 
10,017 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
78,495 
60,505 
84,204 
43,094 
- 
266,298 
Loans to customers 
1,044,024 
704,256 
192,589 
19,135 
- 
1,960,004 
Financial assets at fair value though other 
comprehensive income 
463,513 
591,370 
15,359 
15,567 
1,020,490 
2,106,299 
Investments in associates 
20,131 
- 
- 
- 
- 
20,131 
Property, equipment and intangible assets 
462 
11,518 
13 
64 
- 
12,057 
Other assets 
8,072 
2,480 
124 
471 
9,667 
20,814 
Total assets 
1,967,172 
1,392,713 
305,869 
78,507 
1,416,503 
5,160,764 
Total liabilities 
1,139,959 
997,061 
174 
5,288 
1,168,286 
3,310,768 
Contingent liabilities and credit 
commitments, gross 
703,801 
521,443 
156,290 
83,861 
- 
1,465,395 
Capital expenditure 
260 
737 
14 
21 
- 
1,032 
Depreciation and amortisation 
182 
1,072 
3 
21 
- 
1,278 
      F-71

--- Page 290 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
65 
29. SEGMENT REPORTING, CONTINUED 
 
Segment performance, continued 
 
Segment information for the geographical segments of the Bank as at and for the year ended  
31 December 2018 is set out below: 
 
Russia 
 Kazakhstan  
Belarus 
 
Other 
 Member 
states 
 
Non-
member 
states 
 
Total 
Interest income  
90,288 
92,191 
16,681 
2,574 
9,304 
211,038 
Interest expense 
(32,004) 
(34,744) 
- 
(7)
(48,124)
(114,879)
(Provision for)/recovery of expected credit 
losses on interest bearing assets 
(5,755) 
(9,015) 
9,000 
(1,058)
4 
(6,824)
Provision for expected credit losses on 
contingent liabilities and other assets 
(79) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(79)
Net loss from modification and recognition of 
new financial instruments 
- 
(425) 
- 
(54)
- 
(479)
Net gain/(loss) on financial assets and 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
6,182 
1,357 
- 
(301)
20,861 
28,099 
Net realised (loss)/gain on financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
(1,821) 
14 
- 
(11)
(98)
(1,916)
Net (loss)/gain on transactions in foreign 
currencies 
(12,041) 
5,342 
(3) 
(4)
(13,916)
(20,622)
Fee and commission income 
4,120 
140 
10 
- 
80 
4,350 
Fee and commission expense 
(390) 
(47) 
- 
(3)
(144)
(584)
Net loss on trading with debt securities issued 
(8) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(8)
Other income 
4 
398 
125 
4 
- 
531 
Net result from financial operations 
48,496 
55,211 
25,813 
1,140 
(32,033)
98,627 
Cash and cash equivalents 
420,943 
41,601 
128 
196 
178,302 
641,170 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
17,169 
- 
- 
- 
- 
17,169 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
67,912 
49,212 
74,536 
53,850 
- 
245,510 
Loans to customers 
834,539 
675,607 
138,826 
1,318 
- 
1,650,290 
Financial assets at fair value though other 
comprehensive income 
525,153 
187,405 
- 
4,111 
422,672 
1,139,341 
Hedging instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
86 
86 
Property, equipment and intangible assets 
385 
11,851 
2 
66 
- 
12,304 
Other assets 
2,687 
1,667 
25 
28 
189 
4,596 
Total assets 
1,868,788 
967,343 
213,517 
59,569 
601,249 
3,710,466 
Total liabilities 
530,192 
718,674 
11 
4,009 
719,600 
1,972,486 
Contingent liabilities and credit 
commitments, gross 
632,176 
368,307 
99,987 
160,807 
- 
1,261,277 
Capital expenditure 
337 
1,166 
- 
63 
- 
1,566 
Depreciation and amortisation 
176 
1,002 
2 
13 
- 
1,193 
      F-72

--- Page 291 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
66 
29. SEGMENT REPORTING, CONTINUED 
 
Segment performance, continued 
 
The Bank operates in the Russian Federation, the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Republic of Belarus and other 
countries. In presenting geographical information the allocation of revenue is based on the geographical 
location of customers and assets. Operating segments are components that engage in business activities that 
may earn revenues or incur expenses, whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating 
decision maker (CODM), and for which discrete financial information is available. The functions of the 
CODM are performed by the Management Board of the Bank. 
 
External operating income, assets, liabilities and capital expenditure have generally been allocated based on 
the domicile of the counterparty. Tangible assets (cash on hand, premises and equipment) have been 
allocated based on the country in which they are physically held. 
 
There are no intersegment revenues. Information on major customers is disclosed in Note 15. 
 
The table below provides a reconciliation between the amounts of net result from financial operations 
disclosed in segment performance tables and net profit of the Bank: 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2020 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2019 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
2018 
Net result from financial operations 
76,924 
112,245 
98,627 
Operating expenses 
(44,335) 
(43,023) 
(32,026) 
Technical Assistance Fund expenses, net 
(7) 
(245) 
(156) 
Net profit 
32,582 
68,977 
66,445 
 
For the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, there were no loans to customers with interest 
income exceeding 10% of total interest income.  
 
The Bank also allocates assets and liabilities in investment and treasury portfolios, which is another segment 
reporting form. Refer to Note 30 (b) (iii).   
 
 
30. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
(a) Determining fair values 
 
Fair value is defined as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction 
between knowledgeable willing parties in an arm’s length transaction, other than in forced or liquidation sale. 
The estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Bank could realise in a 
market exchange from the sale of its full holdings of a particular instrument. 
 
The determination of fair value for financial assets and liabilities for which there is no observable market 
price requires the use of valuation techniques as described in accounting policy 3(b) (i). For financial 
instruments that trade infrequently and have little price transparency, fair value is less objective and requires 
varying degrees of judgment depending on liquidity, concentration, uncertainty of market factors, pricing 
assumptions and other risks affecting the specific instrument. 
 
 
 
      F-73

--- Page 292 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
67 
30. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Valuation of financial instruments 
 
The Bank measures fair values using the following fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the 
inputs used in making the measurements: 
 
- 
Level 1: quoted market price (unadjusted) in an active market for an identical instrument.  
- 
Level 2: inputs other than quotes prices included within Level 1 that are observable either directly (i.e. 
as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). This category includes instruments valued using: 
quoted market prices in active markets for similar instruments; quoted prices for similar instruments in 
markets that are considered less than active; or other valuation techniques where all significant inputs 
are directly or indirectly observable from market data. 
- 
Level 3: inputs that are unobservable. This category includes all instruments where the valuation 
technique includes inputs not based on observable data and the unobservable inputs have a significant 
effect on the instrument’s valuation. This category includes instruments that are valued based on quoted 
prices for similar instruments where significant unobservable adjustments or assumptions are required 
to reflect differences between the instruments.  
 
Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are traded in active markets are based on quoted 
market prices or dealer price quotations. For all other financial instruments, the Bank determines fair value 
using valuation techniques. 
 
Valuation techniques include net present value and discounted cash flow models and comparison to similar 
instruments for which market observable prices exist. Assumptions and inputs used in valuation techniques 
include risk-free and benchmark interest rates, credit spreads and other observable information used in 
estimating discount rates, bond and equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates. The objective of 
valuation techniques is to arrive at a fair value determination that reflects the price of the financial instrument 
at the reporting date, that would have been determined by market participants acting in an arm’s length 
transaction. For inputs and sensitivities refer to Note 16. 
 
The Bank uses widely recognised valuation models for determining the fair value of common and more 
simple financial instruments, like interest rate and currency swaps that use only observable market data and 
require little management judgment and estimation. Observable prices and model inputs are usually 
available in the market for listed debt securities, exchange traded derivatives and simple over the counter 
derivatives like interest rate swaps. Availability of observable market prices and model inputs reduces the 
need for management judgment and estimation and also reduces the uncertainty associated with 
determination of fair values. Availability of observable market prices and inputs varies depending on the 
products and markets and is prone to changes based on specific events and general conditions in the financial 
markets. 
 
Instruments involving significant unobservable inputs are presented by certain securities for which there is 
no active market. Valuation models that employ significant unobservable inputs require a higher degree of 
management judgment and estimation are usually required for selection of the appropriate valuation model 
to be used, determination of expected future cash flows on the financial instrument being valued, 
determination of probability of counterparty default and prepayments and selection of appropriate discount 
rates. 
 
 
 
      F-74

--- Page 293 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
68 
30. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Valuation of financial instruments, continued 
 
The table below analyses financial instruments measured at fair value at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, 
by the level in the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorised. The amounts 
are based on the values recognised in the statement of financial position: 
 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
As at  
31 December  
2020  
Total 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss: 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives 
- 
24,109 
- 
24,109 
Equity instruments 
- 
22,634 
4,818 
27,452 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income: 
 
 
 
 
Equity instruments, initially recognized at 
fair value through other comprehensive 
income, in Treasury portfolio 
- 
22,594 
- 
22,594 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio 
1,418,628 
187,920 
- 
1,606,548 
Debt instruments in Investment portfolio 
- 
631,903 
5 
631,908 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss: 
Derivatives 
- 
(5,001) 
- 
(5,001) 
 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
As at  
31 December  
2019  
Total 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss: 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives 
- 
3,450 
- 
3,450 
Equity instruments 
- 
- 
6,567 
6,567 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income: 
 
 
 
 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio 
964,121 
549,839 
- 
1,513,960 
Debt instruments in Investment portfolio 
- 
592,334 
5 
592,339 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss: 
Derivatives 
- 
(26,955) 
- 
(26,955) 
 
 
 
 
Hedging instruments 
- 
(1,616) 
- 
(1,616) 
 
 
 
      F-75

--- Page 294 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
69 
30. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, CONTINUED 
 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
As at  
31 December  
2018  
Total 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives 
- 
291 
- 
291 
Equity instruments 
- 
- 
16,878 
16,878 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income: 
 
 
 
 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio 
620,096 
292,402 
- 
912,498 
Debt instruments in Investment portfolio 
- 
226,840 
3 
226,843 
Hedging instruments 
- 
86 
- 
86 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss: 
Derivatives 
- 
(3,329) 
- 
(3,329) 
Hedging instruments 
- 
(521) 
- 
(521) 
 
(b) Valuation of financial instruments, continued 
 
The following table shows reconciliation for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 for fair 
value measurements in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy: 
 
Level 3 
Year ended 
31 December  
2020 
 
Year ended 
31 December  
2019 
 
Year ended 
31 December  
2018 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at beginning of the year 
6,567 
16,878 
- 
Transfer from financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income on adoption of IFRS 9 (refer to Note 
12) 
- 
- 
19,814 
(Redemption)/purchase of new instruments, net 
(190) 
(10,076) 
539 
Interest income received 
- 
(38) 
(172) 
Losses less gains from equity securities at fair value through 
profit or loss 
(1,559) 
(197) 
(3,303) 
Balance at end of the year 
4,818 
6,567 
16,878 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income  
 
 
 
Balance at the beginning of the year 
5 
3 
20,229 
Transfer to financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
category on adoption of IFRS 9 (refer to Note 12) 
- 
- 
(19,814) 
Effect of IFRS 9 adoption 
- 
- 
(253) 
Interest income accrued 
- 
2 
- 
Impairment loss 
- 
- 
(71) 
Revaluation 
- 
- 
(88) 
Balance at end of the year 
5 
5 
3 
 
The Bank uses different methodologies to value the assets at Level 3 such as a “book value to equity 
multiplier or discounted cash flow” approach. Under any scenario the above estimates are sensitive to 
changes in the market parameters and future expectations and may result in a change of the carrying amount 
of the investments by 10 or more percent within a one-year horizon. 
 
The Bank believes that the carrying amount of loans and advances to financial institutions represents their 
fair value. The Bank is a development financial organization and, thus, most of the loans are unique and 
interest rates are specific for each project. The Bank and its customers have contractual rights to review 
interest rates according to changes on financial markets. Due to such changes in market environment (not 
credit-related) some of the financial instruments of the Bank had changes in interest rate and/or were 
modified.  
 
 
      F-76

--- Page 295 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
70 
30. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Valuation of financial instruments, continued 
 
The table below analyses the fair value of financial instruments not measured at fair value, by the level in 
the fair value hierarchy into which each fair value measurement is categorised as at  
31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
Total fair 
value 
 
Total carrying 
amount 
Financial assets 
  
  
  
  
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
  
  
  
  
 
Cash and balances with national (central) banks of 
Member states of the Bank 
-  
-  
1,146  
1,146  
1,146 
Correspondent accounts with other banks 
-  
-  
135,213  
135,213  
135,213 
Term deposits in other banks 
-  
377,457  
-  
377,457  
377,457 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
-  
150,024  
-  
150,024  
150,024 
Total cash and cash equivalents 
-  
 527,481  
 136,359  
 663,840  
663,840 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
-  
-  
187,710  
187,710  
185,475 
Loans to customers 
-  
-  
2,169,905  
2,169,905  
2,098,698 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
-  
295,727  
-  
295,727  
294,497 
Other financial assets 
-  
-  
9,098  
9,098  
9,098 
  
  
  
  
 
Financial liabilities 
  
  
  
  
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
  
  
  
  
 
Correspondent accounts of other banks 
-  
-  
13,151  
13,151  
13,151 
Deposits from banks 
-  
-  
149,909  
149,909  
149,909 
Loans from banks 
-  
-  
613,067  
613,067  
634,147 
Loans under repurchase agreements: 
  
  
  
  
 
in Euro 
-  
-  
649,656  
649,656  
649,656 
in Russian rouble 
-  
-  
110,708  
110,708  
110,708 
in Kazakhstani tenge  
-  
-  
2,541  
2,541  
2,541 
Total loans and deposits from banks 
-  
-  
1,539,032  
1,539,032  
1,560,112 
Deposits from customers 
  
  
  
  
 
Current accounts: 
  
  
  
  
 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
-  
-  
121,574  
121,574  
121,574 
in US dollars 
-  
-  
46,096  
46,096  
46,096 
in Euro 
-  
-  
412  
412  
412 
in Russian rouble 
-  
-  
319  
319  
319 
Deposits from customers: 
  
  
  
  
 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
-  
-  
88,586  
88,586  
90,343 
in US dollars 
-  
-  
65,731  
65,731  
65,685 
in Russian rouble 
-  
-  
43,023  
43,023  
42,916 
in Euro 
-  
-  
24,253  
24,253  
24,253 
Deposits from customers 
-  
-  
389,994  
389,994  
391,598 
Debt securities issued 
  
  
  
  
 
in US dollars 
-  
625,651  
-  
625,651  
611,968 
in Russian rouble 
-  
625,588  
-  
625,588  
624,685 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
-  
470,866  
-  
470,866  
482,899 
Total debt securities issued 
-  
1,722,105  
-  
1,722,105  
1,719,552 
Other financial liabilities 
-  
-  
7,516  
7,516  
7,516 
 
 
 
      F-77

--- Page 296 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
71 
30. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Valuation of financial instruments, continued 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
Total fair 
value 
 
Total carrying 
amount 
Financial assets 
  
  
  
  
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
  
  
  
  
 
Cash and balances with national (central) banks of 
Member states of the Bank 
-  
-  
499  
499  
499 
Correspondent accounts with other banks 
-  
-  
29,553  
29,553  
29,553 
Term deposits in other banks 
-  
-  
478,709  
478,709  
478,709 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
-  
256,383  
-  
256,383  
256,383 
Total cash and cash equivalents 
-  
256,383  
508,761  
765,144  
765,144 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
  
  
  
  
 
Loans to financial institutions 
-  
-  
231,613  
231,613  
231,613 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
-  
34,685  
-  
34,685  
34,685 
Total loans and advances to financial institutions 
-  
34,685  
231,613  
266,298  
266,298 
Loans to customers 
-  
-  
1,960,004  
1,960,004  
1,960,004 
Other financial assets 
-  
-  
10,868  
10,868  
10,868 
  
  
  
  
 
Financial liabilities 
  
  
  
  
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
  
  
  
  
 
Correspondent accounts of other banks 
-  
-  
3,611  
3,611  
3,611 
Deposits from banks 
-  
-  
41,185  
41,185  
41,185 
Loans from banks 
-  
-  
453,529  
453,529  
453,529 
Loans under repurchase agreements: 
  
  
  
  
 
in Euro 
-  
-  
147,458  
147,458  
147,458 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
-  
-  
94,692  
94,692  
94,692 
Total loans and deposits from banks 
-  
-  
740,475  
740,475  
740,475 
Deposits from customers 
  
  
  
  
 
Current accounts: 
  
  
  
  
 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
-  
-  
113,496  
113,496  
113,496 
in US dollars 
-  
-  
25,210  
25,210  
25,210 
in Russian rouble 
-  
-  
1,925  
1,925  
1,925 
in Euro 
-  
-  
516  
516  
516 
Deposits from customers: 
  
  
  
  
 
in US dollars 
-  
-  
104,099  
104,099  
104,099 
in Russian rouble 
-  
-  
31,582  
31,582  
31,582 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
-  
-  
20,515  
20,515  
20,515 
in Euro 
-  
-  
1  
1  
1 
Deposits from customers 
-  
-  
297,344  
297,344  
297,344 
Debt securities issued 
  
  
  
  
 
in US dollars 
-  
826,944  
-  
826,944  
804,674 
in Russian rouble 
-  
882,283  
-  
882,283  
888,906 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
-  
516,190  
-  
516,190  
515,748 
Total debt securities issued 
- 
 
2,225,417  
-  
2,225,417  
2,209,328 
Other financial liabilities 
-  
-  
9,854  
9,854  
9,854 
      F-78

--- Page 297 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
72 
30. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Valuation of financial instrument, continued 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
Level 1 
 
Level 2 
 
Level 3 
 
Total fair 
value 
 
Total carrying 
amount 
Financial assets 
  
  
  
  
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
  
  
  
  
 
Cash and balances with national (central) banks 
of Member states of the Bank 
-  
-  
540  
540  
540 
Correspondent accounts with other banks 
-  
-  
36,779  
36,779  
36,779 
Term deposits in other banks 
-  
-  
166,922  
166,922  
166,922 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
-  
436,929  
-  
436,929  
436,929 
Total cash and cash equivalents 
-  
436,929  
204,241  
641,170  
641,170 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
  
  
  
  
 
Loans to financial institutions 
-  
-  
222,510  
222,510  
222,510 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
-  
23,000  
-  
23,000  
23,000 
Total loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
-  
23,000  
222,510  
245,510  
245,510 
Loans to customers 
-  
-  
1,650,290  
1,650,290  
1,650,290 
Other financial assets 
-  
-  
2,842  
2,842  
2,842 
  
  
  
  
 
Financial liabilities 
  
  
  
  
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
  
  
  
  
 
Deposits from banks 
-  
-  
68,810  
68,810  
68,810 
Loans from banks 
-  
-  
108,999  
108,999  
108,999 
Loans under repurchase agreements: 
  
  
  
  
 
in Russian rouble 
-  
-  
17,970  
17,970  
17,970 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
-  
-  
43,238  
43,238  
43,238 
in Armenian dram 
-  
-  
3,914  
3,914  
3,914 
Total loans and deposits from banks 
-  
-  
242,931  
242,931  
242,931 
Deposits from customers 
  
  
  
  
 
Current accounts: 
  
  
  
  
 
in US dollars 
-  
-  
13,342  
13,342  
13,342 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
-  
-  
56,307  
56,307  
56,307 
in Russian rouble 
-  
-  
8  
8  
8 
Deposits from customers: 
  
  
  
  
 
in US dollars 
-  
-  
82,669  
82,669  
82,669 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
-  
-  
24,819  
24,819  
24,819 
Deposits from customers 
-  
-  
177,145  
177,145  
177,145 
Debt securities issued 
  
  
  
  
 
in US dollars 
-  
596,412  
-  
596,412  
588,613 
in Russian rouble 
-  
494,710  
-  
494,710  
498,325 
in Kazakhstani tenge 
-  
438,335  
-  
438,335  
438,848 
Total debt securities issued 
-  
1,529,457  
-  
1,529,457  
1,525,786 
Other financial liabilities 
-  
-  
2,767  
2,767  
2,767 
 
 
 
      F-79

--- Page 298 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
73 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT  
 
(a) Risk management organisational structure 
 
The Bank’s operations are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond its control, including risks 
relating to changes in equity or commodity prices, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, declines in liquidity 
and deterioration in the credit quality of its loan and treasury portfolios. It arises due to insufficiency and 
asymmetry of data, non-linear and contradictory nature of economical and other processes, random elements, 
etc. The Bank monitors and manages the maturities of its loans, its interest rate and exchange rate exposures, 
its liquidity position and the credit quality of each financial asset in Investment portfolio in order to minimise 
the effects of changes in them on the Bank’s financial position.  
 
Risk management is conducted by (i) the Council, (ii) the Management Board, (iii) the Assets and Liabilities 
Management Committee (“ALMC”), (iv) the Credit Committee, (v) Investment activity Committee, (vi) the 
Credit and risk management department, (vii) Assets and liabilities management division, (viii) other 
departments of the Bank which together are responsible for devising and implementing the Bank’s risk 
management policies, including credit, market, operational and liquidity risks. The basic credit policy of the 
Bank is set out in, and governed by, the Charter and also by the “Investment Regulations” which is fundamental 
and strategic document of the Bank, which allows it to manage its credit risks. Other internal guidelines to 
manage risks are contained in the internal guidelines regulation. For changes in risk management procedures 
related to implementation of IFRS 9, refer to Note 3 (o), (p). 
 
(i) The Council  
 
The Council participates in the risk management of the Bank by:  
 
- 
determining major direction of business and the strategy of the Bank; 
- 
approving the Bank’s investment projects within its limits in accordance with the Investment regulations;  
- 
approving the Bank’s investment projects within its limits in accordance with the internal and financial 
ratios regulations; and  
- 
approving planned annual budget for upcoming year.  
 
(ii) The Management Board  
 
The Management Board is responsible for the overall supervision of risk management of the Bank, 
including:  
 
- 
development and realization of Bank’s activity programme, including Investment activity, aimed at 
achieving strategic goals of the Bank; 
- 
approving risk management rules and regulations of the Bank, including interaction guidelines for 
different departments of the Bank;  
- 
approving the Bank’s investment projects within its limits in accordance with the Investment regulations; 
- 
approving the Bank’s investment projects within its limits in accordance with the internal and financial 
ratios regulations; and  
- 
creation of collective bodies/committees of the Bank and approving their capabilities.  
 
 
      F-80

--- Page 299 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
74 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(a) Risk management organisational structure, continued 
 
(iii) Assets and Liabilities Management Committee  
 
ALMC is a permanent collective body reporting to the Management Board which is responsible for setting 
and managing the Bank’s assets and liabilities management policy, liquidity policy and market risk policy. 
Also ALMC is responsible for the profitability of the Bank.  
 
(iv) Credit Committee  
 
The Credit Committee is a permanent collective body reporting to the Management Board which reviews 
each investment project and makes decisions within its limits. Investment projects beyond Credit Committee 
limits are reviewed and recommendation for Management Board must be made. 
 
(v) Investment activity Committee  
 
Investment activity Committee is a permanent collective body reporting to the Management Board which 
reviews and makes recommendations on general management of Investment portfolio. 
 
(vi) Credit and risk management department 
 
The credit and risk management department is responsible for: 
 
proposing risk management policies for approval by the Management Board. In addition, the credit and risk 
management department monitors the implementation of the Bank’s risk management techniques, policies and 
guidelines and is also responsible for:  
 
- 
analysing the credit risk of each individual investment project proposal and making recommendations to 
the Credit Committee how to maximally reduce associated credit risks; 
- 
administrating and monitoring each investment project; 
- 
analysing counterparties risk for treasury operations and monitoring compliance with limits; 
- 
loan and other financial assets classification and provision for expected losses; 
- 
conducting stress-testing of of the Bank's risk positions; 
- 
producing and presentation of analytical information on the risk management to collective bodies of the 
Bank. 
 
(vii) Assets and liabilities management division 
 
Assets and liabilities management division is responsible for the evaluation and monitoring of interest rate and 
liquidity risks, including gap-analysis of these risks, and preparation of management reports and 
recommendations. 
 
 
 
 
      F-81

--- Page 300 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
75 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Credit risk 
 
Credit risk is a possibility of financial losses, emerging from non-fulfillment of contractual obligations by 
the borrowers/issuers. The sources of credit risk are Investment portfolio of the Bank, comprised of 
loans/credit lines to borrowers, and Treasury portfolio, comprised of securities, inter-bank loans, reverse 
REPO operations and other financial instruments. 
 
Management of credit risk is performed by the Council, the Management Board, ALMC, Credit Committee 
and Investment activity Committee of the Bank. These groups manage credit risk primarily through the 
reconciliation and approval issuance of investment projects and other propositions only within set limits.  
 
The Council of the Bank determines the credentials of the Management Board of the Bank. The Bank's 
Management Board has the right to approve projects on a group of associated borrowers with a maximum 
exposure of 100 million US dollars. In cases where the credit exposure exceeds the limit, the Council of the 
Bank is responsible for the approval of the project.  
 
The Bank pays close attention to control credit concentration risks. In accordance with the internal limits 
the maximum credit exposure on a single borrower or a group of associated borrowers cannot be more than 
25 per cent of the Bank's equity.  
 
For the purpose of effective credit risk management, employees of relevant departments of the Bank are 
included in the Credit Committee and participate in the process of considering loan applications. Based on 
the presentation and preliminary decision of the Credit Committee, either the Management Board or the 
Council of the Bank within the limits of their powers, reviews and approves investment projects and makes 
decisions on any changes and addenda to the existing loan agreements. 
 
The ALMC sets limits by determining the maximum credit exposure on individual counterparties/issuers 
within Treasury activity of the Bank. 
 
(i) Credit risk in the investment project financing 
 
The Bank sets investment project financing as its core activity. Hence, credit risk management is a major 
and integral part of activities of the Bank and the major risk that the Bank is exposed to. 
 
The Bank estimates that the major components of credit risk in real sector investment project finance are: 
 
- 
project risks; 
- 
operational risks; 
- 
market and industry risks; 
- 
currency and interest rate risks; 
- 
country risks; 
- 
compliance risks; 
- 
collateral risks;  
- 
legal risks; and 
- 
social and ecological risks. 
 
The process of credit risk management in investment project finance consists of identification of potential 
risks, analysis of the risks, management and control of revealed risks.  
 
 
      F-82

--- Page 301 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
76 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Credit risk, continued 
  
(i) Credit risk in the investment project financing, continued 
 
During the identification phase, the Bank reveals all components of credit risk associated with a particular 
project.  
 
A further analysis of identified risks via quantity and/or quality methods is performed to determine the 
probability of risk events occurrence (risk level) and possible consequences (financial losses). At this stage 
for each project the Bank prepares a sensitivity analysis to macro economical and other parameters, analysis 
of borrowers’ industries to identify if there could be any risks due to current or possible negative market 
trends. Taking into account identified risks the Bank evaluates financial condition of borrowers and their 
debt servicing abilities. 
 
Risk identification and control is aimed at minimising the credit risks of the Bank while providing necessary 
rate of return. The Bank developed and implemented the following action plan to protect its financial assets 
from impairment: 
 
- 
risk sharing due to co-participation with other financial institutions and project founders; 
- 
proposals of economical hedging strategies; 
- 
optimisation of financing structure; 
- 
optimisation of collateral structure; and 
- 
monitoring of industry trends and the project realisation to anticipate potential future problems. 
 
(ii) Credit risk in the treasury portfolio 
 
In order to form the treasury portfolio, the Bank has restrictions to invest its available funds, including 
borrowed funds and its equity capital, in securities of issuers having a long-term credit rating not less than 
ВВ-\Ва3\ВВ- or the equivalent assigned by Fitch Ratings \ Moody’s Investors Service \ S&P Global 
Ratings, respectively, or under unconditional guarantees of the respective issuers. By decision of the 
Management Board, the Bank may invest available funds in sovereign securities issued by the Member 
States with long-term credit rating of not less than В-\В3\В- assigned by Fitch Ratings \ Moody’s Investors 
Service \ S&P Global Ratings, respectively. 
 
If available funds are placed in a financial institution, such financial institution must have a long-term credit 
rating not less than В\В2\В or the equivalent assigned by Fitch Ratings \ Moody’s Investors Service \ S&P 
Global Ratings, respectively. If funds are being placed with a financial institution subsidiary, it is not 
necessary for the financial institution subsidiary to have a credit rating provided that the parent financial 
institution has a credit rating not less than А\А2\А or the equivalent assigned by Fitch Ratings \ Moody’s 
Investors Service \ S&P Global Ratings, respectively. 
 
 
      F-83

--- Page 302 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
77 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
 (b) Credit risk, continued 
 
(iii) Assets allocation in portfolios 
 
The Bank separates its assets into two portfolios which are the investment portfolio and the treasury 
portfolio. The purpose of this separation is to provide management of the Bank with the information about 
the portfolios’ assets structure as these portfolios pursue different aims of the Bank and are managed 
differently. For each of the portfolios the Management Board of the Bank reviews internal management 
reports on at least a monthly basis. The following summary describes the operations in each of the portfolios: 
 
- 
Assets in the treasury portfolio are intended to protect the share capital of the Bank from the influence 
of risk factors, and also to maintain a sufficient level of liquidity. Assets in treasury portfolio are managed 
in accordance with the Investment declaration, the Market and treasury risks management rules and 
internal guidelines regulation, which set forth strategy, structure and principles for the treasury portfolio. 
These assets are managed by the Treasury department, overviewed and controlled by the Assets and 
Liabilities Management Committee. The credit and risk management department supervises compliance 
with investment limits. 
- 
Assets in the investment portfolio pursue the strategic objectives of the Bank of development of the 
market economy and integration in its Member states. These assets must conform with the Investment 
regulations, which set out the main principles that guide the Bank when considering investment projects. 
Origination and acquisition of these assets must be approved by the Credit Committee, the Management 
Board and, in certain cases, the Council of the Bank. 
 
Performance is measured based on structure and quality of assets in respective portfolios as included in the 
internal management reports.  
 
 
      F-84

--- Page 303 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
78 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Credit risk, continued 
 
(iii) Assets allocation in portfolios, continued 
 
Information regarding each portfolio is included below: 
 
Current 
investment 
portfolio 
 
Treasury 
Portfolio 
 
Unallocated* 
 
31 December 
2020 
Total 
Cash and cash equivalents 
- 
663,840 
- 
663,840 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
4,818 
46,743 
- 
51,561 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
186,329 
- 
(854) 
185,475 
Loans to customers 
2,171,589 
- 
 (72,891) 
2,098,698 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
603,532 
1,629,142 
28,376 
2,261,050 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
- 
294,497 
- 
294,497 
Investments in associates 
17,260 
- 
- 
17,260 
Property, equipment and intangible assets 
- 
- 
11,254 
11,254 
Other assets 
- 
- 
16,040 
16,040 
Total assets 
 2,983,528 
2,634,222 
 (18,075) 
5,599,675 
Total liabilities 
- 
925,964 
2,791,573 
3,717,537 
Contingent liabilities and credit commitments, 
gross 
1,437,072 
- 
22,121 
1,459,193 
Total current investment portfolio 
4,420,600 
 
 
 
 
*According to the internal policies, the Bank allocates balance of current investment portfolio based on the nominal 
values, excluding allowances for impairment losses, accrued interest and unamortised premiums and discounts.  
 
Current 
investment 
portfolio 
 
Treasury 
Portfolio 
 
Unallocated* 
 
31 December 
2019 
Total 
Cash and cash equivalents 
- 
765,144 
- 
765,144 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
6,567 
3,450 
- 
10,017 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
232,334 
34,685 
(721) 
266,298 
Loans to customers 
2,031,401 
- 
(71,397) 
1,960,004 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
566,283 
1,513,960 
26,056 
2,106,299 
Investments in associates 
20,131 
- 
- 
20,131 
Property, equipment and intangible assets 
- 
- 
12,057 
12,057 
Other assets 
- 
- 
20,814 
20,814 
Total assets 
2,856,716 
2,317,239 
(13,191) 
5,160,764 
Total liabilities 
- 
315,517 
2,995,251 
3,310,768 
Contingent liabilities and credit commitments, 
gross 
1,465,395 
- 
- 
1,465,395 
Total current investment portfolio 
4,322,111 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      F-85

--- Page 304 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
79 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Credit risk, continued 
 
(iii) Assets allocation in portfolios, continued 
  
Current 
investment 
portfolio 
 
Treasury 
Portfolio 
 
Unallocated* 
 
31 December 
2018 
Total 
Cash and cash equivalents 
- 
641,170 
- 
641,170 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
16,878 
291 
- 
17,169 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
223,479 
23,000 
(969) 
245,510 
Loans to customers 
1,714,385 
- 
(64,095) 
1,650,290 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
225,925 
912,498 
918 
1,139,341 
Hedge instrument 
- 
86 
- 
86 
Property, equipment and intangible assets 
- 
- 
12,304 
12,304 
Other assets 
- 
- 
4,596 
4,596 
Total assets 
2,180,667 
1,577,045 
(47,246) 
3,710,466 
Total liabilities 
- 
137,868 
1,834,618 
1,972,486 
Contingent liabilities and credit commitments, 
gross 
1,261,277 
- 
- 
1,261,277 
Total current investment portfolio 
3,441,944 
 
 
 
 
(iv) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities 
 
The disclosures set out in the tables below include financial assets and financial liabilities that: 
 
- 
are offset in the Bank’s statement of financial position, or 
- 
are subject to an enforceable master arrangements or similar agreements that cover similar financial 
instruments, irrespective of whether they are offset in the statement of financial position. 
 
The similar agreements include derivative agreements and global master repurchase agreements. Similar 
financial instruments include derivatives, sales and repurchase agreements, reverse sale and repurchase 
agreements and securities borrowing and lending agreements. Financial instruments such as loans and 
deposits are not disclosed in the table below unless they are offset in the statement of financial position. 
 
The Bank’s derivative transactions that are not transacted on the exchange are entered into under 
International Derivative Swaps and Dealers Association (“ISDA”) Master Agreements. In general, under 
such agreements the amounts owed by each counterparty that are due on a single day in respect of 
transactions outstanding in the same currency under the agreement are aggregated into a single net amount 
being payable by one party to the other. In the event of an early termination due to a termination event 
and/or, an event of default, all outstanding transactions under the agreement are terminated, the termination 
value is assessed and only a single net amount is due or payable in settlement transactions. 
 
The Bank’s similar financial instruments are covered by global master repurchase agreements with netting 
terms similar to those of ISDA Master Agreements. 
 
 
      F-86

--- Page 305 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
80 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Credit risk, continued 
 
(iv) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities, continued 
 
The above ISDA and similar master arrangements do not meet the offsetting criteria in the statement of 
financial position. This is because they create a right of set-off of recognised amounts that is enforceable 
only following an event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Bank or the counterparties. In addition, 
the Bank and its counterparties do not intend to settle on a net basis or to realise the assets and settle the 
liabilities simultaneously. 
 
The table below shows financial assets and financial liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master 
netting arrangements and similar arrangements as at 31 December 2020:  
 
Types of financial assets/liabilities 
Gross amounts of 
recognised 
financial asset/ 
liability 
 
Net and gross 
amount of 
financial assets/ 
liabilities 
presented in the 
statement of 
financial position  
Related amounts 
not offset in the 
statement of 
financial position 
 
Net  
amount 
Financial 
instruments/ 
collateral  
received 
Derivative assets 
24,109 
24,109 
- 
24,109 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
150,024 
150,024 
(150,024) 
- 
Total financial assets 
174,133 
174,133 
(150,024) 
24,109 
Derivatives liabilities 
(5,001) 
(5,001) 
- 
(5,001) 
Loans under repurchase agreements 
(762,905) 
(762,905) 
762,905 
- 
Total financial liabilities 
(767,906) 
(767,906) 
762,905 
(5,001) 
 
The table below shows financial assets and financial liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master 
netting arrangements and similar arrangements as at 31 December 2019:  
 
Types of financial assets/liabilities 
Gross amounts of 
recognised 
financial asset/ 
liability 
 
Net and gross 
amount of 
financial assets/ 
liabilities 
presented in the 
statement of 
financial position  
Related amounts 
not offset in the 
statement of 
financial position 
 
Net  
amount 
Financial 
instruments/ 
collateral  
received 
Derivative assets 
3,450 
3,450 
- 
3,450 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
256,383 
256,383 
(256,383) 
 - 
Total financial assets 
259,833 
259,833 
(256,383) 
3,450 
Derivatives liabilities 
(26,955) 
(26,955) 
- 
(26,955) 
Hedging instruments 
(1,616) 
(1,616) 
- 
(1,616) 
Loans under repurchase agreements 
(242,150) 
(242,150) 
242,150 
- 
Total financial liabilities 
(270,721) 
(270,721) 
242,150 
 (28,571) 
 
The table below shows financial assets and financial liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master 
netting arrangements and similar arrangements as at 31 December 2018:  
 
 
      F-87

--- Page 306 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
81 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Credit risk, continued 
 
(iv) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities, continued 
 
The table below shows financial assets and financial liabilities subject to offsetting, enforceable master 
netting arrangements and similar arrangements as at 31 December 2018:  
 
Types of financial assets/liabilities 
Gross amounts of 
recognised 
financial asset/ 
liability 
 
Net and gross 
amount of 
financial assets/ 
liabilities 
presented in the 
statement of 
financial position  
Related amounts 
not offset in the 
statement of 
financial position 
 
Net  
amount 
Financial 
instruments/ 
collateral  
received 
Derivative assets 
291 
291 
- 
291 
Hedging instruments 
86 
86 
- 
86 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
436,929 
436,929 
(436,929) 
- 
Total financial assets 
 437,306 
 437,306 
(436,929) 
 377 
Derivatives liabilities 
(3,329) 
(3,329) 
- 
(3,329) 
Hedging instruments 
(521) 
(521) 
- 
(521) 
Loans under repurchase agreements 
(65,122) 
(65,122) 
65,122 
- 
Total financial liabilities 
(68,972) 
(68,972) 
65,122 
 (3,850) 
 
(v) Maximum exposure 
 
The maximum exposure to credit risk is generally reflected in the carrying amounts of financial assets on 
the statement of financial position and unrecognized contractual commitments. The impact of possible 
netting of assets and liabilities to reduce potential credit exposure is not significant.  
 
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is as follows. 
 
31 December   
 2020 
 
31 December   
 2019 
 
31 December   
 2018 
Cash and cash equivalents 
663,840 
 
765,144 
 
641,170 
Derivative assets 
24,109 
 
3,450 
 
291 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
185,475 
 
266,298 
 
245,510 
Loans to customers 
2,098,698 
 
1,960,004 
 
1,650,290 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income  
2,261,050 
 
2,106,299 
 
1,139,341 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
294,497 
 
- 
 
- 
Hedging instruments 
- 
 
- 
 
86 
Other financial assets 
9,098 
 
10,868 
 
2,842 
 
The maximum exposure to credit risk from unrecognized contractual commitments at the reporting date is 
presented in Note 27. 
 
Financial assets are graded according to the current credit rating issued by an internationally regarded 
agency. The highest possible rating is AAA. Investment grade financial assets have ratings from AAA to 
BBB-. Financial assets which have ratings lower than BBB- are classed as speculative grade. 
 
      F-88

--- Page 307 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
82 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(b) Credit risk, continued 
 
(v) Maximum exposure, continued 
 
The following tables detail the credit ratings of financial assets held, except for loans to customers, by the 
Bank as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
AA 
A 
BBB 
<BBB- 
Not 
rated 
31 December 
2020 
Total 
Cash and cash equivalents  
27,919 
352,747 
270,336 
11,869 
969 
663,840 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
- 
24,096 
13 
22,634 
4,818 
51,561 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
- 
- 
346 
176,047 
9,082 
185,475 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
810,696 
194,785 
630,892 
542,606 
82,071 
2,261,050 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
- 
- 
272,742 
21,755 
- 
294,497 
Other financial assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
9,098 
9,098 
 
 
AA 
A 
BBB 
<BBB- 
Not 
rated 
31 December 
2019 
Total 
Cash and cash equivalents  
140,145 
220,353 
331,457 
68,406 
4,783 
765,144 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
- 
661 
2,759 
30 
6,567 
10,017 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
34,685 
- 
- 
231,319 
294 
266,298 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
590,841 
429,135 
493,984 
482,843 
109,496 
2,106,299 
Other financial assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
10,868 
10,868 
 
 
AA 
A 
BBB 
<BBB- 
Not 
rated 
31 December 
2018 
Total 
Cash and cash equivalents  
376 
134,555 
158,768 
338,960 
8,511 
641,170 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
291 
16,878 
17,169 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
23,000 
- 
- 
212,130 
10,380 
245,510 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
204,746 
217,926 
176,742 
529,768 
10,159 
1,139,341 
Hedging instruments 
- 
86 
- 
- 
- 
86 
Other financial assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,842 
2,842 
 
 Loans to customers and financial institutions are made with intention to develop the economies of the 
Member states. Most of the borrowers are not rated by international rating agencies, however, the Bank is 
able to perform specific monitoring of each individual loan. Loans are regularly reviewed by the Bank’s 
Credit Committee. 
 
The banking industry is generally exposed to credit risk through its financial assets and contingent liabilities. 
Credit risk exposure of the Bank is concentrated within the Russian Federation and the Republic of 
Kazakhstan. The exposure is monitored on a regular basis to ensure that the credit limits and credit 
worthiness guidelines established by the Bank’s risk management policy are not breached. 
 
 
 
 
      F-89

--- Page 308 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
83 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(c) Liquidity risk 
 
Liquidity risk is a possibility of financial losses, emerging from insufficiency of funds to fulfil the Bank’s 
financial obligations as they actually fall due. 
 
Liquidity risk arises in the general funding of the Bank’s investment activities and in the management of 
positions. This risk involves both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding the portfolio of 
assets at appropriate maturities and rates and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely 
manner on reasonable terms.  
 
The Bank maintains liquid assets in amount sufficient to ensure that cash can quickly be made available to 
honor all of its obligations, even under adverse conditions. The ALMC is primarily responsible for the 
management of liquidity risk and the liquidity profile of the Bank.  
 
The Council of the Bank set the minimum level of liquid assets in treasury portfolio not less than 1-year 
projected net loan disbursements (loans disbursed less repayments and tied financing), if greater than zero, 
plus the annual cost of financial debt. This limit is reviewed on a quarterly basis.  
 
An amount of liquid assets in treasury portfolio is the sum of assets in treasury portfolio less: (a) derivative 
financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, (b) hedge instruments, (c) assets that were 
deemed as illiquid, (d) treasury liabilities, (e) deposits from customers. Therefore, a fulfillment of the 
Council’s ratio of minimal amount of liquid assets in Treasury portfolio is one of the objectives of liquidity 
management of the Bank.  
 
The monitoring of liquidity risk is done by the Bank on a continuous basis. The ALMC manages this risk 
through analysis of asset and liability maturity. The assets and liabilities management division of the Bank 
monitors liquidity indicators and conducts gap taking in consideration possible changes in a composition of 
assets and liabilities of the Bank. Such analysis is conducted on a semi-monthly basis and is reviewed on 
ALMC meetings. Based on the results of these reviews ALMC makes decisions on liquidity risk 
management, including decisions to borrow funds on financial markets.  
 
 
      F-90

--- Page 309 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
84 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(c) Liquidity risk, continued 
 
An analysis of the liquidity risk, based on the contractual dates of repayment of financial assets and 
liabilities, is presented in the following table. 
 
Weighted 
average 
effective 
interest 
rate 
Up to 
1 month  
1 month to 
3 months  
3 months to 
1 year 
 
1 year to 
5 years 
 
Over 
5 years 
 
31 December 
2020 
Total 
FINANCIAL ASSETS: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
1.11% 
512,475 
15,006 
- 
- 
- 
527,481 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
5.41% 
3,539 
12,316 
94,191 
75,429 
- 
185,475 
Loans to customers 
6.13% 
105,659 
240,180 
200,544 
1,191,855 
360,460 
2,098,698 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
3.86% 
311,012 
499,734 
229,332 
781,827 
439,145 
2,261,050 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
2.01% 
10,881 
472 
1,102 
160,209 
121,833 
294,497 
Total interest bearing financial 
assets 
 
943,566 
767,708 
525,169 
2,209,320 
921,438 
5,367,201 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
136,359 
- 
- 
- 
- 
136,359 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 
393 
27,452 
- 
23,716 
- 
51,561 
Other financial assets 
 
- 
- 
9,098 
- 
- 
9,098 
Total financial assets 
 1,080,318 
795,160 
534,267 
2,233,036 
921,438 
5,564,219 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits  
from banks 
2.81% 
173,378 
99,897 
10,728 
1,069,076 
207,033 
1,560,112 
Deposits from customers 
5.02% 
196,262 
9,771 
120,800 
61,824 
2,941 
391,598 
Debt securities issued* 
6.81% 
6,439 
78,227 
362,672 
1,272,214 
- 
1,719,552 
Other financial 
liabilities 
2.09% 
59 
499 
1,571 
1,942 
- 
4,071 
Total interest bearing financial 
liabilities 
 
376,138 
188,394 
495,771 
2,405,056 
209,974 
3,675,333 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
3,800 
1,201 
- 
- 
- 
5,001 
Other financial 
liabilities 
 
61 
- 
3,384 
- 
- 
3,445 
Total financial liabilities 
 
379,999 
189,595 
499,155 
2,405,056 
209,974 
3,683,779 
Liquidity gap 
 
700,319 
605,565 
35,112 
(172,020) 
711,464 
 
 
* For the purpose of liquidity calculations the maturity of debt securities issued is taken according to next put option 
dates (if any).   
 
 
      F-91

--- Page 310 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
85 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(c) Liquidity risk, continued 
 
Weighted 
average 
effective 
interest 
rate 
Up to 
1 month  
1 month to 
3 months  
3 months to 
1 year 
 
1 year to 
5 years 
 
Over 
5 years 
 
31 December 
2019 
Total 
FINANCIAL ASSETS: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
3.60% 
735,092 
- 
- 
- 
- 
735,092 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
6.78% 
3,822 
14,569 
141,082 
106,825 
- 
266,298 
Loans to customers 
7.63% 
51,704 
169,836 
222,122 
1,227,887 
288,455 
1,960,004 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
4.94% 
476,890 
376,475 
326,658 
333,574 
592,702 
2,106,299 
Total interest bearing financial 
assets 
 1,267,508 
560,880 
689,862 
1,668,286 
881,157 
5,067,693 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
30,052 
- 
- 
- 
- 
30,052 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 
30 
9,652 
335 
- 
- 
10,017 
Other financial assets 
 
- 
- 
10,868 
- 
- 
10,868 
Total financial assets 
 1,297,590 
570,532 
701,065 
1,668,286 
881,157 
5,118,630 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits  
from banks 
3.71% 
245,482 
12,771 
18,709 
334,608 
128,905 
740,475 
Deposits from customers 
5.00% 
216,187 
29,251 
16,350 
25,267 
10,289 
297,344 
Debt securities issued* 
7.21% 
176,177 
77,098 
588,990 
1,367,063 
- 
2,209,328 
Other financial 
liabilities 
3.68% 
- 
- 
2,370 
4,597 
- 
6,967 
Total interest bearing financial 
liabilities 
 
637,846 
119,120 
626,419 
1,731,535 
139,194 
3,254,114 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
716 
2,053 
6,877 
17,309 
- 
26,955 
Hedging instruments 
 
- 
- 
1,616 
- 
- 
1,616 
Other financial 
liabilities 
 
157 
- 
2,730 
- 
- 
2,887 
Total financial liabilities 
 
638,719 
121,173 
637,642 
1,748,844 
139,194 
3,285,572 
Liquidity gap 
 
658,871 
449,359 
63,423 
(80,558)
741,963 
 
 
 
 
      F-92

--- Page 311 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
86 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(c) Liquidity risk, continued 
 
Weighted 
average 
effective 
interest 
rate 
Up to 
1 month  
1 month to 
3 months  
3 months to 
1 year 
 
1 year to 
5 years 
 
Over 
5 years 
 
31 December 
2018 
Total 
FINANCIAL ASSETS: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
3.10% 
602,393 
- 
- 
- 
- 
602,393 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
7.15% 
3,178 
13,341 
101,510 
127,481 
- 
245,510 
Loans to customers 
8.59% 
37,596 
44,107 
340,984 
967,556 
260,047 
1,650,290 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
4.62% 
234,673 
4,273 
246,796 
321,795 
331,804 
1,139,341 
Total interest bearing financial 
assets 
 
877,840 
61,721 
689,290 
1,416,832 
591,851 
3,637,534 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
38,777 
- 
- 
- 
- 
38,777 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 
- 
- 
291 
16,878 
- 
17,169 
Hedging instruments 
 
- 
- 
86 
- 
- 
86 
Other financial assets 
 
- 
- 
2,842 
- 
- 
2,842 
Total financial assets 
 
916,617 
61,721 
692,509 
1,433,710 
591,851 
3,696,408 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits  
from banks 
3.64% 
67,011 
32,686 
53,382 
66,339 
23,513 
242,931 
Deposits from customers 
4.62% 
106,704 
7,877 
62,564 
- 
- 
177,145 
Debt securities issued* 
7.42% 
10,652 
13,735 
132,331 
1,369,068 
- 
1,525,786 
Total interest bearing financial 
liabilities 
 
184,367 
54,298 
248,277 
1,435,407 
23,513 
1,945,862 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
999 
543 
1,787 
- 
- 
3,329 
Hedging instruments 
 
- 
- 
521 
- 
- 
521 
Other financial 
liabilities 
 
47 
- 
2,720 
- 
- 
2,767 
Total financial liabilities 
 
185,413 
54,841 
253,305 
1,435,407 
23,513 
1,952,479 
Liquidity gap 
 
731,204 
6,880 
439,204 
(1,697) 
568,338 
 
 
      F-93

--- Page 312 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
87 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(c) Liquidity risk, continued 
 
A further analysis of the liquidity and interest rate risks is presented in the following tables in accordance 
with IFRS 7. The amounts disclosed in these tables do not correspond to the amounts recorded in the 
statement of financial position as the presentation below includes a maturity analysis for financial assets and 
liabilities that indicates the total remaining contractual payments (including interest payments), which are 
not recognised in the statement of financial position under the effective interest rate method. 
 
Up to 
1 month 
 
1 month to 
3 months  
3 months  
to 1 year  
1 year to 
5 years 
 
Over  
5 years 
 
31 December 
2020 
Total 
FINANCIAL ASSETS: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
649,201 
15,014 
- 
- 
- 
664,215 
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
393 
27,452 
- 
23,716 
- 
51,561 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
4,553 
15,076 
100,524 
83,607 
- 
203,760 
Loans to customers 
107,580 
245,032 
290,750 
1,588,751 
522,768 
2,754,881 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
316,298 
 626,754 
 137,840 
 849,936 
 670,438 
2,601,266 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
10,917 
233 
11,834 
165,182 
130,198 
318,364 
Other financial assets 
- 
- 
9,098 
- 
- 
9,098 
Total financial assets 
1,088,942 
929,561 
550,046 
2,711,192 
1,323,404 
6,603,145 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
173,843 
104,689 
28,479 
1,160,135 
229,836 
1,696,982 
Financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss 
3,800 
1,201 
- 
- 
- 
5,001 
Deposits from customers 
197,126 
11,591 
128,038 
68,153 
4,540 
409,448 
Debt securities issued 
7,163 
86,488 
433,279 
1,398,606 
- 
1,925,536 
Other financial liabilities 
120 
499 
4,956 
2,032 
- 
7,607 
Total financial liabilities 
382,052 
204,468 
594,752 
2,628,926 
234,376 
4,044,574 
Net position 
706,890 
725,093 
(44,706) 
82,266 
1,089,028 
2,558,571 
Contingent liabilities and credit 
commitments, gross 
33,923 
46,802 
152,735 
1,173,967 
51,766 
1,459,193 
 
 
 
      F-94

--- Page 313 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
88 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(c) Liquidity risk, continued 
 
Up to 
1 month 
 
1 month to 
3 months  
3 months  
to 1 year  
1 year to 
5 years 
 
Over  
5 years 
 
31 December 
2019 
Total 
FINANCIAL ASSETS: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
765,886 
- 
- 
- 
- 
765,886 
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
30 
9,652 
335 
- 
- 
10,017 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
4,181 
16,812 
153,551 
116,519 
- 
291,063 
Loans to customers 
57,567 
192,786 
335,401 
1,692,288 
375,142 
2,653,184 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
477,592 
379,628 
364,064 
581,753 
814,074 
2,617,111 
Other financial assets 
- 
- 
10,868 
- 
- 
10,868 
Total financial assets 
1,305,256 
598,878 
864,219 
2,390,560 
1,189,216 
6,348,129 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
246,689 
14,083 
22,153 
396,020 
143,166 
822,111 
Financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss 
716 
2,053 
6,877 
17,309 
- 
26,955 
Deposits from customers 
216,732 
29,809 
18,183 
30,749 
11,890 
307,363 
Debt securities issued 
176,177 
77,098 
657,002 
1,592,400 
- 
2,502,677 
Hedge instruments 
- 
- 
1,616 
- 
- 
1,616 
Other financial liabilities 
157 
- 
5,100 
4,863 
- 
10,120 
Total financial liabilities 
640,471 
123,043 
710,931 
2,041,341 
155,056 
3,670,842 
Net position 
664,785 
475,835 
153,288 
349,219 
1,034,160 
2,677,287 
Contingent liabilities and credit 
commitments, gross 
116,411 
199,455 
844,570 
304,959 
- 
1,465,395 
 
Up to 
1 month 
 
1 month to 
3 months  
3 months  
to 1 year  
1 year to 
5 years 
 
Over  
5 years 
 
31 December 
2018 
Total 
FINANCIAL ASSETS: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
641,176 
- 
- 
- 
- 
641,176 
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
- 
- 
291 
16,878 
- 
17,169 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
3,470 
15,351 
111,793 
139,102 
- 
269,716 
Loans to customers 
46,775 
62,152 
515,200 
1,200,458 
341,709 
2,166,294 
Hedge instruments 
- 
- 
86 
- 
- 
86 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
235,845 
7,360 
281,184 
469,541 
470,066 
1,463,996 
Other financial assets 
- 
- 
2,842 
- 
- 
2,842 
Total financial assets 
927,266 
84,863 
911,396 
1,825,979 
811,775 
4,561,279 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
67,057 
34,228 
56,039 
72,413 
26,243 
255,980 
Financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss 
999 
543 
1,787 
- 
- 
3,329 
Deposits from customers 
106,734 
7,981 
64,259 
- 
- 
178,974 
Debt securities issued 
11,568 
23,695 
201,201 
1,541,310 
- 
1,777,774 
Hedge instruments 
- 
- 
521 
- 
- 
521 
Other financial liabilities 
47 
- 
2,720 
- 
- 
2,767 
Total financial liabilities 
186,405 
66,447 
326,527 
1,613,723 
26,243 
2,219,345 
Net position 
740,861 
18,416 
584,869 
212,256 
785,532 
2,341,934 
Contingent liabilities and credit 
commitments, gross 
73,395 
333,945 
595,538 
258,399 
- 
1,261,277 
 
 
      F-95

--- Page 314 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
89 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(c) Liquidity risk, continued 
 
The Bank plans to manage its net negative maturity position through the issuance of debt securities and 
attraction of other borrowed funds. Also assets from portfolio of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income are eligible to be sold if required for liquidity purposes. Most of the commitments 
have a number of requirements before been issued. Also in some cases the Bank has an option to withdraw 
or delay issue of loan. 
 
(d) Market risk 
 
 
Market risk covers interest rate risk, currency and pricing risks. In order to measure price and currency risks 
the Bank uses a value-at-risk (VAR) methodology. In order to measure interest rate risk the Bank assesses 
its sensitivity to changes in interest rates. The Bank uses a system of limits to manage these risks.   
 
Interest rate sensitivity 
 
Interest rate risk is a possibility of financial losses, emerging from negative changes in market interest rates 
on balance and off-balance positions of the Bank.  
 
The ALMC of the Bank manages interest rate risk through the management of interest-sensitive asset and 
liability positions of the Bank, and controls risk from changes in market interest rates through setting limits 
on the maximum amount of interest rate risk accepted by the Bank. The Bank’s assets and liability 
management division together with the treasury department monitors interest rate risk, estimates sensitivity 
of the Bank in relation to changes in interest rates and the influence of changes in interest rates on the net 
profit of the Bank. 
 
The Bank conducts a regular analysis of interest rate risk in order to maintain this type of risk at an adequate 
level and control its impact on the Bank's financial indicators. To analyse the level of interest rate risk, the 
Bank uses gap analysis and the Economic Values of Equity (EVE) method, which assesses the Bank's assets 
and liabilities in terms of sensitivity to changes in interest rates. In order to manage interest rate risk, the 
Bank sets limits on negative financial results in case of changing market interest rates. The analysis is carried 
out by the ALM division, general management and setting of limits - ALCO. 
 
The following table details the Bank’s sensitivity to a 3% increase and decrease in the interest rates in 2020, 
2019 and 2018. This is the sensitivity rate used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key 
management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the possible change in interest rates. 
The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding financial assets and liabilities with variable interest rates. 
 
 
      F-96

--- Page 315 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
90 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(e) Market risk, continued 
 
Interest rate sensitivity, continued 
 
An analysis of sensitivity of net profit and equity to changes in interest rates (repricing risk) based on a 
simplified scenario of a 300 basis point (bp) symmetrical fall or rise in all yield curves and positions of 
variable interest rate assets and liabilities existing as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 is as follows: 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
Interest rate 
+3% 
 
Interest rate 
-3% 
 
Interest rate 
+3% 
 
Interest rate 
-3% 
 
Interest rate 
+3% 
 
Interest rate 
-3% 
Financial assets: 
  
  
  
  
  
 
Loans and advances to 
financial institutions 
3,926 
(3,926) 
875 
(875) 
468 
(468) 
Loans to customers 
42,980 
(42,980) 
33,245 
(33,245) 
21,700 
(21,700) 
Financial liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans from banks 
(7,269) 
7,269 
(9,458) 
9,458 
(3,262) 
3,262 
Net impact on net profit 
and equity 
39,637 
(39,637) 
24,662 
(24,662) 
18,906 
(18,906) 
 
An analysis of sensitivity of equity as a result of changes in the financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income due to changes in the interest rates based on positions existing as at 31 December 
2020, 2019 and 2018, and a simplified scenario of a 300 bp symmetrical fall or rise in all yield curves is as 
follows: 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
Interest rate 
+3% 
 
Interest rate 
-3% 
 
Interest rate 
+3% 
 
Interest rate 
-3% 
 
Interest rate 
+3% 
 
Interest rate 
-3% 
Financial assets at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive income  
(55,057)  
65,777  
(152,084)  
182,007  
(111,315)  
122,126 
Net impact on equity 
(55,057)  
65,777  
(152,084)  
182,007  
(111,315)  
122,126 
 
(f) Currency risk 
 
Currency risk is a possibility of financial losses, emerging from negative changes in foreign exchange rates. 
The Bank is exposed to the effects of fluctuations in the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates on its 
financial position and cash flows. 
 
The treasury department together with the assets and liabilities management division manages currency risk 
through the management of the quantities held in open currency positions, which enables the Bank to 
minimise losses from significant fluctuations of exchange rates of foreign currencies. The credit and risk 
management department monitors the currency risk limits set by the Management Board of the Bank. 
 
 
      F-97

--- Page 316 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
91 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(f) Currency risk, continued 
 
Currency risk analysis is performed by analysing the amount of the Bank’s assets and liabilities in different 
currencies. Potential changes in the balance sheet structure are also taken into account. The bank maintains 
this type of risk at an acceptable level. The Bank sets limits on the open currency position in one single 
currency and in aggregate for all currencies. All the currency limits are being controlled on a daily basis. 
Limits are set and managed by the ALCO of the Bank.  
 
The maximum amount of any currency position of the Bank may not exceed 10% of the Bank’s equity 
capital in any one currency or 20% of the Bank’s equity capital in all currencies.  
  
The Bank’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk is presented in the table below: 
 
 
US dollars  
Kazakhstani 
tenge 
 
Russian 
rouble 
 
Euro 
 
Other 
currencies 
 31 December 
2020  
Total 
Financial assets: 
  
  
  
  
  
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
470,865  
31,411  
51,722  
21,796  
88,046  
663,840 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
51,561  
-  
-  
-  
-  
51,561 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
63,577  
24,820  
48,367  
48,711  
-  
185,475 
Loans to customers 
174,484  
333,040  
622,087  
969,087  
-  
2,098,698 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
1,227,788  
583,443  
165,584  
93,507  
190,728  
2,261,050 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
259,264  
-  
-  
35,233  
-  
294,497 
Investments in associates  
17,260  
-  
-  
-  
-  
17,260 
Other financial assets 
4,260  
1,163  
131  
3,477  
67  
9,098 
Total financial assets 
2,269,059  
973,877  
887,891  
1,171,811  
278,841  
5,581,479 
Financial liabilities: 
  
  
  
  
  
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
177,222  
273,073  
153,148  
728,306  
228,363  
1,560,112 
Financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss 
4,495  
-  
506  
-  
-  
5,001 
Deposits from customers 
111,781  
211,917  
43,235  
24,665  
-  
391,598 
Debt securities issued 
611,968  
482,899  
624,685  
-  
-  
1,719,552 
Other financial liabilities 
1,351  
609  
4,975  
443  
138  
7,516 
Total financial liabilities 
906,817  
968,498  
826,549  
753,414  
228,501  
3,683,779 
OPEN BALANCE SHEET POSITION 
1,362,242  
5,379  
61,342  
418,397  
50,340  
1,897,700 
Contingent liabilities and credit 
commitments, gross 
431,561  
79,772  
546,297  
382,147  
19,416  
1,459,193 
 
 
 
      F-98

--- Page 317 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
92 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(f) Currency risk, continued 
 
 
 
US dollars  
Kazakhstani 
tenge 
 
Russian 
rouble 
 
Euro 
 
Other 
currencies 
 31 December 
2019  
Total 
Financial assets: 
  
  
  
  
  
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
383,055  
17,032  
302,515  
62,052  
490  
765,144 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
9,566  
-  
451  
-  
-  
10,017 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
15,664  
60,505  
78,495  
111,634  
-  
266,298 
Loans to customers 
518,002  
227,739  
734,405  
479,858  
-  
1,960,004 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
1,424,212  
548,893  
133,194  
-  
-  
2,106,299 
Investments in associates  
20,131  
-  
-  
-  
-  
20,131 
Other financial assets 
9,417  
1,277  
155  
19  
-  
10,868 
Total financial assets 
2,380,047  
855,446  
1,249,215  
653,563  
490  
5,138,761 
Financial liabilities: 
  
  
  
  
  
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
116,118  
233,378  
16,148  
374,723  
108  
740,475 
Financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss 
25,339  
786  
830  
-  
-  
26,955 
Deposits from customers 
129,308  
134,011  
33,507  
518  
-  
297,344 
Hedge instruments 
1,616  
-  
-  
-  
-  
1,616 
Debt securities issued 
804,674  
515,748  
888,906  
-  
-  
2,209,328 
Other financial liabilities 
273  
687  
8,307  
519  
68  
9,854 
Total financial liabilities 
1,077,328  
884,610  
947,698  
375,760  
176  
3,285,572 
OPEN BALANCE SHEET POSITION 
1,302,719  
(29,164)  
301,517  
277,803  
314  
1,853,189 
Contingent liabilities and credit 
commitments, gross 
373,929  
163,796  
681,308  
246,362  
-  
1,465,395 
 
 
 
      F-99

--- Page 318 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
93 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(f) Currency risk, continued 
 
 
 
US dollars  
Kazakhstani 
tenge 
 
Russian 
rouble 
 
Euro 
 
Other 
currencies  
31 December 
2018  
Total 
Financial assets: 
  
  
  
  
  
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
570,028  
26,733  
2,529  
41,148  
732  
641,170 
Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
17,169  
-  
-  
-  
-  
17,169 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
38,863  
49,212  
67,912  
89,523  
-  
245,510 
Loans to customers 
580,902  
261,807  
478,112  
329,469  
-  
1,650,290 
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
904,673  
91,196  
143,472  
-  
-  
1,139,341 
Hedge instruments 
86  
-  
-  
-  
-  
86 
Other financial assets 
1,489  
1,279  
73  
1  
-  
2,842 
Total financial assets 
2,113,210  
430,227  
692,098  
460,141  
732  
3,696,408 
Financial liabilities: 
  
  
  
  
  
 
Loans and deposits from banks 
32,352  
43,238  
39,172  
124,255  
3,914  
242,931 
Financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss 
3,329  
-  
-  
-  
-  
3,329 
Deposits from customers 
96,011  
81,126  
8  
-  
-  
177,145 
Hedge instruments 
521  
-  
-  
-  
-  
521 
Debt securities issued 
588,613  
438,848  
498,325  
-  
-  
1,525,786 
Other financial liabilities 
599  
48  
2,116  
4  
-  
2,767 
Total financial liabilities 
721,425  
563,260  
539,621  
124,259  
3,914  
1,952,479 
OPEN BALANCE SHEET POSITION 
1,391,785  
(133,033)  
152,477  
335,882  
(3,182)  
1,743,929 
Contingent liabilities and credit 
commitments, gross 
450,381  
34,608  
612,295  
163,993  
-  
1,261,277 
 
 
 
 
      F-100

--- Page 319 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
94 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(f) Currency risk, continued 
 
(i) Derivative financial instruments and spot contracts 
 
Transactions are undertaken in derivative financial instruments (“derivatives”), which include cross 
currency swaps, forwards and options. Derivatives are contracts or agreements whose value is derived from 
one or more underlying indices or asset values inherent in the contract or agreement, which require no or 
little initial net investment and are settled at a future date.  
 
Derivatives may be used for full or partial hedging, reducing the effect of market risks or open positions, 
subject to the restrictions imposed by the Investment Declaration. The Bank may open short positions only 
for the purposes of hedging or risk-reducing transactions. 
 
The fair value of derivative financial instruments, spot contracts and hedge instruments are included in the 
currency analysis presented above and the following table presents further analysis of currency risk by types 
of derivative financial instruments and spot contracts:  
 
US dollars  
Kazakhstani 
tenge 
 
Russian 
rouble 
 
Euro 
 
Other 
currencies  
31 December 
2020  
Total 
Accounts payable on spot and 
derivative contracts 
(2,000) 
(95) 
(196,339) 
(420,755) 
(236,816) 
(856,005) 
Accounts receivable on spot and 
derivative contracts 
587,905 
- 
101,509 
- 
186,149 
875,563 
NET SPOT AND DERIVATIVE 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
POSITION 
585,905 
(95) 
(94,830) 
(420,755) 
(50,667) 
19,558 
TOTAL OPEN POSITION 
1,948,147 
5,284 
(33,488) 
(2,358) 
(327) 
 
 
 
US dollars  
Kazakhstani 
tenge 
 
Russian 
rouble 
 
Euro 
 
Other 
currencies  
31 December 
2019  
Total 
Accounts payable on spot and 
derivative contracts 
(109,598) 
(102,079) 
(427,921) 
(74,502) 
(442) 
(714,542) 
Accounts payable on hedge instruments  
- 
- 
- 
(208,175) 
- 
(208,175) 
Accounts receivable on spot and 
derivative contracts 
430,756 
135,254 
121,400 
2,248 
- 
689,658 
Accounts receivable on hedge 
instruments 
206,559 
- 
- 
- 
- 
206,559 
NET SPOT AND DERIVATIVE 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
POSITION 
527,717 
33,175 
(306,521) 
(280,429) 
(442) 
(26,500) 
TOTAL OPEN POSITION 
1,830,436 
4,011 
(5,004) 
(2,626) 
(128) 
 
 
 
 
      F-101

--- Page 320 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
95 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(f) Currency risk, continued 
 
(i) Derivative financial instruments and spot contracts, continued 
 
US dollars  
Kazakhstani 
tenge 
 
Russian 
rouble 
 
Euro 
 
Other 
currencies  
31 December 
2018  
Total 
Accounts payable on spot and 
derivative contracts 
(134,000) 
- 
(156,548) 
(120,860) 
- 
(411,408) 
Accounts payable on hedge instruments 
- 
- 
- 
(219,453) 
- 
(219,453) 
Accounts receivable on spot and 
derivative contracts 
272,008 
130,506 
2,000 
- 
3,856 
408,370 
Accounts receivable on hedge instruments 
219,018 
- 
- 
- 
- 
219,018 
NET SPOT AND DERIVATIVE 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
POSITION 
357,026 
130,506 
(154,548) 
(340,313) 
3,856 
(3,473) 
TOTAL OPEN POSITION 
1,748,811 
(2,527) 
(2,071) 
(4,431) 
674 
 
 
(ii) Currency risk sensitivity 
 
The following table details the Bank’s sensitivity to a 15% increase and decrease in the  
US Dollar/Russian rouble and US Dollar/Kazakhstani tenge exchange rates as at 31 December 2020, 2019 
and 2018, respectively and a 10% increase and decrease in the US Dollar/Euro exchange rate. These 
sensitivity rates are used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and 
represent management’s assessment of the possible change in foreign currency exchange rates. The 
sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts 
their translation at the end of the period for respective changes in currency rates as at 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018. 
 
Impact on net profit and equity based on asset values as at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
As at 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
USD/RUB 
+15% 
USD/RUB 
-15% 
USD/RUB 
+15% 
USD/RUB 
-15% 
USD/RUB 
+15% 
USD/RUB 
-15% 
Impact on net profit  
(5,023) 
5,023 
751 
(751) 
311 
(311) 
Impact on equity 
(5,023) 
5,023 
751 
(751) 
311 
(311) 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
As at 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
USD/KZT 
+15% 
USD/KZT 
-15% 
USD/KZT 
+15% 
USD/KZT 
-15% 
USD/KZT 
+15% 
USD/KZT 
-15% 
Impact on net profit  
793 
(793) 
(602) 
602 
379 
(379) 
Impact on equity 
793 
(793) 
(602) 
602 
379 
(379) 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
As at 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
USD/EUR 
+10% 
USD/EUR 
-10% 
USD/EUR 
+10% 
USD/EUR 
-10% 
USD/EUR 
+10% 
USD/EUR 
-10% 
Impact on net profit  
(236) 
236 
263 
(263) 
443 
(443) 
Impact on equity 
(236) 
236 
263 
(263) 
443 
(443) 
 
 
 
 
      F-102

--- Page 321 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
96 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
Limitations of sensitivity analysis 
 
The above tables demonstrate the effect of a change in a key assumption while other assumptions remain 
unchanged. In reality, there is a correlation between the assumptions and other factors. It should also be 
noted that these sensitivities are non-linear, and larger or smaller impacts should not be interpolated or 
extrapolated from these results. 
 
The sensitivity analyses do not take into consideration that the Bank’s assets and liabilities are actively 
managed. Additionally, the financial position of the Bank may vary at the time that any actual market 
movement occurs. For example, the Bank’s financial risk management strategy aims to manage the exposure 
to market fluctuations. As investment markets move past various trigger levels, management actions could 
include selling investments, changing investment portfolio allocation and taking other protective action. 
Consequently, the actual impact of a change in the assumptions may not have any impact on the liabilities, 
whereas assets are held at market value in the statement of financial position. In these circumstances, the 
different measurement bases for liabilities and assets may lead to volatility in shareholder equity.  
 
Other limitations in the above sensitivity analyses include the use of hypothetical market movements to 
demonstrate potential risk that only represent the Bank’s view of possible near-term market changes that 
cannot be predicted with any certainty; and the assumption that all interest rates move in an identical fashion. 
 
 
 
      F-103

--- Page 322 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
97 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(g) Presentation of Financial Instruments by Measurement Category 
 
The following table provides a reconciliation of financial assets with these measurement categories as of 31 
December 2020: 
 
Fair value 
through profit 
or loss 
 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income 
 
Amortised 
cost 
 
31 December 
2020 
Total 
Cash and cash equivalents 
  
  
  
 
Cash and balances with national (central) banks 
of Member states of the Bank 
- 
 
- 
 
1,146 
 
1,146 
Correspondent accounts with other banks 
-  
-  
135,213  
135,213 
Term deposits in other banks 
-  
-  
377,457  
377,457 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
-  
-  
150,024  
150,024 
Total cash and cash equivalents 
-  
-  
663,840  
663,840 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
13  
-  
-  
13 
Foreign currency swaps 
24,096  
-  
- 
 
24,096 
Equity instruments in Treasury portfolio 
22,634  
-  
- 
 
22,634 
Equity instruments in Investment portfolio  
4,818  
-  
- 
 
4,818 
Total financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
51,561 
 
- 
 
- 
 
51,561 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
  
  
  
 
Loans to financial institutions 
-  
-  
185,475  
185,475 
Total loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
- 
 
- 
 
185,475 
 
185,475 
Loans to customers 
-  
-  
2,098,698  
2,098,698 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio 
-  
1,606,548  
- 
 
1,606,548 
Equity instruments, initially recognized at fair 
value through other comprehensive income, in 
Treasury portfolio 
 
 
22,594 
 
 
 
22,594 
Debt instruments in Investment portfolio 
-  
631,908  
- 
 
631,908 
Total financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
- 
 
2,261,050 
 
- 
 
2,261,050 
  
  
 
 
 
Debt securities at amortised cost 
-  
-  
294,497 
 
294,497 
Other financial assets 
-  
-  
9,098  
9,098 
 
 
 
      F-104

--- Page 323 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
98 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(g) Presentation of Financial Instruments by Measurement Category, continued 
 
The following table provides a reconciliation of financial assets with these measurement categories as of  
31 December 2019: 
 
Fair value 
through profit 
or loss 
 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income 
 
Amortised 
cost 
 
31 December 
2019 
Total 
Cash and cash equivalents 
  
  
  
 
Cash and balances with national (central) banks of 
Member states of the Bank 
- 
 
- 
 
499 
 
499 
Correspondent accounts with other banks 
-  
-  
29,553  
29,553 
Term deposits in other banks 
-  
-  
478,709  
478,709 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
-  
-  
256,383  
256,383 
Total cash and cash equivalents 
-  
-  
765,144  
765,144 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
  
  
  
 
Foreign currency swaps 
3,450  
-  
- 
 
3,450 
Equity instruments in Investment portfolio, carried 
at fair value through profit or loss 
6,567 
 
- 
 
- 
 
6,567 
Total financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
10,017 
 
- 
 
- 
 
10,017 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
  
  
  
 
Loans to financial institutions 
-  
-  
231,613  
231,613 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
-  
-  
34,685  
34,685 
Total loans and advances to financial institutions 
-  
-  
266,298  
266,298 
Loans to customers 
  
  
1,960,004  
1,960,004 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio 
-  
1,513,960  
- 
 
1,513,960 
Debt instruments in Investment portfolio 
-  
592,339  
- 
 
592,339 
Total financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
- 
 
2,106,299 
 
- 
 
2,106,299 
Other financial assets 
-  
-  
10,868  
10,868 
 
 
 
      F-105

--- Page 324 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
99 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(g) Presentation of Financial Instruments by Measurement Category, continued 
 
The following table provides a reconciliation of financial assets with these measurement categories as of  
31 December 2018: 
 
Fair value through 
profit or loss 
 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income 
 
Amortised cost 
 31 December 
2018 
Total 
Cash and cash equivalents 
  
 
 
  
 
Cash and balances with national (central) 
banks of Member states of the Bank 
- 
 
- 
 
540 
 
540 
Correspondent accounts with other banks 
-  
- 
 
36,779  
36,779 
Term deposits in other banks 
-  
- 
 
166,922  
166,922 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
-  
- 
 
436,929  
436,929 
Total cash and cash equivalents 
-  
- 
 
641,170  
641,170 
Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial instruments 
  
 
 
  
 
Foreign currency swaps 
291  
- 
 
- 
 
291 
Equity instruments in Investment portfolio, 
carried at fair value through profit or loss 
16,878 
 
- 
 
- 
 
16,878 
Total financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
17,169 
 
- 
 
- 
 
17,169 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans to financial institutions 
-  
- 
 
222,510  
222,510 
Loans under reverse repurchase agreements 
-  
- 
 
23,000  
23,000 
Total loans and advances to financial 
institutions 
- 
 
- 
 
245,510 
 
245,510 
Loans to customers 
  
 
 
1,650,290  
1,650,290 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt instruments in Treasury portfolio 
-  
912,498 
 
- 
 
912,498 
Debt instruments in Investment portfolio 
-  
226,843 
 
- 
 
226,843 
Total financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 
- 
 
1,139,341 
 
- 
 
1,139,341 
Hedging instruments 
86  
- 
 
- 
 
86 
Other financial assets 
-  
- 
 
2,842  
2,842 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, all of the Bank’s financial liabilities, except for derivatives and 
hedge instruments carried at fair value through profit or loss, were carried at amortised cost. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      F-106

--- Page 325 ---
EURASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 
(in thousands of US dollars)  
  
100 
31. RISK MANAGEMENT, CONTINUED 
 
(h)   Financial ratios 
 
In December 2011, the Council of the Bank has set financial ratios: 
 
31 December 
2020 
 
31 December 
2019 
 
31 December 
2018 
Minimum amount of liquid assets in Treasury portfolio 
 
 
 
 
 
required amount in thousands US dollars* 
729,024 
 
893,910 
 
852,321 
actual amount 
1,292,552 
 
1,729,498 
 
1,265,592 
Financial leverage ratio 
 
 
 
 
 
should be less or equal to 300% of the Bank’s equity 
300.00% 
 
300.00% 
 
300.00% 
actual ratio 
123.25% 
 
141.40% 
 
92.98% 
 
* The Council of the Bank set the minimum level of liquid assets in treasury portfolio not less than 1-year projected 
net loan disbursements (loans disbursed less repayments and tied financing), if greater than zero, plus the annual cost 
of financial debt. This limit is reviewed on a quarterly basis. 
 
The ALMC regularly monitors compliance of the Bank with the financial ratios set by the Council of the 
Bank. 
 
 
32. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD 
 
On 8 February 2021, the Bank made an early redemption of a bilateral loan in the amount of  
60,230 thousand US dollars. 
 
      F-107

--- Page 326 ---
ISSUER 
 
Eurasian Development Bank 
220 Dostyk Avenue 
Almaty 050051 
Republic of Kazakhstan 
 
ARRANGER AND PERMANENT DEALER 
VTB Capital plc 
14 Cornhill  
London  
EC3V 3ND  
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
as to English and U.S. law 
Baker & McKenzie LLP 
100 New Bridge Street 
London EC4V 6JA 
United Kingdom  
as to Kazakh law 
Baker & McKenzie - CIS, Limited 
Samal Towers 
97 Zholdasbekov Street 
Almaty 050051 
Republic of Kazakhstan 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER AND DEALERS 
as to English and U.S. law  
White & Case LLP  
5 Old Broad Street  
London EC2N 1DW  
United Kingdom 
as to Kazakh law 
White & Case Kazakhstan LLP 
11th floor, BC Talan Towers 
16 Dostyk Street 
Nur-Sultan Z05H9K3 
Kazakhstan 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte, LLP (Kazakhstan) 
36 Al Farabi Ave. 
Almaty 050059 
Republic of Kazakhstan 
TRUSTEE 
REGISTRAR 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square, Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt  
Germany 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION 
AND TRANSFER AGENT 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE TRUSTEE 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom

--- Page 327 ---
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland