--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Hellenic Republic) 
 
€5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Pursuant to the Global Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) National Bank of Greece S.A. (NBG, the Bank or the Issuer, and with its 
subsidiaries, the Group) may from time to time issue Notes in bearer or registered form denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
This base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this 
Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Bank in line with the provisions of Article 6 (4) of the Law of 16 July 2019 (the Luxembourg Law on 
Prospectuses for Securities). Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the Official 
List). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from 
time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein).  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration of 17 
December 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other terms and 
conditions not contained herein as well as any information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Notes have not been nor will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities 
laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and 
any other jurisdiction. Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see “Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales” 
and “Subscription and Sale” below. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a 
Dealer and together the Dealers). References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended 
to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to the lead manager of such issue and, in relation to an issue of Notes subscribed by one Dealer, be to 
such Dealer. 
Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by either a Temporary Global Note, a Permanent Global Note, an Unrestricted Global Note and/or 
a Restricted Global Note (each as defined below), in each case as indicated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined herein). Temporary Global 
Notes and Permanent Global Notes may also be issued in new global note form, and Registered Notes that are held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) may also be held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS). See “Forms 
of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales” below.  
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Bank to fulfil its 
obligations in respect of the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
The Bank has been rated B- for long-term Issuer default rating and B for short-term Issuer default rating by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch), B3 
for long-term debt and NP for short-term debt by Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Limited (Moody's) and B+ for long-term debt and B for short-
term debt by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited France Branch (S&P). The Programme has been rated B3 for 
Senior Unsecured MTN (domestic) and Caa1 for Subordinated MTN (domestic) by Moody’s, B+ for Senior Unsecured and CCC+ for Subordinated 
by S&P and B- for Senior Unsecured and CCC for Subordinated by Fitch. Each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P is established in the European Union and 
is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Accordingly, the Bank’s and the Programme’s ratings issued by Fitch, 
Moody’s and S&P have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, Moody’s Investors Service Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, 
in accordance with the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK 
CRA Regulation) and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes 
in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on the Floating Rate Notes and/or the Fixed Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates which may 
constitute benchmarks for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation), including EURIBOR, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms with respect to Floating Rate Notes or the semi-annual or annual swap rate, as the case may be, for swap transactions in the 
Specified Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) with respect to Fixed Reset Notes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European 
Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. If the semi-annual or annual swap rate, 
as the case may be, for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) with respect to Fixed Reset Notes 
constitutes a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
Arrangers and Dealers 
 
Morgan Stanley 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 17 December 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
The Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Bank (having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Bank or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Bank or any 
Dealer. 
Certain information under the heading “Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
– Book-Entry System” has been extracted from information provided by the clearing systems referred to 
therein. The Bank confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant clearing systems, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” below), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely 
to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Bank since the date 
thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds to fulfil any environmental criteria required by any prospective investors. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates makes any representation as to the suitability of the National Bank 
of Greece Green Bond Framework (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in 
it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Bank and each of the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Notes, see “Subscription and Sale” below. In particular, the Notes have not been nor will be registered under 
the Securities Act and the Notes may include Bearer Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States to 
persons who are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and, in 
the case of Registered Notes, in the United States to qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act (Rule 144A), each a QIB) in reliance on Rule 144A or another applicable 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. In addition, prospective purchasers of Notes are hereby 
notified that a seller of Notes may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 
5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Bank or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Bank.  Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Bank or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
None of the Dealers or the Bank makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Bank is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Bank during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018) – Unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
section 309A(1) of the SFA), that all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor 
have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to 
the contrary is unlawful. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed €5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Programme Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may 
be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme Agreement as defined under “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS AND CONVENTIONS 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined 
below. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a Member State are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to U.S.$, U.S. dollars or dollars are to United 
States dollars and references to €, EUR or euro are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to Greece or to the Greek State are to the Hellenic Republic.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES  
This Base Prospectus contains references to certain Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), as defined 
in the guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs disclosed in 
regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 which, although not recognised as 
financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as endorsed by the European 
Union, are used by the management of the Bank to monitor the Group’s financial and operating performance. 
In particular: 
(a) 
Non-Performing Loans (NPLs) ratio or 90 days past due ratio: Loans and advances to customers at 
amortised cost in arrears for 90 days or more divided by total loans and advances to customers 
before Expected Credit Loss (ECL) allowance for impairment at the end of the period. 
(b) 
Loans-to-Deposits Ratio:  Loans and advances to customers over due to customers, at the end of the 
period. 
(c) 
Non-Performing Exposures (NPE) ratio: NPEs divided by total loans before ECL allowance for 
impairment at the end of the period.  
The Group defines NPEs, according to EBA ITS Technical Standards on Forbearance and Non-
Performing Exposures, as exposures that satisfy either or both of the following criteria: 
(i) 
material exposures which are more than 90 days past due; and 
(ii) 
the debtor is assessed as unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full without realisation of 
collateral, regardless of the existence of any past due amount or of the number of days past 
due. 
(d) 
Balance sheet: Statement of Financial Position. 
(e) 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio: CET1 capital as defined by Regulation No 575/2013, with the 
application of the regulatory transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 impact over RWAs. 
(f) 
CET1 ratio fully loaded: CET1 capital as defined by Regulation No 575/2013, without the 
application of the regulatory transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 impact on RWAs. 
(g) 
Core Income: Net Interest Income (NII) + Net fee and commission income. 
(h) 
Core Operating Profit: Core income less operating expenses and loan impairments and excluding 
COVID-19 provisions of €0.4 billion in the second quarter of 2021.  
(i) 
Core Pre-Provision Income: Core Income less operating expenses.  
(j) 
Cost of Risk: Loan impairments for the year (or for the period annualised) over average net loans, 
excluding the short-term reverse repo facility of €3.0 billion in the second quarter of 2021. 
(k) 
Cost-to-Core Income ratio: Operating expenses over Core Income. 
(l) 
Cost-to-Income ratio: Operating expenses over total income. 
(m) 
Deposits: Due to customers. 
(n) 
Domestic banking activities: Refers to banking business in Greece and includes retail, corporate and 
investment banking. Group’s domestic operations includes Ethniki Leasing S.A (Ethniki Leasing), 
Probank Leasing S.A. (Probank Leasing) and Ethniki Factors S.A. (Ethniki Factors).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
(o) 
Gross loans: Loans and advances to customers before Expected Credit Loss (ECL) allowance for 
impairment on loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and mandatorily measured at 
FVTPL. 
(p) 
Held for Sale: Non-current assets held for sale. 
(q) 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR): The LCR refers to the liquidity buffer of High Quality Liquid 
Assets (HQLAs) that a Financial Institution holds, in order to withstand net liquidity outflows over a 
30 calendar-day stressed period as per Regulation (EU) 2015/61. 
(r) 
Loan Impairments: Impairment charge for ECL. 
(s) 
Net loans: Loans and advances to customers after ECL allowance for impairment on loans and 
advances to customers at amortised cost and mandatorily at FVTPL. 
(t) 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR): The NSFR refers to the portion of liabilities and capital expected 
to be sustainable over the time horizon considered by the NSFR over the amount of stable funding 
that must be allocated to the various assets, based on their liquidity characteristics and residual 
maturities. 
(u) 
NPE Coverage Ratio: ECL allowance for impairment for loans and advances to customers divided 
by NPE, excluding loans and advances to customers mandatorily classified as FVTPL, at period end. 
(v) 
Pre-Provision Income: Total income less operating expenses, before loan impairments. 
(w) 
Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs): Assets and off-balance-sheet exposures, weighted according to risk 
factors based on Regulation (EU) No 575/2013. 
(x) 
Risk Adjusted NIM: NIM minus CoR 
(y) 
Total Capital Ratio: Total capital as defined by Regulation No 575/2013, with the application of the 
regulatory transitional arrangements for IFRS 9 impact over RWAs. 
Investors should be aware that: 
• 
these financial measures are not recognised as a measure of performance under IFRS; and 
• 
they are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and operations 
but are not indicative of the historical operating results of the Bank, nor are they meant to be 
predictive of future results. 
Furthermore, since companies do not all calculate these measures in an identical manner, the Group’s 
presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue 
reliance should not be placed on any such data. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and sixty (60) days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus may be submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of 
QIBs for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of certain Notes 
issued under the Programme. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not 
be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to 
anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A or any other applicable exemption. Each U.S. 
purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes to it may be 
being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities 
Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Restricted Global Note or any Notes issued in registered 
form in exchange or substitution therefor (together Legended Notes) will be deemed, by its acceptance or 
purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions 
Relating to U.S. Sales”. Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them in “Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales”. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act in connection with any resale or other 
transfers of Notes that are “Restricted Securities” (as defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act), the 
Bank will furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or of a beneficial owner of an interest therein, 
to such holder or beneficial owner or to a prospective purchaser designated by such holder or beneficial 
owner, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act and will 
otherwise comply with the requirements of Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act, if, at the time of such 
request, any of the relevant Notes remain outstanding as “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 
144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and the Bank is not a reporting company under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of 
the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor exempt from 
reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Bank is incorporated under the laws of the Hellenic Republic. All of the officers and directors named 
herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Bank and of such 
officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to 
effect service of process outside the Hellenic Republic upon the Bank or such persons, or to enforce 
judgments against them obtained in courts outside the Hellenic Republic predicated upon civil liabilities of 
the Bank or such directors and officers under laws other than the Hellenic Republic, including any judgment 
predicated upon United States federal securities laws.  
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. Such statements in this Base Prospectus include, 
but are not limited to, statements made under “Risk Factors”, “Description of the Group” and “Regulation 
and Supervision of Banks in Greece”. Such statements can be generally identified by the use of terms such as 
“believes”, “expects”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “would”, “could”, “plans”, “anticipates” and comparable 
terms, including the negatives of such terms. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and 
uncertainty, and the factors described in the context of such forward-looking statements in this Base 
Prospectus could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or 
implied by such forward-looking statements. The Bank has based these forward-looking statements on their 
management's current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements 
are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Group, including, among other things:  
 
 
• 
Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a protracted period 
and legacy effects from the fiscal crisis and from the COVID-19 crisis may impose further 
constraints on economic activity in Greece;

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
• 
The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its long-
term competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may 
not lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic 
Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully resolved also in view of further deterioration due to 
the COVID-19 crisis, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of 
operations, financial condition or prospects; 
• 
If additional European Central Bank (ECB) or Emergency Liquidity Assistance (ELA) funding is 
needed in the future it will be subject to ECB rules relating to the eligibility and valuation of 
collateral used for funding such as Greek government bonds; 
• 
Deteriorating asset valuations may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition and may limit its ability to post collateral for Eurosystem funding purposes; 
• 
High outflows of funds from customer deposits could cause an increase in the Group’s costs of 
funding and if such outflows were to continue it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operating results, financial condition and liquidity prospects; 
• 
There can be no assurance that the Bank’s capital will be sufficient, in particular if economic 
conditions in Greece do not improve or if they deteriorate further; 
• 
The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes; 
• 
The Bank’s wholesale borrowing costs and access to liquidity and capital may be negatively affected 
by, and there may be further material adverse consequences to the Group of, any future downgrades 
of the Hellenic Republic’s credit rating; 
• 
A resurgence of default risks for the Hellenic Republic would have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and could lead to a higher cost of funding or the inability of the Bank to raise 
capital; 
• 
The Group may not be allowed to continue to recognize the main part of deferred tax assets (DTAs) 
as regulatory capital or as an asset, which may have an adverse effect on its operating results and 
financial condition; 
• 
There is uncertainty about the Bank’s ability to continue as a “going concern”; 
• 
As a recipient of State Aid, the Bank’s operational autonomy is constrained; 
• 
The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund (HFSF), as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the 
operation of the Bank and has and will continue to have the ability to exercise significant influence 
over the Group’s operations; 
• 
The high level of NPEs has had and may continue to have in the future a negative impact on the 
Group’s operations; 
• 
The Group is subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 
pandemic that may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and 
financial condition; 
• 
The Group’s loan portfolio may continue to contract; 
• 
The Group is vulnerable to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets; 
• 
The Group has incurred and may continue to incur significant losses on its trading and investment 
activities due to market fluctuations and volatility;

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
• 
Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Group’s net interest income and have other 
adverse consequences; 
• 
The Group faces significant competition from Greek and foreign banks; 
• 
The loss of senior management may adversely affect the Group’s ability to impement its strategy; 
• 
The Group, like any other credit institution, is exposed to the risk of fraud and illegal activities of 
any form which, if not dealt with in a timely manner and successfully, could have negative effects on 
its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects; 
• 
The Group could be exposed to significant future pension and post-employment benefit liabilities; 
• 
The value of certain financial instruments recorded at fair value is determined using financial models 
incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimates that may change over time or may not be 
accurate; 
• 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and insurance risk; 
• 
The Group’s economic hedging may not prevent losses; 
• 
The Group’s operational systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, exposed and 
possibly vulnerable to an increasing risk of continually evolving cybersecurity or other technological 
risks which could result in the unavailability of IT services or in the disclosure of confidential client 
or customer information, damage to its reputation, additional costs to it, regulatory penalties and 
financial losses; 
• 
The Group’s business is subject to increasingly complex regulation which may increase its 
compliance costs and capital requirements; 
• 
The Group is subject to the European resolution framework which has been implemented and may 
result in additional compliance or capital requirements and will dictate the procedure for the 
resolution of the Group (which may include the Notes being subject to the bail-in resolution tool by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, resulting in their full or partial write-down or conversion); 
• 
Application of the Minimum Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) under 
the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended, the BRRD) may 
affect the Group’s profitability; 
• 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals 
and regulations governing creditors’ rights in Greece and various South Eastern Europe (SEE) 
countries may limit the Group’s ability to receive payments on past due loans, and anticipated 
changes to such laws may not have the desired effect; and 
• 
other factors described under “Risk Factors”. 
The Bank undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a 
result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, 
the forward-looking events discussed in this Base Prospectus might not occur. Any statements regarding past 
trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the 
future. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are 
based on facts known only as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................... 14 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 21 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................... 68 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 72 
FORMS OF THE NOTES AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS RELATING TO U.S. SALES ................. 123 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS............................................................................................................................ 136 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ................................................................................................................. 154 
RISK MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................................................. 204 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ......................................................................................................... 216 
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN GREECE ............................................................... 229 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................... 264 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 269 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 274

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, if 
appropriate, and in the case of listed Notes only, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base 
Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this summary. 
 
Issuer: 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
5UMCZOEYKCVFAW8ZLO05  
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its respective obligations in respect of the Notes are 
discussed under “Risk Factors” above. In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for assessing the potential 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are also discussed under “Risk Factors” above and include 
certain risks associated with the structure of a particular issue of 
Notes and risks common to the Notes generally. 
Description: 
€5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and National Bank of 
Greece S.A. 
Dealers: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Bank 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale” below) including the following restrictions applicable at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
15 
 
 
 
In the case of Notes having a maturity of less than one year, the 
same will constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited 
class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies, see “Subscription 
and Sale” below.  
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money 
market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months and complying also with the definition of securities are not 
subject to the approval provisions stated therein. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon (acting through its London branch) 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch  
Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through its New York 
branch and acting through its London branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch  
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, of 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium (Euroclear), Clearstream Banking S.A., of 42 
Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), The Depository Trust Company of 55 Water 
Street, New York, New York 10041-0004, U.S.A. (DTC) and/or 
any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The Bank may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to the same terms and conditions in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) 
so as to form a single Series. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes) or registered 
form (Registered Notes), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and 
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No 
single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes. 
 
Bearer Notes 
 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will initially be in the form 
of either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Bearer 
Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
form (a Classic Global Note or CGN), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date 
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Bearer Global Note which is intended to be 
issued in new global note form (a New Global Note or NGN), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any 
exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of 
any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a 
Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Registered Notes 
 
Notes in registered form which are offered and sold to non-U.S. 
persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act will be represented by interests in a global 
registered note certificate (the Unrestricted Global Note), and 
either (i) be deposited with a custodian for and registered in the 
name of a nominee of The Depository Trust Company (DTC); or 
(ii) be deposited with a common depositary or (in the case of 
Unrestricted Global Notes to be held under the NSS) a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, on 
or about the date of issue of the relevant Tranche. Up to and 
including the 40th day after the later of the commencement of the

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
offering and the relevant issue date, beneficial interests in an 
Unrestricted Global Note that is deposited with a custodian for 
DTC may be held only through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
 
Notes which are offered and sold to QIBS in reliance on Rule 
144A or another applicable exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act will be represented by interests in a global 
registered note certificate (the Restricted Global Note and, 
together with the Unrestricted Global Note, the Registered Global 
Notes), deposited with a custodian for and registered in the name 
of a nominee of DTC on or about the date of issue of the relevant 
Tranche. Interests in the Registered Global Notes will be shown 
on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records 
maintained by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and DTC and 
its direct and indirect participants, including depositaries for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Definitive registered notes (Definitive Registered Notes) 
evidencing holdings of Notes will only be available in certain 
limited circumstances. (See “Forms of the Notes and Transfer 
Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales” below). 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in U.S. dollars, Sterling, Euro, Yen 
and such other currencies without limitation, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, 
subject to such compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any 
currency or currencies other than the currency in which such Notes 
are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be Unsubordinated Notes, Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default or an 
Enforcement Event, as applicable) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of (i) the Issuer (see Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer)) or, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only, for regulatory reasons (see Condition 
10.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons)) 
or, in case of Unsurbordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes only, following a MREL Disqualification Event

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
 
18 
 
 
(see Condition 10.7 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event)) and/or (ii) (in the case of Unsubordinated Notes only) the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate (which, in the case of Fixed Reset 
Notes, will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate or 
the applicable Reference Bond Rate, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and the Reset Margin) or a floating rate. The Issuer 
may also have the right to convert the interest rate from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate or vice versa. 
Substitution or Variation 
If Substitution or Variation is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of (x) Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, or (y) Subordinated Notes, if a 
Regulatory Event occurs, or (z) all Notes, as applicable, in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 
(Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may substitute the 
Notes, or vary the terms of such Notes, so that the relevant Notes 
once again become or remain, as appropriate, Qualifying 
Unsubordinated Notes, Qualifying Unsubordinated MREL Notes, 
Qualifying 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
or 
Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be. See Condition 17.3 
(Substitution and Variation). 
Cross-default/cross-acceleration: 
Unsubordinated Notes will have the benefit of a cross-default / 
cross-acceleration as described in Condition 13 (Events of 
Default). 
Enforcement Events: 
Holders of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes may declare such Notes to be 
immediately due and repayable on the occurrence of an 
Enforcement Event as described in Condition 13.2 (Enforcement 
Events—Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes). 
Contractual 
Recognition 
of 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges 
and agrees to be bound by the exercise of any Loss Absorption 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, as set out in more 
detail in Condition 26 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers). The 
rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to the exercise of any Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. See 
Condition 26 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers). 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
19 
 
 
relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes in the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction unless the withholding is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 12 
(Taxation)) pay such additional amounts in respect of principal 
and interest or, in respect of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, interest only, as will 
result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would 
have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding 
been required. 
Under Greek law as at 18 December 2021, payments of interest 
under the Non-Listed Notes are subject to Greek income 
withholding tax and, under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
where Extended Gross-Up is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to one limited exception (which 
would not apply while the Non-Listed Notes are represented by 
Global Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), the Bank is required to gross up such payments in 
order that Noteholders receive such amounts as would have been 
received by them if no such withholding had been required (see 
Condition 12.1 (Gross-up)). In this case, depending on applicable 
income tax rules in the tax jurisdiction(s) to which they are 
subject, the income received by a Holder for tax purposes may be 
the gross amount paid by the Bank, rather than the net amount 
received by the Holder. 
The attention of Holders is also drawn to the fact that, if the Greek 
law on income tax withholding changes in the future and payments 
of interest under the Non-Listed Notes to Non-Greek Legal 
Persons (as defined in Condition 2 (Interpretation)) cease to be 
subject to Greek income withholding tax, the obligation of the 
Issuer to gross up interest payments will be limited. Please see 
Condition 12.1 (Gross-up). In such circumstances, Holders who 
are not Non-Greek Legal Persons may remain subject to income 
tax withholding, if any is applicable, and (if so) may cease to 
benefit from any grossing-up of interest payments. 
Listed Notes means Notes which are listed on the EU-regulated 
market of the Bourse of Luxembourg, or on another trading venue 
within the meaning of article 4 of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
Non-Listed Notes means Notes which are not listed in a trading 
venue, within the meaning of article 4 of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their 
own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposal of the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
Rating: 
A Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions 
allowing for the substitution of the Issuer as the debtor in respect 
of the Notes, any Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement, as more fully described in Condition 20 (Substitution 
of the Issuer). 
Governing Law: 
English law except for Conditions 5.2 (Status – Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), 5.3 (Status — Subordinated Notes) and 26 
(Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the Hellenic Republic. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights against the 
Issuer will be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 17 
December 2021 (as amended, supplemented or restated from time 
to time), a copy of which will be available for inspection at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the United States of America, the Hellenic Republic, The 
Netherlands, France, Italy, the EEA, the United Kingdom, 
Singapore and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Bank believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Bank believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Bank to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other unknown reasons. Prospective investors should also 
read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
The risk factors relating to the Group are deemed to cover the Bank. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF THE BANK TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer. A purchaser of Notes relies on the 
creditworthiness of the Bank and no other person. Investment in the Notes involves the risk that subsequent 
changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Bank may adversely affect the market value of the 
Notes.  
Risks relating to the Hellenic Republic’s economic crisis in the previous decade and during the 
COVID-19 outbreak  
The economic outlook and the fiscal position of the Hellenic Republic continues to be affected by the legacy 
of the prolonged economic crisis of the previous decade and the eruption of the COVID-19 pandemic since 
2020, which could have additional adverse effects on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The Group’s financial condition and its results of operations are heavily dependent on macroeconomic, 
social and political conditions prevailing in Greece.  
Following almost eight years of recession in the period 2008 to 2016, the annual growth of Gross Domestic 
Product (GDP) in Greece entered positive territory in 2017 and accelerated further in 2018 and 2019 (with 
annual growth rates of 1.1% year-on-year, 1.7% year-on-year and 1.8% year-on-year, respectively, Source: 
EL.STAT., Annual National Accounts, 2020, Press Release, October 2021), despite the tighter-than-initially 
expected fiscal conditions, due to the over performance, over this three-year period, against the fiscal targets 
of the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) stability support programme (Third Programme). Due to the 
high level of Greek debt, which is primarily held by the official sector, ambitious fiscal targets continue to be 
pursued in the context of the enhanced surveillance framework (the Enhanced Surveillance Framework) 
applying to Greece since August 2018 following the completion of the Third Programme as further described 
below (with the aforementioned fiscal targets temporarily suspended, however, due to the Coronavirus 
(COVID-19) pandemic crisis). 
Greece’s recovery has been interrupted by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic since late February 2020 
that led to a severe GDP contraction of 9.0% year-on-year in the 2020 fiscal year, due to the application of 
strict containment measures – that included extensive restrictions on mobility and economic activities in 
some periods – and high uncertainty (Source: EL.STAT., Annual National Accounts, 2020, Press Release, 
October 2021). However, the activation of a sizeable amount of fiscal measures (including employment 
allowances and subsidised employment schemes) in 2020-2021 limited the pandemic impact on the Greek

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
labour market and private sector disposable income, with the unemployment rate spiking temporarily to 
17.6% in June 2020 – significantly lower than the previous peak of 27.9% in 2013 – and then returning to a 
steady downward trend. Most notably, the labour market has shown remarkable responsiveness to the 
gradual unwinding of the extraordinary State support measures over the course of 2021, with the 
unemployment rate dropping to an 11-year low of 13.0% in September 2021, suggesting the temporary 
nature of the COVID-19 impact on the economy (Source: EL.STAT., Labour Force Survey database). 
Similarly, the private sector disposable income contracted by 9.3% year-on-year in 2020 and recovered 
strongly in the first semester of 2021 (+8.2% year-on-year, Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly Non-Financial 
Sector Accounts database). 
The economy’s transition to the “Post-programme” era 
In 2018, Greece successfully completed the Third Programme – following a precipitate termination of the 
first two Programmes in 2012 and 2015 respectively – and has been subjected to a post-programme 
monitoring framework since August 2018, which is based on the Enhanced Surveillance Framework directed 
by the European Commission (Sources: European Commission, Occasional Papers 94, “The Second 
Economic Adjustment Programme for Greece”, March 2012, ESM Press Release, “EFSF programme for 
Greece expires today”, 30 June 2015 and European Commission, “Commission implementing decision of 
11.7.2018 on the activation of enhanced surveillance for Greece”, 11 July 2018).  
The Third Programme was activated on 19 August 2015 against a backdrop of severe economic uncertainty, 
intensifying liquidity tensions and capital flight that appeared to threaten the membership of the Hellenic 
Republic in the European Monetary Union and the European Union (EU), and gave rise to a new 
recessionary spiral, following a cumulative contraction in economic activity of 29.0% year-on-year between 
2008 and 2014 (Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly National Accounts, Press Release, second Quarter 2021, 
September 2021). In this environment, the Greek government officially requested financial assistance from 
the EU on 10 July 2015 (Source: European Commission’s proposal for a council implementation decision on 
granting short-term European Union financial assistance to Greece under a new programme from the ESM). 
On 19 August 2015, the Hellenic Republic entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the 
European Commission (EC) and the ESM for the provision of further stability support accompanied by the 
Third Programme.  
The Third Programme was successfully completed on 20 August 2018. This completion was accompanied 
by a new agreement on the provision of additional debt relief, aimed at lowering Greece’s gross financing 
needs (GFNs) in the medium-to-long term and the build-up of a sizeable cash buffer by the Hellenic 
Republic financed by Third Programme funding and new debt issuances. Moreover, for the long term, the 
Eurogroup of 21 June 2018 has recalled the agreement, that had been reached in the Eurogroup of May 2016, 
on a contingency mechanism on debt that could be activated in the case of an unexpectedly more adverse 
macroeconomic scenario, adjusting debt servicing costs to more sustainable levels if required and decided by 
the Eurogroup (Sources: Eurogroup Statements, 25 May 2016, 24 May 2018 and 22 June 2018). An 
enhanced surveillance framework (the Enhanced Surveillance Framework), under the existing 
mechanisms of fiscal coordination in the EU, supervised by the EC has been agreed and the Hellenic 
Republic has also committed to ensure the continuity and completion of reforms adopted under the Third 
Programme. Moreover, the official European lenders have committed to reassess the sustainability of Greek 
debt by 2032, or earlier if deemed necessary, after taking into account Greece’s compliance with the targets 
of the post-Third Programme Enhanced Surveillance Framework and the potential role of adverse factors 
beyond the control of the Hellenic Republic’s economic policy. Potential delays in the completion of 
remaining reforms adopted under the Third Programme or the inability to safeguard the objectives of the 
adopted reforms and/or the sustainability of the fiscal performance in the medium and longer term, due to 
endogenous or exogenous factors, could weigh on the markets’ assessment of the risks surrounding the 
creditworthiness of the Hellenic Republic and, therefore, create uncertainty regarding its capacity to maintain 
a continuous access to market financing. Such a development could, in turn, have a material adverse impact 
on the Bank’s liquidity position, business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
23 
 
 
The aforementioned developments continue to inflict significant challenges for the Group, as the negative 
legacy effects of the Greek fiscal crisis in the period 2009 to 2017, combined with the negative effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, still impose significant risks, giving rise to persistent, direct and indirect, adverse 
effects on private sector income, the quality of private sector balance sheets and liquidity conditions in 
general. See also “The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a 
protracted period and legacy effects from the fiscal crisis and from the COVID-19 crisis may impose further 
constraints on economic activity in Greece” and “The COVID-19 pandemic, the economic policy response 
and the impact on the Hellenic Republic’s economy to date may materially and adversely affect the Group’s 
business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition” below. 
The COVID-19 pandemic, the economic policy response and the impact on the Hellenic Republic’s economy 
to date may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and 
financial condition. 
The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in February 2020 has inflicted high human costs worldwide, 
leading to a sharp deterioration in economic conditions. As a result, the European and global economies 
entered a sharp recession in the first semester of 2020, which continued, at a slower pace, until the end of the 
year. To counter the spread of COVID-19, strict containment measures were imposed around the world, 
including Greece, voluntarily shutting down large parts of the economy. The enforcement of protective 
restrictions, along with elevated uncertainty, weighed heavily on economic conditions, interrupting Greece’s 
recovery in a period when the economy had exhibited signs of further improvement. 
Greek GDP suffered a decline of historical proportions in the second quarter of 2020 (-13.9% year-on-year 
and -13.0% quarter-on-quarter on a seasonally adjusted basis), against a backdrop of high uncertainty and the 
enforcement of restrictions on a wide range of activities aimed at limiting the spread of the pandemic 
(Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly National Accounts, Press Release, second Quarter 2021, September 2021). 
COVID-19 has adversely affected a broad range of indicators of economic activity and has resulted in a 
sharp drop in business turnover and corporate profitability (-13.2% and -6.8% year-on-year, respectively, in 
2020, Sources: EL.STAT., Evolution of turnover of enterprises under suspension of operation due to the 
pandemic of the COVID-19, Press Release, November 2021 and Quarterly National Accounts, Press 
Release, second Quarter 2021, September 2021). 
A sizeable fiscal expansion has been put in place by the Greek government aimed at addressing the effects of 
COVID-19 on the economy. The support included several fiscal and liquidity measures, which had been 
activated over the course of 2020 and 2021, mainly comprising social transfers, subsidies and deferrals of tax 
and social security contributions, as well as state loans and guarantees for new bank lending, amounting to 
about 19.0% of GDP or €33.0 billion (Sources: Ministry of Finance, MTFS 2022-2025, June 2021 and 
Budget 2022, November 2021, in Greek). These measures have been endorsed by the European Commission, 
which has suspended the Enhanced Surveillance primary surplus target for Greece since 2020 (3.5% of GDP 
in this year), as part of the activation of the general “escape clause” within the Stability and Growth Pact for 
all countries to allow the necessary increase in government spending in order to contain the coronavirus 
outbreak and mitigate its negative socio-economic effects (Source: European Commission, Coronavirus: 
Commission proposes activating fiscal framework's general escape clause to respond to pandemic, Press 
Release, 20 March 2020). Although the fiscal response ameliorated the pandemic hit to the economy and 
strengthened the recovery in 2021, it has also led to a significant deterioration in the General Government 
balance, which recorded a sizeable deficit of 10.1% of GDP in 2020 and of 9.6% of GDP in 2021 from a 
surplus of 1.1% of GDP in 2019 (European System of Accounts (ESA) 2010 definition, Sources: EL.STAT., 
Fiscal Data, October 2021 and Ministry of Finance, Budget 2022, November 2021). The sizeable deficits in 
2020-2021 and the sharp drop in 2020 GDP pushed public debt to a new high of 206.3% of GDP in 2020, 
which is estimated to decline to 197.1% of GDP in 2021, still 16.4% above the 2019 debt-to-GDP ratio.  
Various measures announced by Greek and European authorities in response to the economic and market 
conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, with the most significant relating to the activation of the 
Next Generation EU (NGEU) on 21 July 2020 (which was approved by the European Parliament on 10

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
24 
 
 
November 2020, Sources: Council of the European Union, European Council conclusions, 17-21 July 2020 
and Council of the European Union, Next multiannual financial framework and recovery package: Council 
presidency reaches political agreement with the European Parliament, 10 November 2020) could provide 
support to Greece’s medium-term growth. In particular, the NGEU is expected to speed up the reversal of 
activity losses in 2020 and bolster critical elements of activity, such as business and public investment. 
Greece is one of the top recipients among the EU countries, with grants under the Recovery and Resilience 
Facility (RRF), which is the main financing programme of the NGEU, for the period 2021 to 2026 
amounting to €17.8 billion (10.8% of 2020 GDP) and increasing to €30.5 billion, if lending under the same 
mechanism is included (Source: European Commission, Factsheet: Greece’s recovery and resilience plan, 
June 2021). The first tranche of the RRF financing was disbursed to Greece by the European Commission in 
August 2021 amounting to €4.0 billion – equivalent to 13% of the country's grant and loan allocation under 
the RRF – with about €5.0 billion expected in 2022 (Sources: European Commission, Press Release, 
NextGenerationEU: European Commission disburses €4 billion in pre-financing to Greece, August 2021 and 
Ministry of Finance, Budget 2022, November 2021). See further “The effort to restore conditions of 
economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its long-term competitiveness, as well as to 
support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may not lead to the intended return of the 
economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully 
resolved, especially in view of further deterioration due to the COVID-19 crisis, which could have a material 
adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects” below. 
Greek asset valuations and market activity in 2018-2021 
Greek financial asset valuations had started to recover following the successful completion of the Third 
Programme, along with the broad-based improvement in economic conditions since 2018, with the yields of 
Greek Government Bonds (GGBs) following a broadly steady downward trend, which intensified in 2020-
2021 due to the exceptional inclusion to the European Central Bank’s (ECB) temporary Pandemic 
Emergency Purchase Programme (PEPP). Increasing government bond purchases under the PEPP (that 
reached €32.2 billion between March 2020 and September 2021), along with the relatively benign debt 
servicing profile of the Hellenic Republic, have contributed to the significant appreciation of Greek 
sovereign bonds. Specifically, the ten-year GGB yield dropped by 340 bps cumulatively in 2018-2019 and to 
an all-time low of 0.59% in August 2021. GGB yields peaked up slightly in October-November 2021 (with 
the ten-year GGB yield at 1.2% in mid-November 2021), against a backdrop of increasing market worries 
regarding the rapid acceleration in inflation pressures worldwide, which could lead to a faster unwinding of 
the very accommodative monetary policy. The future acceptance of securities issued by the Hellenic 
Republic in the ECB’s asset purchase mechanisms, following the planned expiration of the PEPP (currently 
scheduled for March 2022), remains uncertain since the Hellenic Republic’s rating is still non-investment 
grade. Nonetheless, Greece’s sovereign assets will continue to benefit from PEPP reinvestments, which will 
continue at least until the end of 2023, whereas the ECB is reported to be investigating methods to ensure a 
smooth unwinding of the PEPP, which will not put stress on government bond yields. 
Against this supportive backdrop, the Hellenic Republic accessed the markets several times in the period 
2018-2021, at increasingly competitive terms, raising a total gross amount of €38 billion, through the 
issuance of GGBs with maturities ranging between five years and 30 years and an exchange offer between 
the Hellenic Republic and the Bank, who exchanged its three GGBs for a new GGB with a maturity of 30 
years (Sources: Public Debt Management Agency, Announcements on the issuance of government bonds, 
2018-2021 and National Bank of Greece, Announcement on the Exchange of Greek Government Bonds, 22 
January 2020). 
Similarly, equity and real estate valuations recorded significant cumulative gains in the last four years, 
starting from a very low basis, with the ASE General Index increasing by 16.7% between 2018 and the first 
ten months of 2021 – showing, however, high volatility during this period – and residential real estate prices 
up by 14.1% cumulatively in 2018-2020 and by 6.1% year-on-year in the nine months of 2021. Moreover, 
improved investors’ confidence regarding Greece’s economic prospects led to increasing inflows of foreign 
direct investment amounting to €14.6 billion, cumulatively, in the period between 2018 and the first nine

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
25 
 
 
months of 2021 (Sources: Athens Exchange Group, Historic Information on Indices, Bank of Greece Real 
Estate database and Bank of Greece, Balance of Payments Statistics). 
There are still considerable risks surrounding the Greek economy’s prospects, including uncertainties 
regarding the near-term outlook for private consumption, as well as business investment and the  private 
sector’s capital spending and lending decisions, in view of (i) the protracted impact of the preceding crises, 
(ii) the required rebalancing of the fiscal position following the COVID-19 shock and (iii) the probability of 
a tightening in monetary policy due to rising inflation worldwide. The Group’s business activities are 
dependent on the level of banking, finance and financial products and services it offers, as well as customers’ 
capacity to repay their liabilities. In particular, the levels of savings and credit demand are heavily dependent 
on customer confidence, disposable income trends and the availability and cost of funding, each of which 
factors continues to show a relatively slow improvement in Greece. Moreover, the Group’s customers may 
further decrease their risk tolerance to non-deposit investments such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds, 
which would continue to adversely affect the Group’s fee and commission income. For related information, 
see “The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a protracted period 
and legacy effects from the fiscal crisis and from the COVID-19 crisis may impose further constraints on 
economic activity in Greece” and “The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic 
Republic and enhance its long-term competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and 
continuity of reforms may not lead to the intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue 
of the Hellenic Republic’s debt sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of further 
deterioration due to the COVID-19 crisis, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects” below.  
The Hellenic Republic’s commitment to achieve very demanding fiscal targets for a protracted period and 
legacy effects from the fiscal crisis and from the COVID-19 crisis may impose further constraints on 
economic activity in Greece. 
The significant increase in Greece’s fiscal credibility, due to the overperformance vis-à-vis the fiscal targets 
under the Third Programme and the Enhanced Surveillance Framework, enabled the government to 
implement a significant amount of fiscal expansion measures in 2020-2021. In response to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the government has put in place more than €30.0 billion of fiscal and liquidity support measures, 
engineering a sizable fiscal expansion (Sources: Ministry of Finance, MTFS 2022-2025, June 2021 and  
Budget 2022, November 2021). However, the requirement to restore a sustainable fiscal equilibrium in the 
medium term, as agreed under the Enhanced Surveillance Framework, following the lifting of the suspension 
in the EU of the “general escape clause” from fiscal rules due to the pandemic, poses the risk of (i) an 
increase in the effective burden from taxes (personal, corporate, indirect and consumption taxes), in the event 
that additional fiscal effort will be required to meet the fiscal targets, and/or (ii) a sharper-than-anticipated 
reduction in government spending, with a view to ensure the achievement of the agreed fiscal surpluses that 
permit a sustainable reduction in the public debt. The above factors could impose further constraints on 
economic activity and result in weaker than initially expected GDP growth outcomes in the coming years, 
while in conjunction with other fiscal measures could also exert additional pressure on private sector 
spending and liquidity.  
The fiscal position of the Hellenic Republic deteriorated sharply in 2020, due to the extraordinary 
interventions to address the effects of COVID-19. The primary deficit in general government reached 7.9% 
of GDP in 2020, compared with a primary surplus of 3.2% of GDP in 2019. The 2022 Budget envisages a 
primary deficit of 7.3% of GDP in 2021, which is projected to decrease significantly in 2022 (-1.2% of 
GDP), since the burden of most extraordinary measures enacted during 2020-2021 will dissipate, while 
strong GDP growth (estimated at 6.9% year-on-year in 2021 and 4.5% year-on-year in 2022, according to 
the Ministry of Finance) is expected to support revenue (Sources: EL.STAT., Fiscal Data, October 2021 and 
Ministry of Finance, Budget 2022, November 2021). The Hellenic Republic’s gross General Government 
debt is estimated to have spiked to 206.3% of GDP in 2020, a year earlier than previously anticipated, and is 
expected to decline to 197.1% of GDP in 2021 and to 189.6% of GDP in 2022, with the downward trend 
intensifying from 2023 onwards, supported by robust GDP growth and the use of about €10.0 billion of the

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
26 
 
 
cash buffer in 2022 for earlier repayment of debt categories with higher servicing costs (Source: Ministry of 
Finance, Budget 2022, November 2021). Although the agreement with the European institutions and the 
extremely benign terms of official loans, along with the historically low Greek government bond yields, 
ensure a manageable path for the debt-servicing cost of the Hellenic Republic, nonetheless, there are some 
significant contingent liabilities for the State. These potential liabilities which are mainly related to the 
additional cost of liquidity measures – backed by €1.7 billion of government guarantees granted in 2020-
2021, along with the €8.5 billion of guarantees provided by the Greek State for securitisations of bank’s non-
performing exposures (NPEs) under the Hellenic Asset Protection scheme until September 2021 (also 
known as “Hercules” – according to which the State provides a guarantee for the senior, less risky notes of 
the securitisation vehicle and in exchange receives a commission at market terms) could give rise to 
additional fiscal risks in the medium term and potentially cause a deterioration in leverage metrics and the 
debt servicing capacity of the private sector in the event that a part of these guarantees is called (Source: 
PDMA, Hellenic Republic Public Debt Bulletin, September 2021). Moreover, significant uncertainty 
surrounds the prospective pace of fiscal policy reversal required to restore a fiscal equilibrium and alignment 
with the EU’s fiscal rules in the coming years – following the sharp widening in deficit due to the pandemic 
– and the subsequent drag on economic activity in the medium term. 
Latest developments in 2021 and challenges 
In the first nine months of 2021, the performance of the Greek economy exceeded expectations, as reviving 
consumer spending and tourism boosted business activity and led to a stronger-than-expected rebound in 
GDP in the second quarter of 2021. Greece’s GDP grew by 16.2% year-on-year in the second quarter of 
2021 – compared with a 13.9% year-on-year contraction in the respective lockdown quarter in 2020 – 
against a backdrop of the reopening of economic activities, declining uncertainty, revived domestic and 
external demand, and accelerating production (Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly National Accounts, Press 
Release, second Quarter 2021, September 2021). GDP components related to business activity – such as 
fixed capital formation and corporate profitability – exceeded their pre-COVID levels. Moreover, high-
frequency information from business surveys, business turnover, industrial production, mobility and tourism 
data indicate that the strong momentum has continued into the third quarter of 2021, with annual GDP 
growth remaining at a double-digit level. However, the pace of recovery following the end of the COVID-19 
pandemic remains uncertain, with lagged effects from the pandemic shock being compounded by still 
significant pandemic risks for the remainder of the year in the presence of more infectious COVID-19 
variants – since the vaccination coverage of the population remains lower than the EU average – and a faster-
than-expected reflation of the global economy, accompanied by sharply increasing energy prices. 
Greece’s consumer price index (CPI) increased to an 11-year high of 3.4% year-on-year in October 2021, 
with an increasing number of firms starting to be affected by rising production costs and input shortages or 
delivery delays. CPI inflation is expected to accelerate further in the remainder of the year, as imported 
inflation (especially on energy products) and the potential pressure from disruptions in the global supply 
chain are expected to trickle down to consumer prices. The government is implementing a new set of fiscal 
measures to counteract the energy shock for households, but the business sector is likely to be significantly 
affected in the coming months. Moreover, the risk of a more persistent upsurge in inflation internationally 
starts to weigh on the markets’ assessment of monetary policy developments after a prolonged period of 
ultra-expansionary stance. Government and private sector financing costs could rise in the event that major 
central banks and, especially the ECB, proceed to a more rapid unwinding of the extraordinary liquidity 
stimulus. 
The intensity of the original COVID-19 shock, remaining health risks due to COVID-19 variants, 
insufficient immunisation of the population and the evolving energy shock could possibly lead to a persistent 
difference in the speed of the recovery among business sectors according to their characteristics. In addition, 
increased risks from the rapid reflation of the global economy and the sharp increase in energy prices could 
take a heavier toll on household disposable income and business activity, especially in the fourth quarter of 
2021 and the first quarter of 2022, despite the activation of supportive fiscal measures. Potential downside 
risks from the above factors on the private sector’s financial position and asset valuations could have an

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
27 
 
 
adverse effect on the Group and the financial sector as a whole. For further information, see “The effort to 
restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its long-term 
competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may not lead to the 
intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic Republic’s debt 
sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of further deterioration due to the COVID-19 
crisis, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition or prospects” below. 
The effort to restore conditions of economic normalcy in the Hellenic Republic and enhance its long-term 
competitiveness, as well as to support the completion, delivery and continuity of reforms may not lead to the 
intended return of the economy to sustainable growth and the issue of the Hellenic Republic’s debt 
sustainability may not be fully resolved, especially in view of further deterioration due to the COVID-19 
crisis, which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition or prospects 
Over the past decade, the Hellenic Republic has undertaken significant structural measures intended to 
restore competitiveness and promote economic growth in Greece through the financial support programmes 
agreed with the IMF, the ECB, the ESM and the EC (the Institutions). A programme was initially agreed in 
May 2010 (the First Programme, Source: IMF Country Report No. 10/110, May 2010) and was renewed by 
way of a second economic adjustment programme in March 2012 and further amended pursuant to 
Eurogroup decisions of November 2012 (the Second Programme, Sources: IMF, Country Report No. 12/57, 
March 2012, European Commission, Occasional paper on Greece March 2012 and Eurogroup Statement on 
Greece, November 2012). The First Programme and the Second Programme established, through related 
financial facility agreements signed between the Hellenic Republic, the participating Eurozone countries, the 
European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF) and the IMF, financing intended to fully cover the Hellenic 
Republic’s external financing needs until the end of 2014, conditioned on the implementation of a number of 
fiscal adjustment policies and growth enhancing structural reforms. On 8 December 2014, the Eurogroup 
announced a “technical extension” of the EU side of the Second Programme to the end of February 2015 
(Source: Eurogroup statement, 8 December 2014). On 20 February 2015, the Eurogroup agreed to a four 
month extension of the Master Financial Assistance Facility Agreement (MFFA) underpinning the Second 
Programme (Source: Eurogroup Statement, 20 February 2015). 
On 19 August 2015, the Hellenic Republic entered into a MoU with the EC and the ESM for the provision of 
further stability support accompanied by the Third Programme. The Third Programme was designed to 
support a sustainable fiscal consolidation and promote key structural reforms (Source: ESM, Press Releases, 
20 August, 2015). On 21 June 2018, the Eurogroup confirmed the successful conclusion of the fourth review 
and, therefore, the effective completion of the Third Programme, and also welcomed the commitment of the 
Greek authorities to continue with and complete all key reforms adopted under the Third Programme 
(Source: Eurogroup Statement, 22 June 2018). On 11 July 2018, following the preceding Eurogroup 
agreement, the EC adopted the decision on the activation of enhanced surveillance for Greece, under Article 
2(1) of the EU Regulation 472/2013, for a renewable period of six months. The Hellenic Republic officially 
concluded its three-year ESM financial assistance programme on 20 August 2018 (Source: ESM, Press 
Release, 20 August 2018). The Enhanced Surveillance Framework has entered into force, following the 
Third Programme completion on 20 August 2018, and has been designed to support the completion, delivery 
and continuity of reforms that Greece has committed to implement under the Third Programme, ensure a 
smooth transition of the economy to normalcy and maintain a high degree of credibility (Source: European 
Commission, Commission Implementing Decision of 11 July 2018 on the activation of enhanced 
surveillance for Greece).  
These remaining reforms are mainly related to the areas of fiscal efficiency, structural reforms, social 
welfare, financial stability, labour and product markets efficiency, privatisation and public administration 
and could impose further constraints on economic activity and could result in weaker than initially expected 
GDP growth outcomes in future years. Despite the completion of the Third Programme, the stabilisation of 
economic activity and the improvement in economic sentiment, the financial position of the private sector

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
28 
 
 
has been severely impaired by the multi-year recession and the COVID-19 pandemic, factors that are 
expected to continue to have an adverse impact on economic conditions in the Hellenic Republic. The eleven 
Enhanced Surveillance reports, released between 2018 and 2021, have acknowledged Greece’s progress 
achieved in certain areas and specific commitments that have been completed. However, the latest report 
(released on 22 September 2021) has also stressed some risks related to the impact, especially on the private 
sector, of the COVID-19 crisis and the phasing out of the state support measures, as well as the need to step 
up certain remaining reforms, such as the target to clear the stocks of pension and non-pension arrears and 
the timely reduction of non-performing loans (NPLs), in conjunction with the efficient and complete 
application of the new legal and administrative framework that improves collateral recoveries and inhibits 
the creation of new NPLs. A new increase in uncertainty in the event that the regular progress reporting 
under the Enhanced Surveillance Framework indicates diversion from the agreed reforms, and/or further 
potential downside risks for economic activity from continuing fiscal pressure on the private sector’s 
financial position and asset valuations imposed by the ongoing recession due to the pandemic could have a 
material adverse impact on the Bank’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.  
Moreover, if the benefits from the significant economic adjustment and structural reforms to Greece’s 
economic performance are smaller than initially expected, and/or the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are 
more protracted than currently envisaged and extend beyond 2021, they could further weaken Greece’s fiscal 
position, weigh on sovereign risk premia and on banking system performance, including the performance of 
the Group, and create uncertainties, bringing forward the need for additional interventions for public debt. 
Conditions in the banking sector  
The Greek sovereign debt crisis had a substantial impact on the real economy and the Greek banking sector, 
leading to a multi-year deleveraging – in the period 2008-2017 credit private sector growth declined by 
26.3% cumulatively – and a sharp contraction of private sector deposits (by €98.6 billion between 2008 and 
2017). However, clear signs of improvement started to show from 2018 onwards, with credit growth entering 
positive territory and private sector deposits returning on an upward trend. Bank credit to corporations 
increased by 0.9% per annum, on average, in 2018-2019 and private sector deposits by €16.8 billion 
cumulatively in the same period. Notably, the banking system showed remarkable resilience to the COVID-
19 outbreak in 2020. Bank lending to the private sector grew by 3.5% year-on-year in the 2020 fiscal year 
and continued to expand  at a slower annual pace of 0.7% in the first nine months of 2021, on the back of 
increased lending to corporates (+10.0% year-on-year in the 2020 fiscal year and +2.8% year-on-year in the 
first nine months of 2021). Private sector deposits increased by another €10.1 billion in the first nine months 
of 2021 (with corporate deposits increasing by €4.5 billion and household deposits by €5.6 billion, in this 
period), following a €20.6 billion increase in 2020 (Source: Bank of Greece, Monetary and Banking 
Statistics). Notably, the increase in corporate deposits is, mainly, attributed to: i) the cash accumulation of 
the more competitive and resilient firms, which experience a rapid increase in their turnover, ii) lower 
outflows, due to the debt moratoria and the tax deferrals, and iii) the extension of credit lines to corporates; 
whereas the pick-up in household deposits in the same period, mainly, reflects precautionary savings, state 
subsidies and lower outflows for debt servicing. 
NPLs rose sharply during the multi-year crisis, with the NPL ratio peaking at 49.1% in the first quarter of 
2017 and starting to gradually decline in 2018-2021, on the back of synchronised bank efforts and 
government support through the provision of guarantees to loan securitisations. Greek banks have securitised 
or sold NPLs in recent years reducing total NPL ratio by about 29% from the 2017 peak, to 20.3% in the first 
semester of 2021. The progress has been supported by the activation of the state-sponsored Hellenic Asset 
Protection Scheme (“Hercules”), which provided government guarantees for the senior tranches of the 
bank’s NPEs securitisations with an upper limit of guarantees of €12 billion on the senior tranches of 
securitisations. In April 2021, this Scheme was extended until October 2022, under the “Hercules II” 
programme, with the provision of another €12 billion of guarantees on the senior tranches of securitisations, 
in order to speed up the final phase of clearance of bank portfolios (Source: Hellenic Financial Stability 
Fund).

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
29 
 
 
However, adverse legacy effects and the challenges surrounding the successful workout of the NPLs 
transferred to NPL-servicing companies will continue to affect banking activity. The financial position of a 
significant share of households and enterprises remains weak and has been further stressed by COVID-19, 
despite the significant State support. Although the impact of the COVID-19 crisis on the private sector’s debt 
servicing behaviour remains limited, with most debtors – even those that take advantage of temporary relief 
schemes – servicing their debt in 2021, the legacy effects of the multi-year crisis continue to weigh on the 
financing position of a significant part of private sector entities. Despite the rapid pace of disposals of NPLs 
by Greek banks and the concomitant significant reduction of the NPL ratio, the amount of impaired assets 
and the number of overleveraged entities remain significantly higher than the euro area average at an 
economy-wide level. The above factors, in conjunction with the sizeable stock of private sector tax and 
social security contribution arrears, as well as the relatively low private saving rate – compared to other euro 
area countries – impose additional risks on banking activity and portfolio quality. All these entities are 
unlikely to face a rapid improvement in their creditworthiness and liquidity position in the near term and by 
delaying or cancelling potential spending decisions will continue to slow the recovery process of the 
economy and impede the recovery of asset valuations. 
A resurgence of default risks for the Hellenic Republic would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business and could lead to a higher cost of funding or the inability of the Bank to raise capital. 
The ability of the Hellenic Republic to service its outstanding debt depends on a variety of factors, including 
the overall health of the Greek economy, the GDP growth rate that can be achieved in future years, the 
maintenance of sound fiscal and current account positions and the provision by the official lenders of 
additional concessions for lowering debt-servicing costs. The extraordinary reversal of the fiscal position as 
a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting deep recession are expected to lead to a 
significant deterioration in Government deficit and debt figures in 2020. In the event of the re-emergence of 
the need for an additional restructuring of the Hellenic Republic’s debt, owing to adverse conditions arising 
from the foregoing or other influences, the Bank’s regulatory capital would be severely affected due to its 
direct exposure to Hellenic Republic debt as well as due to the indirect effects of the credit event on the 
Bank’s borrowers (and thus asset quality) and on investor confidence, requiring the Bank to raise additional 
capital. In addition, if the Hellenic Republic were to default on its debt obligations to the Bank, the latter 
could suffer losses and require further capital. There can be no assurance that, under the above described 
stress conditions, the Bank could raise any or all of the required additional capital on acceptable terms. 
The Bank’s wholesale borrowing costs and access to liquidity and capital may be negatively affected by, and 
there may be further material adverse consequences to the Group of, any future downgrades of the Hellenic 
Republic’s credit rating. 
The capacity of the Hellenic Republic to maintain continuous access to market financing at competitive costs 
is an important element of Greece’s economic and financial recovery and will be closely related to the 
financial conditions of the private sector in the coming years. The terms of this access remain also dependent 
on international economic conditions and sources of financial risk, as well as on the prospective path of 
domestic disposable income and Greek asset valuations. In response to the significant progress in fiscal 
adjustment and macroeconomic recovery, major rating agencies upgraded the Hellenic Republic’s rating to 
two to three notches below investment grade. In particular, Moody’s upgraded Greece’s long-term sovereign 
rating to “Ba3” on 6 November 2020, with a stable outlook, citing the country’s successful steps towards a 
sustainable improvement in institutional strength (including tax administration and compliance and the fight 
against corruption) and favourable growth prospects coupled with inflows of the NGEU as the key factors of 
this decision. In addition, S&P Ratings upgraded Greece’s sovereign bond rating to “BB” with a positive 
outlook on 23 April 2021, while Fitch Global Ratings affirmed Greece’s sovereign rating at “BB” with a 
stable outlook on 16 July 2021, recognising the substantial benefit the Greek economy will receive from 
available facilities under the NGEU agreement. (Sources: S&P Ratings, Fitch Global Ratings and Moody’s 
press releases on Greek Sovereign outlook). Nevertheless, there are still considerable uncertainties 
surrounding the prospective pace of improvement in the country’s sovereign rating, which is also closely 
related to the private sector’s creditworthiness.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
30 
 
 
The rating agencies note that the probability of new downgrades of the Hellenic Republic’s rating could re-
appear in the event of an emergence of doubts about the country’s commitment to maintaining a sound fiscal 
position and in case of the country’s failure to reduce government debt as a percentage of GDP over the short 
term, in the event of, for example, a more pronounced and longer period of fiscal easing and weak economic 
performance. A stabilisation or even a downgrade of the Hellenic Republic’s rating may also occur if official 
sector lenders waiver from their commitment to conditionally provide further relief to the Hellenic 
Republic’s debt servicing costs, if needed, in the future, as the activation or not of this package is conditional 
to the debt sustainability review planned at the end of the extended grace period on the specific part of the 
EFSF loans in 2032 (Source: Eurogroup Statement, 24 May 2018). Moreover, in their latest assessment of 
the Greek economy, following the eruption of the COVID-19 pandemic, the rating agencies refer to the 
considerable uncertainty surrounding the macroeconomic and fiscal impact of the pandemic on Greece’s 
future credit profile, and the probability of adverse developments in the banking sector – via the 
crystallisation of contingent liabilities on the sovereign's balance sheet and/or an inability to undertake new 
lending to support economic growth – that could increase risks to public finances and the real economy. 
Should any downgrades occur or rating outlooks turn negative, the financing costs of the Hellenic Republic 
would increase and its access to market financing could be disrupted, with negative effects on the cost of 
capital for Greek banks (including the Bank) and the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Downgrades of the Hellenic Republic’s credit rating could also result in a corresponding 
downgrade in the Bank’s credit rating and, as a result, increase wholesale borrowing costs and the Bank’s 
access to liquidity. 
High outflows of funds from customer deposits could cause an increase in the Group’s costs of funding and if 
such outflows were to continue it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operating results, 
financial condition and liquidity prospects. 
Historically, the Group’s principal source of funds has been customer deposits, the majority of which are 
from the Group’s Greek depositor base. However, during the first half of 2015, the Bank suffered significant 
deposit outflows, which were stopped by the imposition of the bank holiday and the capital controls as from 
28 June 2015. Since the Group relies on customer deposits for the majority of its funding, if its depositors 
withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which borrowers repay their loans, or if the Group is 
unable to obtain the necessary liquidity by other means, it may be unable to maintain its current levels of 
funding without incurring significantly higher funding costs or having to liquidate certain of its assets, or 
without increasing access to the ECB and the Bank of Greece under their exceptional terms. Although the 
Group’s domestic deposits stabilised in 2016, followed by an increasing trend from 2017 to 2020 there can 
be no assurance that outflows will not recur following the lifting of the capital controls effective 1 September 
2019. Furthermore, deposit levels in Greece may be adversely affected as a result of the transposition of the 
BRRD in Greece, which, inter alia, requires the participation of a financial institution’s unsecured depositors 
(of any amounts exceeding insured limits) in case of resolution proceedings of such institution. For 
information about resolution proceedings and tools available, see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in 
Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” below. 
The on-going availability of customer deposits to fund the Group’s loan portfolio is subject to changes due to 
factors outside its control, such as depositors’ concerns relating to the economy in general, the financial 
services industry or the Bank specifically, significant further deterioration in economic conditions in Greece 
reducing the availability of funds for deposits and the availability and extent of deposit guarantees. 
Unusually high levels of withdrawals could have the result that the Bank or another member of the Group 
may not be in a position to continue to operate without additional funding support, which it may be unable to 
secure. Any of these factors separately or in combination could lead to a sustained reduction in the Group’s 
ability to access customer deposit funding on appropriate terms in the future, which would impact the 
Group’s ability to fund its operations and meet its minimum liquidity requirements and have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
31 
 
 
If additional ECB or ELA funding is needed in the future it will be subject to ECB rules relating to the 
eligibility and valuation of collateral used for funding such as Greek government bonds. 
The economic crisis in Greece has adversely affected the Group’s credit risk profile, which has from time to 
time prevented the Group from obtaining funding in the capital markets, and increased the cost of such 
funding and the need for additional collateral requirements in repo contracts and other secured funding 
arrangements, including those with the ECB. Although the Group’s access to capital markets has gradually 
been reinstated over recent years, concerns relating to the on-going impact of current economic conditions 
and potential delays in the completion by the Greek government of key structural reforms initiated under the 
Third Programme and subjected to the post-programme Enhanced Surveillance Framework may restrict the 
Group’s ability to obtain funding in the capital markets in the near and medium term.  
The Bank’s principal sources of liquidity are (i) its deposit base, (ii) Eurosystem funding via the Main 
Refinancing Operations (MROs) and the Targeted Longer term Refinancing Operations (TLTROs) with the 
ECB and (iii) repurchase securities agreements (repos) with major foreign financial institutions. ECB 
funding and repos with financial institutions are collateralised by high quality liquid assets, such as EU 
sovereign bonds, Greek government bonds and Treasury Bills (T Bills), as well as by other assets, such as 
highly rated corporate loans, covered bonds and asset backed securities issued by the Bank.  
Although the Group’s Eurosystem funding has decreased significantly, with zero dependence on ELA as of 
30 June 2019, there can be no assurance that the Group’s funding needs will continue to be met by, or that 
the Group will continue to have access to, Eurosystem funding in the future. In addition, following the Greek 
government’s decision to lift the capital controls, deposit outflows could have a material adverse impact on 
the Group’s deposit base and on the amount of the Group’s ECB and ELA eligible collateral, which could 
have a material adverse impact on the Group’s liquidity and the Group’s ability to access Eurosystem 
funding in the future, which may in turn threaten the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern (see also 
“There is uncertainty about the Bank’s ability to continue as a “going concern””). 
Furthermore, the liquidity the Group is able to access from the ECB or ELA may be adversely affected by 
changes in ECB and Bank of Greece rules relating to collateral. If the ECB or the Bank of Greece were to 
revise their respective collateral standards, remove asset classes from being accepted, or increase the rating 
requirements for collateral securities such that certain instruments were not eligible to serve as collateral 
with the ECB or the Bank of Greece, the Group’s access to these facilities could be diminished and the cost 
of obtaining such funds could increase. In addition the amount of funding available from the ECB or the 
Bank of Greece is tied to the value of the collateral the Group has provided, which may decline. If the value 
of the Group’s assets decline, then the amount of funding the Group can obtain from the ECB or the Bank of 
Greece will be proportionally limited. Increases in past due loans will also negatively affect the available 
collateral used for funding purposes (see also “Deteriorating asset valuations may adversely affect the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition and may limit its ability to post collateral for 
Eurosystem funding purposes.” below). 
In March 2019 the ECB announced a new series of quarterly targeted longer-term refinancing operations 
(TLTRO III) to be launched between September 2019 and March 2021, each with a maturity of two years.  
It is not possible to predict the duration and extent of such liquidity support in the future, assuming it is not 
withdrawn completely. If such support were to be withdrawn or reduced, the Group would need to seek 
alternative sources of funding, which it may not succeed in doing, whether on equally favourable cost terms, 
or at all. 
Deteriorating asset valuations may adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition and may limit its ability to post collateral for Eurosystem funding purposes. 
The Group is a large provider of loans in Greece and it has significant exposure to the financial performance 
and creditworthiness of companies and individuals mainly in Greece. Τhe mixed global economic recovery

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
32 
 
 
and economic crisis in Greece has resulted in an increase in the Group’s past due loans and significant 
changes in the fair values of the Group’s financial assets. 
A substantial portion of the Group’s loans and advances to corporate and individual borrowers are secured 
by collateral such as real estate, securities, vessels, term deposits and receivables. In particular, as mortgage 
loans are one of the Group’s principal assets, the Group is currently highly exposed to developments in the 
real estate markets, especially in Greece. Significant adjustment in residential valuations started in 2009 and 
continued at a rapid pace from 2010 to the end of 2017 (with prices having fallen by 42.2% by the end of 
2017 compared to their peak in 2008, Sources: Bank of Greece, Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, 
September-October 2021 and Bank of Greece, Real Estate database). The Greek real estate market has 
shown increasing signs of revival since 2018, with residential valuations increasing by 14.1% in the period 
between 2018 and 2020, while prices of prime commercial spaces (average of retail and office prices) 
increased by 13.2% in the same period (Sources: Bank of Greece, Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, 
September-October 2021 and Bank of Greece, Real Estate database). In this vein, construction activity has 
also picked up, with residential construction increasing by 22.8% year-on-year in 2018, for the first time 
since 2007, and by 7.5%, on average, in 2019-2020 (Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly gross fixed capital 
formation, 2nd Quarter 2021). Nonetheless, the absolute number of domestic market transactions remains 
significantly lower compared with the period 2000-2008, whereas the role of foreign demand related to 
short-term online rental activity, as well as to secondary home purchases by non-residents, is significant. 
Accordingly, downside risks remain considerable in view of a still sizeable backlog of unsold houses and 
relatively high effective tax burden, despite a 22% weighted average reduction in the unified property tax 
(ENFIA) applied in 2019 and a suspension of the VAT rate on new buildings and of the capital gains tax rate 
on property for the next three years included in the Draft Budget for 2020 (Sources: Hellenic Parliament, L. 
4621, (in Greek), 31 July 2019 and Ministry of Finance, Draft Budget for 2020 (in Greek)).  
The residential market exhibited a high degree of resilience in 2020 and the first nine months of 2021, 
despite the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. House prices rose by 4.5% year-on-year in 2020 
and by 6.1% year-on-year in the first nine months of 2021. In 2021 residential prices increased for a 15th 
consecutive quarter on a year-on year basis (7.9% in the third quarter from 6.2% in the second quarter and 
4.5% in the first quarter). The Athens area continued to outperform the market average (9.8% year-on-year 
in the third quarter of 2021 from 7.5% year-on-year in the first semester of 2021). House prices have 
appreciated by 24.2% from their lowest point in the third quarter of 2017, while prices in the region of 
Athens have risen by 35.8% from their bottom in the first quarter of 2017 (Source: Bank of Greece, Bulletin 
of Conjunctural Indicators, September-October 2021 and Bank of Greece, Real Estate database). The 
resilience of the real estate market reflects the support from pent-up demand and limited supply of new 
buildings, which offset the compression of the demand from abroad through short-term rental platforms and 
outright purchases by non-residents, including the golden visa programme (e.g. transactions related to the 
golden visa programme declined by 73.5% year-on-year in 2020, and remained low during 2021 as well, 
with 750 licenses issued in the first ten months of 2021 and 940 in the 2020 fiscal year compared with 3,540 
in the 2019 fiscal year, Source: Greek Ministry of Migration and Asylum, General Secretariat for Migration 
Policy database). Construction activity started to respond to rising demand, increasing by 10.5% year-on-
year in 2020 and by 5.7% year-on-year in the first semester of 2021, on the back of higher residential 
construction and public works activity (Source: EL.STAT., Quarterly National Accounts, second Quarter 
2021, September 2021). The number of residential building permits issued in 2020 exceeded by 13.2% their 
2019 level, increasing further by 51.2% year-on-year in the first seven months of 2021 (Source: EL.STAT., 
Building Activity Survey database).  
Downside risks mainly related to scarring effects of the pandemic and remaining health risks due to COVID-
19, as well as to the evolving energy shock, which could possibly lead to a persistent difference in the speed 
of the recovery, could weigh on the private sector’s financial position and economic sentiment and, thus, 
lead to a deterioration of economic and business conditions in sectors and activities that the Group’s 
borrowers operate, or in the market of the collateral, which may result in the value of collateral falling below 
the outstanding principal balance for some loans, particularly those disbursed in the years prior to the crisis. 
A decline in the value of collateral or the Group’s ability to obtain additional collateral, may require the

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
33 
 
 
Group to establish additional allowance for loan losses. The value of assets collateralising the Group’s 
secured loans, including residential and other real estate, remains highly sensitive in the event of re-
emergence of pressure on real estate valuations. Such a decline could result in further impairment of the 
value of the Group’s loan assets or an increase in the level of the Group’s past due loans, either of which will 
limit the Group’s ability to post collateral to obtain ELA and ECB funding. Furthermore, the very protracted 
period of poor economic conditions and the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially and 
adversely affected the liquidity, business activity and financial condition of the Group’s borrowers, which in 
turn has led to sharp increases in the Group’s past due loan ratios, impairment charges on loans and other 
financial assets, and decreased demand for borrowings in general, while the additional pressure on financial 
and real estate asset valuations could translate into a further deterioration of the economy. In the adverse 
scenario of a re-emergence of pressure on real estate market activity and valuations, the financial 
performance and creditworthiness of the Group’s borrowers could worsen further or stagnate, while the 
quality of the Group’s loan portfolio could start to deteriorate again, having a material adverse impact on the 
Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
An increase in financial market volatility or adverse changes in the marketability of the Group’s assets could 
impair the Group’s ability to value certain of its assets and exposures. The value the Group ultimately 
realises will depend on the fair value determined at that time and may be materially different from current 
value. Any decrease in the value of such assets and exposures could require the Group to realise additional 
impairment charges, which could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations, 
as well as its capital adequacy. 
There can be no assurance that the Bank’s capital will be sufficient, in particular if economic conditions in 
Greece do not improve or if they deteriorate further. 
There can be no assurance that the Bank will not require further capital in future periods in order to continue 
to meet its capital adequacy requirements (see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – EU-wide 
stress test 2020” below). 
The potential deterioration in the credit quality of the Group’s assets as result of the economic implications 
from the COVID-19 crisis, may exceed current expectations, lead to additional impairments in the future 
which may result in higher losses than currently anticipated, or the regulators may otherwise increase their 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) asset quality requirements for the Group. Any of these 
consequences may in turn generate the need for the Group to raise additional capital. 
Further to the above, the four systemic Banks in Greece (Alpha Bank, the Bank, Eurobank and Piraeus Bank) 
on 31 July 2018 entered into a servicing agreement with a credit institution specialised on servicing of NPLs, 
doBank S.p.A (doBank). This agreement is part of the strategic framework of the Greek systemic banks to 
reduce their NPEs by protecting the viability of small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs) and supporting 
the recovery of the Greek economy. 
To the extent that part of the NPE decrease is achieved through sales of loans at prices below their net 
carrying amount, the Group may recognize additional charges in such periods. If the levels of additional 
charges are significant, the Group could be required to raise additional capital to absorb any losses. 
Furthermore, the Group anticipates that stress tests or other supervisory exercises analysing the strength and 
resilience of the European banking sector will continue to be carried out by national and supranational 
supervisory authorities in future periods. (See also “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – EU-
wide stress test 2020” below).  
Loss of confidence in the European banking sector following the announcement of any future stress tests, a 
market perception that any such tests are not sufficiently rigorous or capital shortfalls identified by such 
stress tests or by any other supervisory exercises that assess the classification and provisioning practices 
applied by the Group could also have a negative effect on the Group’s operations and financial condition.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
34 
 
 
Furthermore, the results of any stress tests or other supervisory exercises may result in a requirement for the 
Group to raise additional capital. 
There is uncertainty about the Bank’s ability to continue as a “going concern”. 
The going concern basis of the Bank is dependent on access to the Eurosystem facilities, the Bank’s and the 
Group’s CET1 ratio exceeding the OCR and recent developments regarding the Greek economy, including 
the latest estimates regarding macroeconomic indicators and measures that have been adopted from 2020 in 
order to provide support to the European banking system and to the Greek economy in dealing with COVID-
19. Management concluded that the Bank is a going concern and that the application of the going concern 
principle for the preparation of the interim financial statements as at 30 September 2021 is appropriate after 
considering (a) the current level of ECB funding solely from the TLTROs and the current access to the 
Eurosystem facilities with significant collateral buffer and Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable 
Funding Ratio (NSFR) well above 100%, (b) the Group’s CET1 ratio at 30 September 2021 which exceeded 
the OCR, and (c) the extensive and continuous fiscal and monetary support of the European and Greek 
authorities in response to the unprecedented COVID-19 crisis (see Note 20 “Risks related to the COVID-19 
Outbreak - Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and European authorities”). 
Looking forward, economic activity is expected to remain on an upward path with GDP exceeding its pre-
COVID-19 level until the first half of 2022, assuming that: a) the pandemic remains under control for the 
rest of the year and in 2022 through additional progress in vaccination, with no significant recurrence of the 
disease due to virus mutations; b) the persistent positive effect of fiscal and monetary easing, in conjunction 
with pent-up demand, will continue to assist the recovery in most sectors of economic activity in the near 
term; c) the rally in energy prices and supply-side pressures worldwide will peak at the end of 2021 or in the 
first quarter of 2022 and then will start to fade over; and d) sizeable inflows of EU funds, following the 
activation of the EU Recovery Fund, will increasingly support the country’s economic performance in 2022. 
On that note, the first inflows of funding from the EU Recovery Fund amounting to €4.0 billion were 
disbursed in August 2021 – with more than €6.0 billion expected in the first semester of 2022 – providing 
additional impetus to public investment and business activity. 
However, downside risks to the baseline scenario of continued robust recovery are mainly related to scarring 
effects of the pandemic and remaining health risks due to COVID-19 variants and insufficient immunisation 
of the population, as well as to the evolving energy shock, which could lead to a persistent difference in the 
speed of the recovery among business sectors according to their characteristics. In this respect, increased 
risks from the rapid reflation of the global economy and the sharp increase in energy prices could take a 
heavier than currently anticipated toll on household disposable income and business activity, especially in 
the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022, despite the activation of additional fiscal support 
measures. Each of these considerations may create uncertainty about the Bank’s ability to continue as a 
going concern.   
For additional information on the going concern analysis carried out by the Bank, please refer to “Note 2.2: 
Going concern” of the 2020 Annual Financial Statements, “Note 2.2: Going concern” of the June 2021 
Interim Financial Statements and “Note 2.2: Going concern” of the September 2021 Interim Financial 
Statements, each of which is incorporated by reference herein.    
If the Bank were to assess that the upcoming financial statements could not be prepared on a going-concern 
basis, whether as a result of the considerations discussed above, or due to new considerations or risks, such 
event would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects and the ability of the Bank to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to the Bank’s Recapitalisation and Receipt of State Aid 
As a recipient of state aid, the Bank’s operational autonomy is constrained.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
35 
 
 
As a result of recapitalisations in 2013 and 2015, each of which included State Aid within the meaning of 
applicable EU legislation, and in order for the HFSF to fulfil its objectives under the HFSF Law (as defined 
below), exercise its rights and obligations and comply with the commitments undertaken through the 
Financial Assistance Facility Agreement (FFA) signed on 19 August 2015 by and between the ESM, the 
Hellenic Republic, the Bank of Greece and the HFSF and the MoU signed on 19 August 2015 between the 
ESM, on behalf of the European Commission, the Hellenic Republic and the Bank of Greece, the HFSF and 
the Bank entered to a revised Relationship Framework Agreement dated 3 December 2015 (the Amended 
Relationship Framework Agreement), which amended the initial Relationship Framework Agreement 
dated 10 July 2013 between the Bank and the HFSF (the Relationship Framework Agreement). (See 
“Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund – The Greek 
Recapitalisation Framework – Amended Relationship Framework Agreement” below).  
Under European State Aid rules, the Bank has undertaken certain commitments (the Commitments) and in 
2015 submitted a Revised Restructuring Plan which was approved by the Directorate General for 
Competition on 4 December 2015 (the 2015 Revised Restructuring Plan). In line with the Commitments 
undertaken, among others, the Bank is not permitted to acquire any stake in any undertaking unless the 
purchase price is below certain thresholds or the acquisition takes place in the ordinary course of business or 
following relevant approval by the European Commission, according to the particular provisions of the 
Commitments. The Commitments also provide for certain procedures that the Bank has to follow with 
respect to lending towards connected borrowers and risk monitoring requirements that the Bank must fulfil.  
On 10 May 2019, the Directorate General for Competition of the European Commission approved the 
Bank’s 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan (as defined in “Description of the Group – History and 
Development of the Group - Revised Restructuring Plan as approved by the Directorate General for 
Competition on 10 May 2019 (the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan)” below and, together with the 2015 
Revised Restructuring Plan, the Revised Restruturing Plans and each a Revised Restructuring Plan).  
The Bank is already in the closing phase of the Ethniki Insurance – NIC transaction. With regard to NBG 
Cyprus Ltd and the branch network operating in Egypt, the sales and/or run-offs contemplated by the 2019 
Revised Restructuring Plan, are in the process of being effected. In case of any sales these may be 
undertaken by the Bank at unattractive valuations or during unfavourable market conditions. The Bank may 
not succeed in complying with the remaining 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments given by the 
Hellenic Republic. The remaing steps to be taken are being closely monitored by the European Commission. 
In case the European Commission decides that the remaining Restructuring Commitments have not been 
satisfactorily met, the European Commission could open an in-depth investigation (so-called “misuse of aid 
proceedings”) at the end of which it may find that additional or restructuring measures are required in order 
to find the State Aid received compatible with the internal market. In addition, it may result in the HFSF 
exercising full voting rights in respect of its shares in the Bank, for which the relevant rights are currently 
restricted (see “The HFSF, as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the operation of the Bank and has 
and will continue to have the ability to exercise significant influence over the Group’s operations” below).  
The implementation of the Revised Restructuring Plans by the Bank has had and will continue to have a 
significant impact on the Group’s business activity, operating results and financial position. Specifically, as 
part of the Revised Restructuring Plans and under European State Aid rules, the Bank has undertaken a 
number of Commitments, both structural (such as the disposal of certain assets and subsidiaries, many of 
which have been completed) and behavioural, towards the Directorate General of the European Commission.  
Furthermore, the Commitments of the Hellenic Republic towards the European Commission also provide for 
the appointment of a monitoring trustee (the Monitoring Trustee) for each bank under restructuring, 
including the Bank. The Monitoring Trustee acts on behalf of the European Commission and aims to ensure 
the compliance of the Bank with such Commitments, and oversees the implementation of restructuring plans 
and the Bank’s compliance with the applicable State Aid rules. See “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in 
Greece – Monitoring Trustee” below. Grant Thornton was appointed as the Bank’s Monitoring Trustee on 
16 January 2013. The Monitoring Trustee’s powers affect management’s discretion by imposing further

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
36 
 
 
supervision on the Bank, which may affect business decisions and development strategies and limit the 
operational flexibility of the Group. 
The HFSF, as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the operation of the Bank and has and will 
continue to have the ability to exercise significant influence over the Group’s operations. 
Under the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement governing the relationship between the Bank and 
the HFSF, the HFSF, as shareholder, has certain rights in relation to the operation of the Bank. Although the 
Amended Relationship Framework Agreement provides that the Bank’s decision making bodies will 
continue to determine independently, among other things, the Bank’s commercial strategy and policy, the 
monitoring and veto powers held by the HFSF representative appointed to the Board of Directors (appointed 
since June 2012 pursuant to Greek Law 3864/2010) restrict the discretion of the Bank’s management. 
Accordingly, as a result of the Bank’s participation in recapitalization programmes, the HFSF is able to 
exercise significant influence over the operations of the Bank.  
Pursuant to the provisions of the HFSF Law, the HFSF’s appointed representative has enumerated powers to 
veto key corporate decisions of the Bank and exercise other powers relating to corporate governance.  
In addition to the provisions of the HFSF Law, and pursuant to the Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement, the HFSF has a series of information rights with respect to matters pertaining to the Bank. 
Additionally, as prescribed by the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF representative 
shall be appointed as member in all Board Committees, while the HFSF observer (participates in the Board 
without voting rights) will also be appointed in all Committees. Finally, the Bank is obliged to obtain the 
prior approval of the HFSF on a number of material matters, determined in detail within the Amended 
Relationship Framework Agreement. 
Consequently, there is a risk that the HFSF may exercise the rights it has to exert influence over the Bank 
and may disagree with certain of the Bank’s decisions relating to Board of Directors or other management 
appointments, dividend distributions, benefits policies and other commercial and management decisions 
which will ultimately limit the Group’s operational flexibility. 
As at 18 November 2021, the HFSF holds 355,986,916 common shares having full voting rights, 
representing 38.92% of the Bank’s share capital, while it also holds 13,481,859, representing 1.47% of the 
Bank’s share capital consisting of common shares with restrictions on the exercise of the voting rights as per 
Article 7a of the HFSF Law as in force, which could be lifted upon certain conditions, for example if the 
HFSF General Council concludes that there is a breach of material obligations which are included in the 
restructuring plan or which promote its implementation or which are described in the Amended Relationship 
Framework Agreement. See “Description of the Group – Major Shareholders – Common Shares” below. 
Furthermore, the HFSF also has interests in other Greek financial institutions and an interest in the health of 
the Greek banking industry and other industries generally, and those interests may not always be aligned 
with the commercial interests of the Group or those of its shareholders.  
  
Risks relating to the Group’s Business 
The high level of NPEs has had and may continue to have in the future a negative impact on the Group’s 
operations. 
NPEs, post to Project “Frontier” classified as Held for Sale represented 13.9% of the Group’s loans as at 30 
June 2021 (compared to 15.0% as at 31 December 2020 and 31.3% as at 31 December 2019). The effect of 
the economic crisis in Greece and of the COVID-19 pandemic (see “The Group is subject to risks related to 
the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic that may materially and adversely affect its

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
37 
 
 
business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition.” below), as well as adverse 
macroeconomic conditions in the countries in which the Group operates may result in adverse effects on the 
credit quality of the Group’s borrowers, leading to delinquencies and defaults. More specifically, NPE 
reduction continued in the first half of 2021, with the stock of domestic NPEs reduced further by €0.1 billion 
to €4.0 billion, reflecting organic actions, mainly through restructurings/debt forgiveness and liquidations. 
Payment performance of ex moratoria performing clients remains far better than expected, with only 
approximately 3% of performing moratoria beneficiaries in default as of June 2021 and just 1% currently in 
early arrears (>30 days past due (“dpd”)). Moreover, approximately 60% of performing moratoria clients 
remain low risk and have thus received no subsequent payment relief. Pursuant to the previously applicable 
regime under Greek Law 3869/2010, as amended and in force, individuals who were in a state of permanent 
inability to pay their debts not attributable to wilful misconduct, had the ability to adjust their debts and 
could be released from a portion of such debts through filing of an application to the competent court. Greek 
Law 4738/2020 has established, inter alia, a special regime for protecting main residences of eligible 
individuals who are considered to be vulnerable distressed debtors and a business debt settlement mechanism 
(see “Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals” and “Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted 
Collateral” within “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece” below). At 31 December 2020 and 30 
June 2021, 48.666 and 46.953 customers that had applied to the court under the provisions of Greek Law 
3869/2010 had outstanding balances of €2,728 million and €2.570 million, respectively. In addition, the 
Group may not be able to enforce certain collateral in enforcement proceedings for real estate used as the 
main residence of the debtors, subject to certain conditions as described in “Regulation and Supervision of 
Banks in Greece – Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral”. Future provisions for NPEs could 
have a materially adverse effect on the Group’s profitability. 
The Group is subject to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic that 
may materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition. 
The recent outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus causing coronavirus disease (COVID-19), with effects 
including potentially deadly respiratory tract infections, has disrupted and is expected to continue disrupting 
financial markets and the operations of businesses worldwide.  In the first quarter of 2020, the World Health 
Organisation declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic.  COVID-19 has caused a significant global 
economic downturn which has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, the 
Group’s business and results of operations.  The future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Greek 
and the global economies and the Group’s business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition 
remain uncertain. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in authorities in affected areas implementing 
numerous restrictive measures attempting to contain the spread and impact of COVID-19, such as travel bans 
and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and limitations on business activity, including closures.  
While many of these measures have been gradually lifted or partially relaxed, especially in Europe, 
significant restrictions on international travel and certain types of business activity remain and certain 
restrictions that had been relaxed are being re-imposed in some countries in response to increasing infection 
rates. These measures have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, businesses, market 
participants, the Group’s counterparties and customers as well as the Greek and the global economies for a 
prolonged period of time.  If the Group’s customers are unable to repay their loans due to the pandemic, this 
could increase default rates and result in increased credit impairments.The COVID-19 pandemic led to the 
activation of the Group’s Crisis Management Committee in February 2020 with the aim of dealing with 
increased measures regarding the health and safety of the Group’s employees, business continuity through 
remote working and customer support in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group continues to 
manage the increased operational risk relating to the execution of its business continuity plans in accordance 
with the Group’s Risk Framework Operational Risk Management Programme and its Business Continuity 
Management Systems.    
The deterioration of financial conditions has increased the Group’s impairment charges for expected credit 
losses (ECL) and has led to loan modification programmes.  The Group has offered, and continues to offer, a 
number of COVID-19 related relief measures to its customers within the context of EBA guidelines and 
government and sector initiatives. Such measures include the option to defer the payment of principal

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
instalments on loans for the period 1 March 2020 to 31 December 2020. See further “Description of the 
Group – COVID-19 outbreak – Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and European authorities”.  The 
Group also evaluated its assets, including intangibles and equity investments, for potential impairment, and 
reviewed fair values of financial instruments that are carried at fair value.  Based upon the Group’s review as 
of 30 September 2020, no significant impairments have been recorded for the Group and the Bank with the 
exception of the impairment charge for ECL relating to loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, 
and there have been no significant changes in fair values and in fair value hierarchy classifications.   
The COVID-19 outbreak is a new emerging risk and the Bank is unable to predict the ultimate impact from 
COVID-19 on the results of operations, prospects, financial condition and business of the Group. The 
financial strains caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have been and are expected to continue to be extensive 
in the Group’s markets, and deteriorating financial conditions in Greece have led to an increase, and will 
likely lead to further increases, in the Group’s credit impairments. Furthermore, uncertainty remains with 
regards to the extent and timing of the Greek and/or global economic recovery to pre-COVID-19 levels.   
The situation caused by COVID-19 is unique and difficult to assess, and the situation is changing rapidly. 
Therefore, substantial uncertainty remains as to the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group’s 
results of operations, prospects, financial condition and business in future periods. The ultimate impact, 
which may be material and adverse, will depend on ongoing developments in the pandemic, including the 
success of containment measures and other actions taken by the Greek and European authorities in response 
to the crisis, the possibility of further waves leading to the re-imposition of severe lockdown measures, the 
timing for effective containment of the virus, as well as the overall condition and outlook of the Greek and 
the global economies. See also “Description of the Group - COVID-19 outbreak - Risks and responses 
related to the COVID-19 crisis” and the risks set out in the section “Risks relating to the Hellenic Republic’s 
economic crisis in the previous decade and during the COVID-19 outbreak”. 
The Group’s loan portfolio may continue to contract. 
As the Greek economy has remained in recession, in the current economic environment, the Group’s 
domestic loan portfolio may continue to decline, and its foreign loan portfolio may also decline. 
Furthermore, there are a limited number of high credit quality customers in Greece to whom banking 
services may be provided in the Group’s target markets. Developments in the Group’s loan portfolio will be 
affected by, among other factors, the health of the Greek economy in light of the economic crisis, the lifting 
of capital controls imposed on Greek banks (effective 1 September 2019) and the post-programme 
surveillance following the completion of the Third Programme. The continuing decline in the Group’s loan 
portfolio, in combination with past due loans, could further reduce the Group’s net interest income, and this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and insurance risk. 
As a result of the Group’s activities, it is exposed to a variety of risks. Among the most significant of these 
risks are credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and insurance risk. Failure to control these 
risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, prospects 
and reputation. 
• 
Credit Risk.  Credit risk is the risk of financial loss relating to the failure of a borrower to honour its 
contractual obligations. It arises in lending activities as well as in various other activities where the 
Group is exposed to the risk of counterparty default, such as its trading, capital markets and 
settlement activities. Credit risk is the largest single risk the Group faces. See “The Group is exposed 
to counterparty risk” above. 
• 
Market Risk.  Market risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from 
adverse movements in interest rates, equity and commodity prices and exchange rates, and their 
levels of volatility. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Group’s

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
39 
 
 
net interest margin. Changes in currency exchange rates affect the value of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies and may affect income from foreign exchange dealing. The 
performance of financial markets or financial conditions generally may cause changes in the value of 
the Group’s investment and trading portfolios. The Group has implemented risk management 
methods to mitigate and control these and other market risks to which its portfolios are also exposed. 
However, it is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or market conditions and to 
anticipate the effects that such changes could have on the Group’s financial performance and 
business operations. See “Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Group’s net interest 
income and have other adverse consequences” and “The Group is vulnerable to disruptions and 
volatility in the global financial markets” above. 
• 
Liquidity Risk.  Liquidity risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital 
arising from an entity’s inability to meet its liabilities when they come due without incurring 
significant losses. It reflects the potential mismatch of payment obligations to incoming payments, 
taking into account unexpected delays in repayments (term liquidity risk) or unexpectedly high 
payment outflows (withdrawal/call risk). Liquidity risk involves both the risk of unexpected 
increases in the cost of funding a portfolio of assets at appropriate maturities and rates, and the risk 
of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner on reasonable terms. The severity of 
pressure experienced by the Hellenic Republic in its public finances and credit downgrades has 
restricted the access to markets for the Bank (see “If additional ECB or ELA funding is needed in the 
future it will be subject to ECB rules relating to the eligibility and valuation of collateral used for 
funding such as Greek government bonds.” above).  
• 
Operational Risk.  Operational risk corresponds to the risk of loss due to inadequate or failed 
internal processes/systems, or due to external events, whether deliberate, accidental or natural 
occurrences. Internal events include, but are not limited to, fraud by employees, clerical and record 
keeping errors and information systems malfunctions or manipulations. External events include 
pandemics, floods, fires, earthquakes, riots or terrorist attacks, fraud by outsiders and equipment 
failures. Finally, the Group may also fail to comply with regulatory requirements or conduct of 
business rules. 
• 
Insurance Risk.  The principal risk that the Group may face is that the actual claims and benefit 
payments, or the timing thereof, differ from expectations. This could occur because the frequency or 
severity of claims is greater than estimated. Depending on the insurance product, this risk is 
influenced by macroeconomic changes, changes in customer behaviour, changes in public health, 
pandemics and catastrophic events such as earthquakes, industrial disasters, fires, riots or terrorism. 
Although management believes that its risk management and risk mitigation policies are adequate, the 
Group’s risk management processes may not prevent all instances of fraud or otherwise allow it to mitigate 
or fully manage the above risks. In addition, the weak Greek economy as well as continuing volatility as a 
result of market forces out of the Group’s control could cause the Bank’s liquidity position to deteriorate. 
Such deterioration would increase funding costs and limit the Bank’s capacity to increase its credit portfolio 
and the total amount of its assets, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
Volatility in interest rates may negatively affect the Group’s net interest income and have other adverse 
consequences. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including monetary policies, 
domestic and international economic and political conditions, as well as other factors. There can be no 
assurance that further events will not alter the interest rate environment in Greece and the other markets in 
which the Group operates. Cost of funding is especially at risk for the Bank.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
40 
 
 
In the current interest rate climate, central banks of the major developed economies (including the US 
Federal Reserve, the ECB, the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan, among others) are widely perceived 
to have a significant influence on the volatility and direction of short term rates. The method and rate at 
which central banks adjust their target rates cannot be predicted, nor can the effects that changes in such 
rates will have, be anticipated. 
There are risks involved in both an increase of rates and a prolonged period of low or negative interest rates. 
Variations in short term interest rates could affect the Group’s net interest income, reducing its growth rate 
and potentially resulting in losses. When interest rates rise, the Group may be required to pay higher interest 
on floating rate borrowings while interest earned on fixed rate assets does not rise as quickly, which could 
cause profits to grow at a reduced rate or decline. 
Conversely, increases in interest rates may reduce the volume of loans the Group originates. Sustained high 
interest rates have historically discouraged customers from borrowing and have resulted in increased 
delinquencies in outstanding loans and deterioration in the quality of assets. Increases in interest rates may 
also reduce the propensity of the Group’s customers to prepay or refinance fixed rate loans, reduce the value 
of its financial assets and reduce gains or require it to record losses on sales of loans or securities. 
If interest rates decrease, although this is likely to reduce the Group’s funding costs, it is likely to compress 
the Group’s interest margin, as well as adversely impact income from investments in securities and loans 
with similar maturities, which could have a negative effect on the Group’s operating results, financial 
condition and prospects. 
Changes in market interest rates may affect the interest rates the Group charges on its interest earning assets 
differently from the interest rates it pays on its interest bearing liabilities. This difference could reduce the 
Group’s net interest income. Since the majority of the Group’s loan portfolio effectively re prices within a 
year, rising interest rates may also result in an increase in the Group’s allowance for loan losses if customers 
cannot refinance in a higher interest rate environment. Further, an increase in interest rates may reduce the 
Group’s clients’ capacity to repay in the current economic circumstances. 
The Group faces significant competition from Greek and foreign banks. 
The general scarcity of wholesale funding since the onset of the economic crisis may lead to a significant 
increase in competition for retail deposits in Greece among the four largest banks (including the Bank) and 
other smaller banks, which means that the Bank may have to pay higher rates to attract equivalent levels of 
deposits. The Bank faces competition from foreign banks in its banking operations outside of Greece, some 
of which may have resources greater than that of the Bank. The Bank may not be able to continue to compete 
successfully with domestic and international banks in the future. These competitive pressures may have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Bank operates a branch and a subsidiary in the United Kingdom which may be affected by the United 
Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union (Brexit). 
The United Kingdom (UK) left the European Union (EU) on 31 January 2020 at 11pm and the transition 
period ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation 
made under it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK. 
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), which governs 
relations between the EU and UK following the end of the Brexit transition period and which had provisional 
application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered into force on 1 May 2021. The precise 
impact on the business of the Bank (including the Bank’s UK branch) is difficult to determine. As such, no 
assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the Bank's financial performance or the

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
41 
 
 
ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of 
the Notes in the secondary market. 
The Group is vulnerable to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets. 
The lifting of pandemic related restrictions, in view of the progress of vaccination against COVID-19, has 
led the global economy to a sharp recovery in the course of 2021, albeit growth momentum has slowed more 
recently due to, inter alia, supply chain disruptions. In the euro area, real GDP surged by +2.2% quarter-on-
quarter in the third quarter of 2021 (+3.7% year-over-year), following an increase of +6.5% year-over-year 
in the first half of 2021. Growth is expected to be less robust in the fourth quarter of 2021, supported among 
other factors by elevated household savings, part of which is anticipated to be directed towards consumption. 
Overall, the full year 2021 euro area GDP growth is currently anticipated at +5.0%, followed by +4.3% in 
2022, albeit the outlook remains highly dependent on factors linked to the path of the pandemic.  
Principal risks for the euro area economy mainly relate to adverse pandemic developments, which would 
lead to a re-imposition of containment measures resulting in declining economic activity and higher 
unemployment, amid less supportive monetary and fiscal policies in 2022. More protracted supply chain 
constraints, as well as surging oil and electricity prices, could amplify inflationary pressures, bringing 
forward the exit from ultra accomodative monetary policies. In turn, a sudden tightening of financial 
conditions due to rising interest rates could exacerbate vulnerabilities stemming from elevated asset 
valuations in property and financial markets. Moreover, as a large part of the increase in European aggregate 
public investment is related to investment financed by the Recovery and Resilience Facility (RRF), delays in 
the disbursements of RRF funds have the potential to curb growth. These factors, among other things, may 
restrict the European economic recovery, with a corresponding adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
Financial market volatility could edge higher, with a corresponding material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition, including the Group’s ability to fund its operations. 
Results of operations in Greece in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially 
affected by many factors of a global nature, including: political and regulatory risks and the condition of 
public finances; the availability and cost of capital; the liquidity of global markets; the level and volatility of 
equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates; currency values; the availability and cost of funding; 
inflation; the stability and solvency of financial institutions and other companies; investor sentiment and 
confidence in the financial markets; or a combination of the above factors. 
Adverse developments could also be triggered by Eurozone sovereign and corporate debt stress as the 
massive fiscal and monetary policy measures employed to stem the negative economic repercussions from 
the pandemic suggest more strains for the balance sheets of sovereigns and corporates when the COVID-19 
crisis ends. A rise in corporate defaults and subsequently of non-performing loans could also induce banking 
stress, combined with the challenging low to negative interest rate operating environment, as well as a 
potentially weaker than expected performance of the Greek economy. Finally, a protracted slowdown in 
Chinese economic activity amidst authorities’ efforts to contain leverage in the property sector, could 
intensify downside European economic growth risks.  
These developments could: 
• 
further directly impact the carrying amount of the Group’s portfolio of Greek government debt; 
• 
further directly impact the impairment losses for receivables relating to the Hellenic Republic; 
• 
severely affect the Group’s ability to raise capital and meet minimum regulatory capital 
requirements; and

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
42 
 
 
• 
severely limit the Group’s ability to access liquidity. 
The Group’s economic hedging may not prevent losses. 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that the Group uses to economically hedge its exposure to 
market risk is not effective, the Group may incur losses. The Group does not economically hedge all of its 
risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. In the Group’s view, the principal 
market risk to which it is exposed, which is not fully economically hedged, is the sovereign credit risk of the 
Hellenic Republic, in respect of which the Group does not maintain any hedging positions (such as, for 
example, credit default swaps).  
The Group has incurred and may continue to incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities 
due to market fluctuations and volatility. 
The Group maintains trading and investment positions in debt, currency, equity and other markets. These 
positions could be adversely affected by continuing volatility in financial and other markets, creating a risk 
of losses. Significant decline in perceived or actual values of the Group’s assets has resulted from previous 
market events. 
Continuing volatility and further dislocation affecting certain financial markets and asset classes could 
further impact the Group’s results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In the future these factors 
could have an impact on the mark to market valuations of assets in the Group’s Hold to Collect and Sell 
(HTCS) measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) bond portfolios, trading 
portfolios and financial assets and liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected. In addition, any 
further deterioration in the performance of the assets in the Group’s investment securities portfolios could 
lead to additional impairment losses, including the Group’s holdings of Greek government bonds.  
The Group could be exposed to significant future pension and post-employment benefit liabilities.  
The employees of the Bank and certain of its subsidiaries participate in employee-managed pension schemes, 
retirement and medical benefit plans. The Bank and certain of the Bank’s subsidiaries make significant 
defined contributions to these schemes. In addition, the Bank and several of its subsidiaries offer certain 
defined benefit plans. The Group’s consolidated retirement benefit obligations under these plans is 
determined by reference to a number of critical assumptions. These include assumptions about movements in 
interest rates which may not be realised. Potential variations may cause the Group to incur significantly 
increased liability in respect of these obligations.  
The Group, like any other credit institution, is exposed to the risk of fraud and illegal activities of any form, 
which, if not dealt with in a timely manner and successfully, could have negative effects on its business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is subject to rules and regulations related to combating money laundering and terrorism financing 
in the jurisdictions where it operates. Compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing 
rules entails significant cost and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious consequences, 
including adverse legal and reputational consequences. Although the Group believes that its current anti 
money laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures are adequate to ensure compliance 
with applicable legislation, it cannot guarantee that they will comply at all times with all rules applicable to 
money laundering and terrorism financing as extended to the entire Group and applied to its staff in all 
circumstances. A possible violation, or even any suspicion of a violation of these rules, may have serious 
adverse legal and financial impacts, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group’s operational systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, exposed and possibly 
vulnerable to an increasing risk of continually evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks which

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
43 
 
 
could result in the unavailability of IT services or in the disclosure of confidential client or customer 
information, damage to its reputation, additional costs to it, regulatory penalties and financial losses. 
A significant portion of the Group’s operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and 
transmission of confidential and other information as well as the monitoring of a large number of complex 
transactions on a minute-by-minute basis. The Group stores an extensive amount of personal and client-
specific information for its retail, corporate and governmental customers and clients and must accurately 
record and reflect their extensive account transactions. Furthermore, the Group has seen an increase recently 
in remote working for employees as well as an increase in digital transactions and remote access to the 
Group’s products by clients in view of current conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. In 
particular, since 2020, COVID-19 has affected and will continue to affect the global cybersecurity landscape. 
Advanced social engineering attacks and targeted phishing attacks used by attackers for stealing credentials 
as well as advanced techniques for malware concealment were some of the most common malicious 
activities identified by the Bank since 31 December 2020. Whereas the Bank has successfully identified and 
addressed the cybersecurity risk since the beginning of the pandemic, the Bank’s activities will continue to 
be subject to an increasing risk of cyber-attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. 
The Group endeavours to safeguard its systems and processes and strives to continuously monitor and 
develop them to protect its technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation. The Bank’s 
cybersecurity systems continued to be improved by strengthening detection, response and protection 
mechanisms, in order to ensure adequate customer service and correct performance of the Bank’s services 
and business operations. However, its computer systems, software and networks have been and will continue 
to be exposed and possibly vulnerable to unauthorised access, loss or destruction of data (including 
confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of service, computer viruses or other 
malicious code, cyber-attacks and other external attacks or events, as well as internal breaches. These threats 
may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties or may result from 
accidental technological failure. If one or more of these events occur, it could result in the disclosure of 
confidential client information, damage to the Group’s reputation with its clients and in the market, 
additional costs (such as repairing systems or adding new personnel or protection technologies), regulatory 
penalties and financial losses to both the Group and its clients. Such events could also cause interruptions or 
malfunctions in the Group’s operations (such as the lack of availability of its online banking systems) or 
otherwise hinder its operational effectiveness, as well as the operations of its clients, customers or other third 
parties. Given the volume of its transactions, certain errors or actions may be repeated or compounded before 
they are discovered and rectified, which would further increase these costs and consequences. 
In addition, third parties with which the Group does business may also be sources of cybersecurity or other 
technological risks. The Group outsources a limited number of supporting functions, such as printing of 
customer credit card statements, which results in the storage and processing of customer information. 
Although the Group adopts a range of actions to eliminate the exposure resulting from outsourcing, such as 
not allowing third party access to the production systems and operating a highly controlled IT environment, 
unauthorised access, loss or destruction of data or other cyber incidents could occur, resulting in similar costs 
and consequences to the Group as those discussed above. 
The EU General Data Protection Regulation has been directly applicable in Greece as of 25 May 2018 and 
penalties in the case of personal data leakage could impact the Bank and the Group. 
While the Group maintains insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover 
certain aspects of cyber risks such as fraud and financial crime, such insurance coverage may be insufficient 
to cover all losses.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
44 
 
 
The value of certain financial instruments recorded at fair value is determined using financial models 
incorporating assumptions, judgments and estimates that may change over time or may not be accurate. 
In establishing the fair value of certain financial instruments, the Group relies on quoted market prices or, 
where the market for a financial instrument is not sufficiently active, internal valuation models that utilise 
observable financial market data. In certain circumstances, the data for individual financial instruments or 
classes of financial instruments utilised by such valuation models may not be available or may become 
unavailable due to changes in financial market conditions. In such circumstances, the Group’s internal 
valuation models require it to make assumptions, judgments and estimates to establish fair value. In common 
with other financial institutions, these internal valuation models are complex, and the assumptions, 
judgments and estimates the Group is often required to make relate to matters that are inherently uncertain, 
such as expected cash flows. Such assumptions, judgments and estimates may need to be updated to reflect 
changing facts, trends and market conditions. The resulting change in the fair values of the financial 
instruments could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s earnings and financial condition. Also, 
market volatility can challenge the factual bases of certain underlying assumptions and has made it difficult 
to value certain of the Group’s instruments. Valuations in future periods, reflecting prevailing market 
conditions, may result in changes in the fair values of these instruments, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s results, financial condition and prospects. 
The loss of senior management may adversely affect the Group’s ability to implement its strategy. 
The Group’s current senior management team includes a number of experienced executives the Group 
believes contribute significant experience and expertise to its management in the banking sectors in which 
the Bank operates. The continued performance of the Group’s business and its ability to execute its business 
strategy will depend, in large part, on the efforts of the senior management of the Group. Furthermore, a 
potential change in share ownership percentages and shareholders rights or a situation of effective control by 
the HFSF could lead to the departure of certain senior managers. If a substantial number of the Group’s 
senior management team leave the Group, its business may be materially adversely affected. 
The Group may be unable to recruit or retain experienced and/or qualified personnel. 
The Group’s competitive position depends, in part, on its ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate 
qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. Competition in the Greek and South-eastern 
European banking industries for personnel with relevant expertise is intense due to the relatively limited 
availability of qualified individuals. To recruit qualified and experienced employees and to minimise the 
possibility of their departure, the Group provides compensation packages consistent with evolving standards 
in the relevant labour markets.  
The HFSF representative has the right to veto any decision of the Board of Directors regarding the 
distribution of dividends and the benefits and bonus policy concerning the Chairman, the Chief Executive 
Officer and the other members of the Board of Directors, as well as whoever exercises the general manager’s 
powers and their deputies, while consent of the HFSF must be sought regarding the abovementioned 
decisions. Moreover, consent of the HFSF must also be sought regarding the remuneration of the Group and 
benefits policies and any amendment, extension, revision or deviation thereof, or decisions/policies affecting 
the above policies, including any voluntary retirement/separation schemes. 
Additionally, restrictions on variable remuneration under CRD IV (as defined below) have been 
implemented into Greek Law.

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
45 
 
 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
The Group’s business is subject to increasingly complex regulation which may increase its compliance costs 
and capital requirements. 
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each 
jurisdiction in which it operates. All of these regulatory requirements have changed, are continuing to 
change, and are subject to further change following the unprecedented levels of government intervention and 
changes to the regulations governing financial institutions, as a result of the financial crisis. In response to 
the global financial crisis, national governments as well as supranational groups, such as the EU, have 
implemented significant changes to the existing regulatory frameworks for financial institutions, including 
those pertaining to supervision, capital adequacy, liquidity, resolution and the scope of banks’ operations and 
those pertaining to investors’ protection and financial products’ governance requirements. 
Since 4 November 2014, the Group has been a significant entity in the Eurozone supervised by SSM and is 
subject to continuous evaluation of its capital adequacy, and could be requested to operate with higher than 
minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity ratios. The supervisory regime applicable to European banks is 
undergoing a period of change since the SSM took responsibility for the prudential supervision of banks in 
the Eurozone in November 2014. Competent Authorities will continue to be responsible for supervisory 
matters not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and 
branches of third country banks, besides supporting ECB in day to day supervision. In light of the new 
supervision legal framework the ECB and the competent national authorities shall carry out a SREP at least 
on an annual basis. In this view the EBA published on 19 December 2014 the final guidelines for common 
procedures and methodologies in respect of the SREP (EBA Guidelines). Such EBA Guidelines draw a 
common approach to determining the amount and composition of additional Pillar 2 own funds requirement 
implemented since 1 January 2016. On 31 October 2017, the EBA launched a public consultation to review, 
among others, the EBA 2014 Guidelines with the aim to further enhance an institution’s risk management 
and the convergence among national regulators of their supervisory role in the SREP. The latest revised 
SREP guidelines were issued on 19 July 2018. They reflect the on-going policy initiatives related to Pillar 
2/SREP, which include, among other things, the introduction of Pillar 2 capital guidance (P2G), the 
integration of supervisory stress testing requirements and supervisory assessment of banks’ stress testing 
from the EBA Consultation Paper on Guidelines on stress testing and supervisory stress testing 2, 
clarification of certain aspects of scoring, further details on the articulation of total SREP capital 
requirements (TSCR) and overall capital requirements (OCR), and various consistency checks with relevant 
EBA standards and guidelines that came into force after the publication of the original SREP Guidelines in 
2014. 
Following the completion of the 2019 SREP cycle, in December 2019 the Bank received the final SREP 
Decision letter from the ECB which established the capital requirements for 2020. In particular based on 
2019 SREP letter, the Pillar 2 Requirement rate for 2020 remained stable at 3%, but OCR increased to 14% 
(from 13.75% in 2019) due to the phase-in of the Other Systemically Important Institutions (O-SII) buffer 
(0.25%). The OCR increased to 16% due to the application of the P2G (2%) as of 2020. However, on 12 
Mach 2020, ECB provided temporary capital and operational relief to EU banks in reaction to COVID-19. In 
particular, the ECB is allowing banks to operate temporarily (until the end of 2022) below the level of capital 
defined by the P2G, the capital conservation buffer (CCB) and the countercyclical capital buffer (CcyB - not 
applicable for Greece). In addition, the banks can partially cover the P2R with the use of AT1 (18.75% of 
P2R) and/or Tier 2 (25% of P2R) capital instruments (effective immediately vs. original phase-in date of 
January 2021). On that basis, and taking into account that a) the ECB is not issuing a SREP decision for the 
2020 SREP cycle and P2R and P2G requirements remain unchanged and b) BoG suspended the phase-in of 
the O-SII for 2021, the OCR for the rest of 2020 reduced to 11.5% and will remain at the same level for 2021 
as well. 
The SSM might impose new compliance, governance or system and control mandates that will increase 
compliance costs for the Bank. As a result of these and other on-going and possible future changes in the

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
46 
 
 
financial services regulatory framework (including requirements imposed by virtue of the Group’s 
participation in any Greek government or regulator led initiatives, such as the Hellenic Republic’s Bank 
Support Plan), the Group will face greater regulation in the Hellenic Republic and SEE. Current and future 
regulatory requirements may be different across each of these locations and even requirements with EEA 
wide application may be implemented or applied differently in different jurisdictions. 
Compliance with these new requirements will increase the Group’s regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements and may increase its compliance costs and disclosure requirements, restrict certain types of 
transactions, affect its strategy and limit or require the modification of rates or fees that it charges on certain 
loans and other products, any of which could lower the return on the Group’s investments, assets and equity. 
The Group may also face increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to pursue certain business 
opportunities. The Group cannot predict the effect of any such changes on its business, financial condition, 
cash flows or future prospects. 
The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes. 
The Bank and the Group are required by the SSM and the regulators in the Hellenic Republic and other 
countries in which they undertake regulated activities to maintain minimum levels of capital and liquidity. 
The Bank, its regulated subsidiaries and its branches may be subject to the risk of having insufficient capital 
resources to meet the minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity requirements. In addition, those minimum 
regulatory capital requirements may increase in the future, or the methods of calculating capital resources 
may change. Likewise, liquidity requirements are under heightened scrutiny, and may place additional stress 
on the Group’s liquidity demands in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Changes in regulatory 
requirements may require the Group to raise additional capital. Directive 2013/36/EU (the CRD IV 
Directive) and the EU Regulation 575/2013 (the Capital Requirements Regulation or CRR and, together 
with the CRD IV Directive, the CRD IV) which incorporate the key amendments that were adopted by the 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (known as Basel III) have been directly applicable in all EU 
member states (the EU Member States) since 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over 
a period of time (the requirements are largely fully effective and some minor transitional provisions provide 
for phase-in until 2024) but it is possible that in practice implementation under national laws may be 
delayed. Additionally, it is possible that EU member states may introduce certain provisions at an earlier date 
than that set out in the CRD IV. In addition, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published 
legislative proposals for amendments to the CRR, CRD IV Directive, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation 
(together, the EC Proposals), which proposals were subsequently amended during the approval process 
prior to formal approval of the final text by the European Council in May 2019. Amendments to the BRRD 
to introduce a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt entered into force on 28 December 2017 and 
were transposed into Greek law on 18 December 2018 by Greek law 4583/2018. The final text of the EC 
Proposals was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force 
on 27 June 2019. Among other things, these proposals aim to implement a number of new Basel standards 
(such as the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, market risk rules and requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities) into European law. CRR II (as defined below) is directly applicable to the Bank and 
applies from 28 June 2021, subject to certain exceptions. The Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (CRD V Directive as defined below) has been transposed 
into Greek law by Greek law 4799/2021 which amended to this effect Greek Law 4335/2015 (the law that 
has initially transposed into Greek law the BRRD, the BRR Law) and Greek law 4261/2014 (the law that 
has initially transposed into Greek law the CRD IV, the CRD Law). 
Greek law 4583/2018, implementing certain provisions of Directive 2017/2399/EU and Greek law 
4799/2021, transposing into Greek law the BRRD II Directive, has amended the ranking of claims from 
unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy, introducing, inter alia, senior non-preferred notes, as 
debt instruments that meet the following conditions: (a) the original contractual maturity of the debt 
instruments is at least one year; (b) they do not contain any embedded derivatives and they are not 
themselves derivatives; and (c) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus 
related to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking as provided for by Article 145A of Greek law

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
47 
 
 
4261/2014 (see further “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive” below). Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued under the Programme are expected to fall into this 
category of liabilities.  
The Capital Requirements Regulation defines the minimum capital requirements (Pillar 1 requirements) and 
the CRD IV Directive defines the combined buffer requirements for EU institutions. In addition, the CRD IV 
Directive provides (Articles 97 et seq.) that Competent Authorities regularly carry out the SREP, to assess 
and measure risks not covered, or not fully covered, under Pillar 1 and determine additional capital and 
liquidity requirements (Pillar 2 requirements). SREP is conducted under the lead of the ECB. The SREP 
decision is tailored to each bank’s individual profile.  Implementing regulations in Greece under the CRD IV 
or higher SREP requirements may impose higher capital requirements, such as higher prudential buffers, 
which may require the Group to raise further capital. See “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – 
Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM)” below.   
Furthermore, on 20 March 2017, the ECB published its final “Guidance to banks on non-performing loans”, 
setting out expectations in relation to strategy, governance, and operations. On 15 March 2018, the ECB 
launched the final addendum to the aforementioned ECB guidance on NPLs. The addendum sets out 
supervisory expectations for minimum levels of prudential provisioning for new NPLs and reinforces the 
guidance with regards to fostering timely provisioning and write off practices, and may be amended from 
time to time.  
On 14 March 2018, the European Commission presented a package of measures to tackle high NPL ratios in 
Europe. On 31 October 2018 the European Banking Authority published its final guidelines on management 
of non-performing and forborne exposures (the EBA Guidelines). The EBA Guidelines applied from 30 
June 2019. They are developed in accordance with the European Council Action Plan, aim to ensure that 
credit institutions have adequate prudential tools and frameworks in place to manage effectively their NPEs 
and to achieve a sustainable reduction on their balance sheets. To this end, the EBA Guidelines require 
institutions to establish NPE reduction strategies and introduce governance and operational requirements to 
support them. The EBA Guidelines specify sound risk management practices for credit institutions in their 
management of NPEs and forborne exposures (FBEs), including requirements on NPE reduction strategies, 
governance and operations of NPE workout framework, internal control framework and monitoring. The 
EBA Guidelines also set out requirements for processes to recognise NPEs and FBEs, as well as a 
forbearance granting process with a focus on the viability of forbearance measures. In particular, the EBA 
Guidelines specify that institutions should grant forbearance measures only with the view to return the 
borrower to a sustainable performing repayment status and are thus in the borrower's interest. The EBA 
Guidelines introduce a threshold of 5% of gross NPL ratio as a trigger for developing NPE strategies and 
applying associated governance and operational arrangements. Finally, the EBA Guidelines outline 
requirements for competent authorities' assessment of credit institutions' NPE management activity as part of 
the SREP. 
The above measures and guidelines will have an impact on the Group’s risk management, governance or 
control systems as these relate to its management of NPEs and FBEs, as well as on how the SSM assesses 
the Group’s capital requirements for NPEs and FBEs. 
If the Bank or the Group does not satisfy the minimum capital requirements (taking into account relevant 
combined buffer requirements) in the future, it may be subject to the measures that the SSM can take 
pursuant to the CRD Law and Regulation 1024/2013, including appointment of a commissioner to the Bank 
(see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” below). 
If the Bank is required to raise further capital but is unable to do so on acceptable terms, the Group may be 
required to further reduce the amount of the Bank’s risk weighted assets and thus engage in further disposal 
of core and other non-core businesses, which may not occur on a timely basis or achieve prices which would 
otherwise be attractive to the Bank. Any failure to maintain minimum regulatory capital ratios could result in 
administrative actions or other sanctions, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
48 
 
 
operating results, financial condition and prospects. If the Bank is required to strengthen its capital position, 
it may not be possible for the Bank to raise additional capital from the financial markets or to dispose of 
marketable assets. That could potentially lead to further requests for State Aid pursuant to the provisions of 
Greek Law 3864/2010, as amended and in force (the HFSF Law) in the circumstances permitted under 
Greek Law 4335/2015 (the BRR Law) and the HFSF Law, which could result in the application of Burden 
Sharing Measures (as described in “Description of the Group –History and Development of the Group–2015 
Recapitalisation– Burden Sharing Measures” below. 
The Group is subject to the European resolution framework which has been implemented and may result in 
additional compliance or capital requirements and will dictate the procedure for the resolution of the Group 
(which may include the Notes being subject to the bail-in resolution tool by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, resulting in their full or partial write-down or conversion). 
The BRRD provides for the establishment of an EU wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of 
resolution tools and powers to intervene sufficiently early and quickly to avoid a significant adverse effect on 
the financial system, to prevent threats to market infrastructures, to protect depositors and investors and to 
minimise reliance on public financial support. On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published 
the Proposals (see “The Group may need additional capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” 
above), including a proposal to amend certain provisions of the BRRD (the BRRD Reforms).  
The BRRD’s broad range of resolution tools and powers may be used alone or in combination where the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) considers that certain 
required conditions are met.  
Directive (EU) 2019/879 amending Directive 2014/59/EU (BRRD) as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms was formally approved by the European 
Council in May 2019 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 (SRM II Regulation or SRMR II) amended Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 
(SRM Regulation or SRMR) as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms. This Regulation applies from 28 December 2020. Directive (EU) 2019/879 
(BRRD II) amended Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and has been transposed into Greek legislation by Greek law 
4799/2021 amending to this effect the BRR Law and the CRD Law. See “The Group may need additional 
capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” and see also below “Regulation and Supervision of 
Banks in Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”. 
In addition to the bail in tool which is available for an institution in resolution, the BRRD provides the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with pre resolution powers to permanently write down or convert into equity 
capital instruments and eligible liabilities of the financial institution, including CET1 instruments (which 
includes ordinary shares), Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments (each as defined under the 
CRD IV) at the point of non-viability of the institution and before any other resolution action is taken, with 
losses taken in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption), as further described under “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece – Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive” below. For the purposes of the application of any Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption measure, the point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the Relevant 
Resolution Authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution 
action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, in certain circumstances, its group, will no longer be 
viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes) and eligible liabilities are written 
down/converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate 
authority determines that the institution and/or, as appropriate, its group, would no longer be viable. 
The capital instruments and eligible liabilities write down and conversion power may be exercised 
independently of, or in combination with, the exercise of other resolution tools. These measures could be

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
49 
 
 
applied to certain of the Group’s instruments; the occurrence of circumstances in which write down or 
conversion powers would need to be exercised (or any perceived risk of such powers being exercised) would 
be likely to have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Furthermore, in circumstances where capital instruments are converted into equity securities by 
application of the mandatory conversion tool, those equity securities may be subjected to the bail in powers 
in resolution, resulting in their cancellation, significant dilution or transfer away from the investors therein. 
EBA Guidelines on “the interpretation of the different circumstances when an institution shall be considered 
as failing or likely to fail” provide clarifications on the cases where an institution is assessed as “failing or 
likely to fail”. 
Although there are pre-conditions for the exercise of the bail in power, there remains uncertainty regarding 
the specific factors which the Relevant Resolution Authority would consider in deciding whether to exercise 
the bail-in power with respect to the relevant financial institution and/or securities issued by that institution.  
Given the final discretion provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority, it may be difficult to predict when, 
if at all, the exercise of any bail in power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, may occur which would 
result in a principal write off or conversion to equity. Accordingly, the threat of bail in or exercise of the 
write down or conversion power in respect of the Notes may affect trading behaviour, including prices and 
volatility, of the securities of any institution which the market perceives to be potentially considered as 
failing or likely to fail by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above 
resolution tools (including the general bail in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any 
such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of 
the EU state aid framework and the BRRD.  
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As such, it is too early to anticipate the full impact 
of the BRRD, and there can be no assurance that creditors, shareholders and potential investors will not be 
adversely affected by actions taken under it. In addition, there can be no assurance that its application will 
not have a significant impact on the Group’s results of operations, business, assets, cash flows and financial 
condition, as well as on its funding activities and the products and services offered. In addition, the SRM 
Regulation establishes uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) and a Single 
Resolution Fund (the Fund). 
The SRM Regulation, which will complement the SSM (as discussed under “The Group may need additional 
capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” above), applies to all banks supervised by the SSM, 
including the Bank. These uniform rules and uniform procedures established under the SRM Regulation will 
be applied by a single resolution board (the Single Resolution Board or the SRB) together with the EU 
Council and the European Commission and the national resolution authorities within the framework of the 
SRM.  
On 11 October 2017, the European Commission urged the European Parliament and Council to progress 
quickly in the adoption of additional measures to tackle the remaining risks in the banking sector and 
suggested new actions to reduce NPLs and to help banks diversify their investment in sovereign bonds.  
The Group could be subject to any such additional measures or actions adopted which may result in 
additional compliance or capital requirements, and such measures or actions could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects.

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
50 
 
 
Application of the Minimum Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities under the BRRD may 
affect the Group’s profitability. 
Since 2016, European banks have had to comply with the rules under the BRRD, which, inter alia, 
introduced the Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL). MREL aims to 
facilitate the orderly resolution of financial institutions by requiring them to hold at all times sufficient loss 
absorbing instruments to ensure that shareholders, subordinated creditors and senior unsecured creditors 
primarily bear losses in the event of resolution. MREL includes own funds (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, ordinary shares) as well as eligible liabilities (as defined in the BRRD) and is expressed as a 
percentage of either risk weighted assets or total liabilities and own funds, as contemplated by the BRRD. 
The BRRD does not mandate a minimum threshold for MREL, but instead provides for a case by case 
assessment of the MREL for each institution or group, against a minimum set of criteria prescribed by the 
rules made under the BRRD and applied by the Single Resolution Board in the case of financial institutions 
which are located in the Banking Union, such as the Group. Article 45 of the BRRD, as amended by BRRD 
II, sets out a procedure for the determination of MREL. Commission Delegated Regulation 2016/1450 
further defines the way in which resolution authorities, including the SRB, are to determine MREL. 
In June 2019, the SRB published an update to its 2018 MREL policy in light of the publication of the 
banking package (comprising CRR II, CRD V Directive, BRRD II and SRM II Regulation) in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019. This was followed by an overall updated MREL policy under the banking 
package (BRRD II and SRMR II Regulation) published on 20 May 2020. The Single Resolution Board has 
set binding MREL targets (at consolidated level) for the Bank for 1 January 2022 and for the end of the 
transitional period which is the 31 December 2025. 
The CRD IV Directive has subsequently been amended by the the CRD V Directive and the CRR has 
subsequently been amended by the publication of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 (CRR II). The CRD V Directive and CRR II were both published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. The CRR II applies from 28 June 2021 subject to 
certain exceptions and the CRD V Directive has been transposed into Greek law by law 4799/2021 which 
amended to this effect the BRR Law and the CRD Law.  
The SRM II Regulation amended the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. The SRM II Regulation is valid as of the date of its 
publication in the Official Journal of the European Union and applies from 28 December 2020. Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 amended Directive 2014/59/EU, among others, as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. Member States were supposed to bring 
into force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with this Directive by 28 
December 2020. Directive (EU) 2019/879 was transposed into Greek law by law 4799/2021, coming into 
force as of 17 May 2021, with few exceptions. 
The BRRD Reforms contain a new Article 16a that clarifies the stacking order between the combined buffer 
and the MREL Requirement. Pursuant to this new provision the Relevant Resolution Authority has the 
power to prohibit an entity from distributing more than the Maximum Distributable Amount (as defined 
below) for the MREL where the combined buffer requirement and the MREL Requirement are not met. 
Should the Single Resolution Board not provide an adequate transition period, issuance of MREL eligible 
liabilities in a short timeframe could be very costly having thus a material adverse effect on Group’s 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
51 
 
 
The Group may not be allowed to continue to recognize the main part of deferred tax assets as regulatory 
capital or as an asset, which may have an adverse effect on its operating results and financial condition. 
The Group currently includes DTAs in calculating the Group’s capital and capital adequacy ratios. As at 30 
June 2021, the Group’s DTAs, excluding the amount of the DTA that was classified as non-current assets 
held for sale, amounted to €4.9 billion (31 December 2020: €4.9 billion). 
The Bank reviews the carrying amount of its DTAs at each reporting date, and such review may lead to a 
reduction in the value of the DTAs on the Bank’s statement of financial position, and therefore reduce the 
value of the DTAs as included in the Group’s regulatory capital. 
Under applicable capital requirements regulations, DTAs recognized for IFRS purposes that rely on future 
profitability and arise from temporary differences of a credit institution and exceed certain thresholds must 
be deducted from its CET1 capital. 
EU Regulation 575/2013 provides that DTAs recognised for IFRS purposes that rely on future profitability 
and arise from temporary differences of a credit institution and exceed certain thresholds must be deducted 
from its CET1 capital.  
The deduction would have a significant impact on Greek credit institutions, including the Bank. However, as 
a measure to mitigate the effects of the deduction, Article 27A of Greek Law 4172/2013, (DTC Law), as 
currently in force, allows credit institutions, under certain conditions, and from 2017 onwards, to convert 
DTAs arising from (a) private sector initiative (PSI) losses, (b) accumulated provisions for credit losses 
recognised as at 30 June 2015, (c) losses from final write-off or the disposal of loans and (d) accounting 
write-offs, which will ultimately lead to final write-offs and losses from disposals, to a receivable (Tax 
Credit) from the Greek State. Items (c) and (d) above were added by Greek Law 4465/2017 enacted on 29 
March 2017. The same Greek Law 4465/2017 provided that the total tax relating to cases (b) to (d) above 
cannot exceed the tax corresponding to accumulated provisions recorded up to 30 June 2015 less (a) any 
definitive and cleared Tax Credit which arose in the case of accounting loss for a year according to the 
provisions of par. 2 of Article 27A, which relate to the above accumulated provisions, (b) the amount of tax 
corresponding to any subsequent specific tax provisions, which relate to the above accumulated provisions, 
and (c) the amount of tax corresponding to the annual amortisation of the debit difference that corresponds to 
the above provisions and other losses in general arising due to credit risk. 
Furthermore, Greek Law 4465/2017 amended Article 27 “Carry forward losses” by introducing an 
amortisation period of 20 years for losses due to loan write-offs as part of a settlement or restructuring and 
losses that crystallise as a result of a disposal of loans. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group’s eligible DTAs amounted to €4.2 billion (31 December 2020: €4.3 billion). 
The main condition for the conversion of DTAs to a Tax Credit is the existence of an accounting loss at 
Bank level of a respective year, starting from accounting year 2016 and onwards. The Tax Credits will be 
calculated as a ratio of IFRS accounting losses to net equity (excluding the year’s losses) on a solo basis and 
such ratio will be applied to the remaining Eligible DTAs in a given year to calculate the Tax Credit that will 
be converted in that year, in respect of the prior tax year. The Tax Credit may be offset against income taxes 
payable. The non-offset part of the Tax Credit is immediately recognised as a receivable from the Greek 
State. The Bank is obliged to issue conversion rights to the Greek State for an amount of 100% of the Tax 
Credit in favour of the Greek State and will create a specific reserve for an equal amount. Common 
shareholders have pre-emption rights on these conversion rights. The reserve will be capitalised with the 
issuance of common shares in favour of the Greek State. This legislation allows credit institutions to treat 
such DTAs as not “relying on future profitability” according to Capital Requirement Directive (CRD) IV, 
and as a result such DTAs are not deducted from CET1, hence improving a credit institution’s capital 
position.

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
52 
 
 
On 7 November 2014, the Bank convened an extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting which resolved 
to include the Bank in the DTC Law. An exit by the Bank from the provisions of the DTC Law requires 
regulatory approval and a General Shareholders’ Meeting resolution. 
If the regulations governing the use of Deferred Tax Credits (DTCs) as part of the Group’s regulatory capital 
change, this may affect the Group’s capital base and consequently its capital ratios. As at 30 June 2021, 
71.9% of the Group’s CET1 capital (including the profit for the period) was comprised of DTA eligible for 
DTC. Additionally, there can be no assurance that any final interpretation of the amendments described 
above will not change or that the European Commission will not rule the treatment of the DTCs under Greek 
law illegal and as a result Greek credit institutions will ultimately not be allowed to maintain certain DTCs as 
regulatory capital. If any of these risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
ability to maintain sufficient regulatory capital, which may in turn require the Group to issue additional 
instruments qualifying as regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other action, 
any of which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operating results and financial condition and 
prospects. 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals and 
regulations governing creditors’ rights in Greece and various SEE countries may limit the Group’s ability to 
receive payments on past due loans, and anticipated changes to such laws may not have the desired effect. 
Laws governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals 
(including Greek Law 4738/2020 (into force from 1 March or 1 June 2021 depending on the provisions), 
which regulates the settlement of debts and other laws and regulations governing creditors’ rights generally 
vary significantly within the region in which the Group operates. See further “Regulation and Supervision of 
Banks in Greece - Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals” for a description of Greek laws 
governing the bankruptcy of individuals or otherwise settlement of debts owed by individuals. In some 
countries, the laws offer significantly less protection for creditors than the bankruptcy regimes in Western 
Europe. In Greece, foreclosures and auctions of all properties were prohibited until 31 October 2015. 
Although the Greek suspension of every enforcement action due to capital controls was lifted by the 29 
October 2015 official announcement of Ministry of Justice, Transparency and Human Rights on 2 November 
2015, a prolonged abstention by lawyers’, bailiffs and notaries that commenced in January 2016 and ended 
in November 2017 for all parties, restrained the Bank from proceeding to enforcement, seizures and auctions 
of any real estate during that period. Further to the above, there are certain interest groups organizing 
demonstrations previously at physical auctions and currently at electronic auctions which hinder their 
execution and sometimes result in violence. Consequently, the pace at which auctions of residential 
properties occur is often delayed.  
Although measures undertaken in the context of the Third Programme are in principle designed to address 
certain of the foregoing concerns in respect of creditors’ rights in Greece, and reduce legal impediments to, 
and the tax consequences of, the enforcement of such rights, these measures may not be enacted as proposed 
or may not provide any of the protections to creditors that are hoped for. As a consequence, the Bank may 
continue to encounter difficulties recovering or enforcing collateral on past due loans, and such difficulties 
may be exacerbated in light of COVID-19, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial 
condition and results of operations. 
If the current economic conditions persist or worsen, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
bankruptcies could intensify, or applicable bankruptcy protection laws and regulations may change to limit 
the impact of the recession on corporate and retail borrowers. Such changes may have an adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
53 
 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
General risks relating to a particular issue of Notes 
The Notes issued under the Programme may be subject to the general bail-in tool under the BRRD (and/or, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Non-Viability Loss Absorption) and to the mandatory burden sharing 
measures for the provision of precautionary capital support, which may result in their write-down in full  
The BRRD, as implemented in Greece by the BRR Law, contemplates that the Notes may be subject to the 
general bail-in tool, which gives resolution authorities the power to write-down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing institution and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims, including the Notes, to 
equity, which equity could also be subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool. Holders of 
Notes subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool may 
result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. The bail-in tool may be imposed either as a sole 
resolution measure or in combination with the rest of the resolution tools that may be imposed by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority in case of the resolution of a failing Greek credit institution and/or if the 
credit institution receives state-aid in the form of Government Financial Support Tool pursuant to Articles 
56-58 of the BRRD and Article 6b of Greek law 3864/2010 on the operation of the Hellenic Financial 
Stability Fund (the HFSF). Liabilities that are excluded from the bail-in tool, include, inter alia, covered 
deposits, secured liabilities (including covered bonds) and, under Greek law in force as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, certain senior preferred liabilities (see further “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in 
Greece – Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” below). If the Bank is subjected to resolution measures 
in the future or receives state aid in the form of the Government Financial Support Tool pursuant to Articles 
56-58 of the BRRD and Article 6b of Greek law 3864/2010 on the operation of the HFSF, then the value of 
the Notes subjected to such measures may be written down (up to zero) as a result of the imposition of the 
bail-in tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority. In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD 
contemplates that, inter alia, Subordinated Notes may be subject to Non-Viability Loss Absorption, which 
may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment in respect of Subordinated Notes. Moreover, 
the conditions for the HFSF granting precautionary recapitalisation support include, among others, the 
imposition by virtue of a Cabinet Act, pursuant to Article 6a of Greek law 3864/2010, of mandatory burden 
sharing measures on the holders of instruments of capital and other liabilities of the credit institution 
receiving such support (the Mandatory Burden Sharing Measures). The Mandatory Burden Sharing 
Measures include the absorption of losses by existing subordinated creditors by the writing down of the 
nominal value of their claims. Absorption of loss by shareholders of the credit institution, so that the equity 
position of the credit institution becomes zero, is implemented by way of a resolution of the competent 
corporate body of the credit institution which provides for the decrease of the nominal value of the shares. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be subject to the above provisions of Article 6a of the HFSF. 
Therefore, if the Bank were to receive precautionary capital support from the HFSF in the future and its 
equity position is negative, there can be no assurance that such Notes will not be subjected to write-down as 
a result of the Mandatory Burden Sharing Measures.  
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could also materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes.   
See further “Factors that may affect the ability of the Bank to fulfil their obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme – The Group is subject to the European resolution framework which has been 
implemented and may result in additional compliance or capital requirements and will dictate the procedure 
for the resolution of the Group.”.

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
54 
 
 
The circumstances in which the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise the bail-in tool or other 
resolution tools pursuant to Greek law 4335/2015 or other future statutes or regulatory acts are vague and 
such uncertainty may have an impact on the value of the Notes 
The conditions for the submission of a credit institution to resolution and the respective activation of the 
relevant powers of the Relevant Resolution Authority, are set in Article 32 of the BRRD and Greek 
transposing law 4335/2015. Such conditions include the determination by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that (a) the credit institution is failing or is likely to fail; (b) no reasonable prospect exists that any alternative 
private sector measures (including the write-down) would prevent the failure; and (c) a resolution action is 
necessary in the public interest, whilst the resolution objectives would not be met to the same extent by the 
special liquidation of the credit institution pursuant to normal insolvency. 
Such conditions, however, are not further specified in the applicable law and so their satisfaction is left to the 
determination and discretion of the Relevant Resolution Authority, although Guidelines of the EBA on the 
circumstances under which an institution shall be considered as “failing or likely to fail” have been 
published. Such uncertainty may impact on the market perception as to whether a credit institution meets or 
not such conditions and as such it may be subjected to resolution tools. This may have a material adverse 
impact on the present value of the Notes and other securities of the Issuer listed on organised markets. 
In addition, if any Greek bail-in action is taken, interested parties, such as creditors or shareholders, may 
raise legal challenges. If any litigation arises in relation to Greek bail-in actions (whether actually, or 
purported to be taken) and such actions are annulled and additional actions need to be taken, including 
reversal of any Greek bail-in action that is challenged, this may negatively affect liquidity and valuation, and 
increase the price volatility of the Issuer’s securities (including the Notes). 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior 
in priority of payment to Senior Creditors. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest 
than comparable Notes which are not subordinated (or, are non-preferred senior such as Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his 
investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
The intention of the Bank is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as “Tier 2 capital” of the Group 
and/or the Bank for regulatory capital purposes.  
Although it is the Bank's expectation that such Notes will qualify as “Tier 2 capital” of the Group and/or the 
Bank, there can be no assurance that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Notes. If there is a 
change in the regulatory classification of any Series of Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in 
their exclusion, in whole or in part, from “Tier 2 capital” of the Group and/or the Bank, the Issuer will have 
the right to redeem such Notes in accordance with Condition 10.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for 
regulatory reasons) (subject as set out in such Condition and Condition 10.13 (Conditions to Substitution, 
Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes). There can be no assurance 
that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will 
provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes. In addition, the occurrence of such 
event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
55 
 
 
Early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification of the Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes may be restricted  
Any early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification of Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such 
redemption or repurchase or substitution or variation or modification prescribed by MREL Requirements at 
the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or purchase or substitution or 
variation or modification due to the qualification of such Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements, as provided in 
Condition 10.12 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In addition, under the CRD IV Package, the early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or 
modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes which qualify as eligible 
liabilities available to meet MREL Requirements is subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority where applicable from time to time under the applicable laws and regulations. The CRD IV 
Package states that the Relevant Resolution Authority would approve an early redemption of Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes where any of the following conditions is met: 
• 
on or before such early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer replaces the 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes with own funds instruments or eligible 
liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuer; 
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that its own 
funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase or substitution or 
variation or modification, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities set out in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authority, in agreement 
with the Competent Authority, considers necessary; or 
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for 
continuing authorisation. 
Any early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification of Subordinated Notes is 
subject to (i) the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Competent Authority and such Competent Authority 
granting prior permission to redeem or purchase or substitute or vary or modify the relevant Subordinated 
Notes, in each case to the extent and in the manner required by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations, 
including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation, and (ii) compliance by the Issuer with any 
alternative or additional pre-conditions to redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or 
modification, as applicable, set out in the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations at such time, as provided 
in Condition 10.13 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of 
Subordinated Notes).  
As any early redemption, purchase, substitution, variation or modification of any such Notes will be subject 
to the prior permission of the Competent Authority, the outcome may not necessarily reflect the commercial 
intention of the Issuer or the commercial expectations of the holders of those Notes and this may have an 
adverse impact on the market value of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
56 
 
 
The Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to unsubordinated preferred 
obligations of the Issuer, such as Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes  
The Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations and will rank junior to Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes (and 
all other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, pari 
passu with Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes) and claims arising from the excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRD IV Regulation and any other unsubordinated 
obligations which rank or are expressed to rank senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including deposits of 
the Bank. Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes 
which rank senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, there is a real risk that an investor in Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem Notes for tax reasons in the circumstances described in, and in 
accordance with, Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or, in respect of 
Subordinated Notes only and if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, following a change of the 
regulatory classification of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the circumstances described in, and in 
accordance with Condition 10.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons) or, in respect of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only and if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in the circumstances described and in accordance with Condition 10.7 (Issuer Call due to 
MREL Disqualification Event). 
Any redemption of the Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption prescribed by MREL Requirements at the relevant time 
(including any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements). See “Early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation or modification of the 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted” below for further 
information. 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior approval of the relevant Competent 
Authority to the extent and in the manner required by applicable laws and regulations, including Articles 77 
and 78 of the CRD IV Regulation. See “Early redemption or purchase or substitution or variation of the 
Subordinated Notes may be restricted” above for further information. 
The redemption at the option of the Issuer feauture is exercisable in whole or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in part and such exercise by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect the 
liquidity of the Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The redemption at the option of the Issuer provided in Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) is exercisable in whole or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in part. If the Issuer decides

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
57 
 
 
to redeem certain Notes in part only, such partial redemption may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the 
same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending on the number of the Notes of the 
same Series in respect of which the Issuer’s optional redemption is exercised, any trading market in respect 
of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. 
Notes may be subject to substitution and variation without Noteholder consent 
If Substitution or Variation is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms (i) in respect of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, at any time a MREL Disqualification Event 
occurs in relation to any Series of Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (ii) in 
respect of Subordinated Notes, at any time a Regulatory Event occurs in relation to any Series of 
Subordinated Notes or (iii) in respect of any Notes, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 26 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, then the Issuer 
may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Holders of the relevant Notes of that Series), at any time either substitute all 
(but not some only) of such Notes, or vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Unsubordinated Notes, Qualifying Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Qualifying Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation or 
substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Unsubordinated Notes, Qualifying Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Qualifying Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the Issuer that, 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, have terms not materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders of the relevant Notes as a class (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
relevant Unsubordinated Notes, Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, as applicable. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such 
substituted or varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject to a MREL Disqualification 
Event redemption 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the applicable Final Terms for the 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to 
MREL Disqualification Event is applicable, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of 
such Series at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms together with any outstanding interest. 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption prescribed by the MREL Requirements at 
the relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL Requirements). A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, at any 
time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Unsubordinated MREL Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are, or (in the opinion of the Issuer, the Competent Authority or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority) are likely to be, excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL Requirements, subject to certain exceptions.  
If the Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no 
assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will 
provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
58 
 
 
Preferred Notes. In addition, the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in 
the market price of the Notes. 
The events of default under the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes are limited to Enforcement Events 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” applicable to the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of default allowing acceleration of 
such Notes if certain events occur, except in the event of winding up, dissolution, liquidation and/or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of a reconstruction or amalgamation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders) as set out in Condition 13.2 
(Enforcement Events—Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) 
(an Enforcement Event). Accordingly, except in the case of an Enforcement Event, if the Issuer fails to 
meet any obligations under the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
Subordinated Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors will not have the right of acceleration of 
principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing 
in respect of any payment of principal or interest on the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
 
In the case of any Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes which 
are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, please also see Risk Factor “In respect of any 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, “Social Bond” and “Sustainable 
Bond”, the application of the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) might not meet 
investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria”. 
Waiver of set-off 
Under Condition 5 (Status of the Notes), each holder of an Unsubordinated MREL Note or a Senior Non-
Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Unsubordinated MREL Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note or Subordinated 
Note, as the case may be. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes 
The obligation under Condition 12 (Taxation)  to pay additional amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under the 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and not to payments of 
principal or premium (as applicable). As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional 
amounts under the terms of the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal or premium (as 
applicable). Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal or 
premium (as applicable) under any Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount of principal or premium (as 
applicable) due under such Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected.

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
59 
 
 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
Reset Notes linked to or referencing such benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including the euro interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR)) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”, such as Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use 
of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if an IBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes which reference such IBOR will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the relevant 
IBOR rate is to be determined under the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, this may (i) if ISDA 
Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant 
IBOR rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if 
Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when the relevant IBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could have an

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
60 
 
 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes 
which reference the relevant IBOR. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer 
or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) 
by an Adjustment Spread. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page or Reset Relevant Screen Page (as applicable). In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  If the Independent 
Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
and the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, then the necessary amendments shall be made to vary the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” and the Agency Agreement without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, as provided by Condition 9.4 (Benchmark Amendments).  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
Reset Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, “Social Bond” and 
“Sustainable Bond”, the application of the net proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) might 
not meet investor expectations or be (or remain) suitable for an investor’s investment criteria  
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes (or an amount equal thereto) towards the 
financing and/or refinancing of projects specifically for projects and activities that promote climate-friendly 
and other environmental purposes, as further described below in the “Use of Proceeds” within the “General 
Information” section of this Base Prospectus (Green Projects) and/or that promote access to labour market 
and accomplishment of general interest initiatives, as further described below in the “Use of Proceeds” 
within the “General Information” section of this Base Prospectus section (Social Projects) and/or that 
promote both Green Projects and Social Projects (respectively, Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainable Bonds). The Issuer may request, on an annual basis, starting one year after the issuance of any 
such Notes and until full allocation, annual post-issuance review of the allocation of an amount equivalent to 
the net proceeds to the Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainable Bonds, provided by a qualified 
external party. Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the “Use of Proceeds” within 
the “General Information” section of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms regarding such 
use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary (including the 
then applicable National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework, as defined below). In particular, no 
assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects and for

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
61 
 
 
any Social Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations (including, amongst 
others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate change mitigation and 
adaption (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) (together, the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation) or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of, or related to, the relevant Green Projects or the relevant Social Projects).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that 
such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not 
significantly change. In addition, the EU Taxonomy Regulation has only recently been enacted and a first 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Act was formally adopted for scrutiny on 4 June 2021. 
The EU Taxonomy Regulation is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the 
European Commission through the Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts. Accordingly, no assurance can be 
given that the Issuer's Green and/or Social Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
"green" or "social" (or other equivalently labelled) performance objectives (including those set out under the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation and the Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) or that any adverse social or green 
and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any green or social project. Moreover, in 
light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green and positive 
social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or definitions may (or may not) be 
modified to adapt any update that may be made to the ICMA’s Green Bond Principles and/or the EU 
framework standard. Such changes may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of any 
Green Bond or Social Bond issued prior to their implementation.  
In April 2020, the Issuer published a framework relating to investments in Green Projects, which may be 
amended or updated from time to time, (the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework) which is 
available 
on 
the 
Bank’s 
website 
(https://www.nbg.gr/en/the-group/investor-relations/dept-
investors/globalmediumtermnoteprogramme), together with a second-party opinion on the National Bank of 
Greece Green Bond Framework (the Second-Party Opinion). The most recent version of the National Bank 
of Greece Green Bond Framework will be available on the Issuer’s website. For the avoidance of doubt, 
neither the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework nor the Second-Party Opinion is, or shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer, and including for the 
avoidance of doubt the Second-Party Opinion) which may or may not be made available in connection with 
the issue of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and in particular with any Green Projects 
or any Social Projects, as appropriate, to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that 
opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight.

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
62 
 
 
In addition, a withdrawal of any such opinion or certification may affect the value of such Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green or social assets. The withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described 
above, attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainable Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainable Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.  
In the event that any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on 
any dedicated “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, any Green Projects and to any Social Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds so specified, respectively, for Green Projects and/or Social Projects in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework (with respect to the Green Bonds only), 
this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) 
or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects and any Social Projects, as appropriate, will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Green Projects and/or 
the specified Social Projects, as applicable. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects or such 
Social Projects, will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environmental goals, social goals, sustainability goals or similar goals) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with reporting obligations or to obtain any 
assessment, opinion or certification in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, or any 
such report, assessment, opinion or certification concluding that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is obtained, and/or such 
Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any securities exchange or market, or any such failure 
to apply the proceeds of such Notes (or an amount equal thereto) for any Green Projects or Social Projects or 
to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications and irrespective of the results 
or outcome or otherwise of any Green Project or Social Project), will not (i) give rise to any claim of a 
Noteholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or 
not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such 
Notes as Unsubordinated Notes, Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes or as eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable); or (v) prevent the applicability of the bail-in 
powers or, as appropriate, Non-Viability Loss Absorption. Neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainable Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds or asset financed with such proceeds 
will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of 
principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
63 
 
 
shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred or any other right against 
the green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied. 
Any such event or failure (as described in the paragraph above) and/or any such report, assessment, opinion 
or certification concluding that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such report, assessment, opinion or certification is obtained, and/or such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainable Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds 
and also potentially the value of any other Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds which are 
intended to finance, as appropriate, Green Projects and to finance Social Projects and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
In addition, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds may also qualify as own funds or eligible 
liabilities. Among the risks applicable to the Notes, the Issuer’s Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable 
Bonds may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is 
initiated in respect of the Group (including the Issuer) and, with respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainable Bonds qualifying as Tier 2 capital, even before the commencement of any such procedure if 
certain conditions are met, in which cases the fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainable Bonds does not provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes, nor 
are the risks related to their level of subordination affected. 
Investors should refer to the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework (as further described in “Use 
of Proceeds” below) for further information with respect to the Green Bonds only. 
 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Fixed Reset Notes 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate or the applicable 
Reference Bond Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Reset Margin as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Fixed Reset Rate of 
Interest). The Fixed Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Interest Rate or 
the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in 
the Fixed Reset Notes. See “The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks"” below for further 
information. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer of such Notes has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to 
convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than the then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than the then 
prevailing rates on its Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
64 
 
 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Change of law 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” are based on English law (or, in respect of Condition 5.2 (Status – 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes), Condition 5.3 (Status — Subordinated Notes) and Condition 26 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), the laws of the Hellenic Republic) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or Greek law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Greek tax laws are uncertain and the Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer in the event 
of changes in tax laws, including changes in application or official interpretation of such laws 
Greek tax laws are uncertain and subject to change. Greek Law 4172/2013 on income taxation (as amended 
and currently in force), which is applicable for tax years commencing from 1 January 2014 onwards, was 
enacted recently and certain of its provisions may not yet have been fully interpreted or clarified by the 
competent departments of the Greek Ministry of Finance in accordance with the Greek Ministry of Finance's 
past practice. Consequently, such law may be subject to contrary or differing future interpretations, 
guidelines or other form of instructions that may be issued by the Greek Ministry of Finance and the 
Independent Authority for Public Revenue in the form of circulars, ministerial decisions or other secondary 
legislation. It is also noted that provisions concerning taxation of interest were significantly amended in 
December 2019 and no guidelines or other form of instructions on the interpretation of the new provisions 
have yet been issued by the competent authorities. 
If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Hellenic Republic or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
65 
 
 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer would be required to pay additional 
amounts under the Notes, then the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes prior to their stated 
maturity pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) at a redemption price equal to the relevant 
Early Redemption Amount.  
There is a risk that at the time of such redemption an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (which need 
not be in a physical place and instead may be by way of conference call, including by use of a 
videoconference platform) to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass 
resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the 
case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Reliance on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Bearer Global Notes or 
Registered Global Notes (together, the Global Notes) that may be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be deposited with a nominee for DTC (each as defined 
under “Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales”). Except in the circumstances 
described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the 
relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer will have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action 
against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights 
under the Deed of Covenant.  
Risks related to the market generally 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
 
66 
 
 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease:(i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; 
(ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates are subsequently increased 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bank or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). Such general restrictions will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country 
non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation). As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
67 
 
 
UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Information included in the following documents which have previously been published shall be 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus as set out in the relevant cross-reference 
lists: 
(a) 
the Group and Bank Annual Financial Report 31 December 2020, which includes the 
Independent Auditor’s Report and the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the Group 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the 2020 Annual Financial Statements), 
available 
at: 
https://www.nbg.gr/english/the-group/investor-relations/financial-
information/annual-interim-financial-
statements/Documents/Annual%20and%20interim%20financial%20statements/Annual%20Finan
cial%20Report%202020_EN.pdf; 
(b) 
the Group and Bank Annual Financial Report 31 December 2019, which includes the 
Independent Auditor's Report and the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the Group 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the 2019 Annual Financial Statements) 
(available at:  https://www.nbg.gr/english/the-group/investor-relations/annual-report-offerring-
circular/Documents/annual-report-2019.pdf); 
(c) 
the Group and Bank Six-Month Financial Report as of 30 June 2021 and for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2021, which includes the Independent Auditor's Review Report and the Unaudited 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the Group as of 30 June 2021 and for the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2021 (the June 2021 Interim Financial Statements), available at: 
https://www.nbg.gr/english/the-group/investor-relations/financial-information/annual-interim-
financial-
statements/Documents/Annual%20and%20interim%20financial%20statements/Financial%20Stat
ements%2030%2006%202021_EN.pdf; and 
(d) 
the Group and Bank Interim Financial Statements as of and for the period ended 30 September 
2021 
(the 
September 
2021 
Interim 
Financial 
Statements) 
(available 
at: 
https://www.nbg.gr/english/the-group/investor-relations/financial-information/annual-interim-
financial-
statements/Documents/Annual%20and%20interim%20financial%20statements/Financial%20Stat
ements%2030%2009%202021_EN.pdf  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Bank and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and 
Luxembourg. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Bank will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes,

--- Page 69 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
69 
 
 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 70 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
70 
 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE GROUP AND BANK 2019 ANNUAL 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 2020 ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Information Incorporated 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
Appendix for alternative performance measures 
 
p. 135-137 
pp. 117-119 
Independent Auditor’s Report ...............................
 
p. 144-149 
pp. 127-132  
Statement of Financial Position .............................
 
p. 151 
p. 134 
Income Statement ..................................................
 
p. 152 
p. 135 
Statement of Comprehensive Income ....................
 
p. 153 
p. 136 
Statement of Changes in Equity – Group ..............
 
p. 154 
p. 137 
Statement of Changes in Equity – Bank ................
 
p. 155 
p. 138 
Cash Flow Statement .............................................
 
p. 156 
p. 139 
Notes to the Financial Statements .........................
 
p. 157-278 
p. 140-258 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE GROUP AND BANK JUNE 2021 INTERIM 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Information Incorporated 
30 June 2021 
Board of Directors Report – Key Highlights - Response to COVID-19 crisis 
p. 9 
Board of Directors Report – Key Highlights – Key achievements and significant 
developments of NBG Group in the first half of 2021  
• 
Large scale Transformation Program 
• 
NPE reduction plan 
• 
Divestments 
p. 10 
 
p. 10-11 
 
p. 11-12  
Board of Directors Report – Response to COVID-19 crisis 
pp. 15-17 
Board of Directors Report – ESMA Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”), 
definition of financial data and ratios used 
 
pp. 43-45 
Independent Auditor’s Review Report 
 
p. 47 
Statement of Financial Position  
p. 49 
Income Statement – 6-month period 
 
p. 50 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 6-month period  
p. 51 
Income Statement – 3-month period 
p. 52 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 3 month period 
p.53 
Statement of Changes in Equity - Group  
p. 54 
Statement of Changes in Equity – Bank 
p. 55 
Cash Flow Statement 
 
p. 56 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
pp. 57-85  
 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST RELATING TO THE GROUP AND BANK SEPTEMBER 2021 
INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Information Incorporated 
30 September 2021  
Statement of Financial Position ......................................................................................  
p. 3 
Income Statement – 9 month period ...............................................................................  
p. 4 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 9 month period ................................................  
p. 5 
Income Statement – 3 month period ...............................................................................  
p. 6

--- Page 71 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 
 
71 
 
 
Information Incorporated 
30 September 2021  
Statement of Comprehensive Income – 3 month period ................................................  
p. 7 
Statement of Changes in Equity - Group ........................................................................  
p. 8 
Cash Flow Statement ......................................................................................................  
p. 9 
Notes to the Financial Statements  .................................................................................  
p. 10-38  
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at specified offices of the Paying Agents and will be available 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on or incorporated by reference in each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Forms of the Notes and 
Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales - Conditions applicable to Bearer Global Notes and Registered 
Global Notes”. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Programme 
National Bank of Greece S.A. (the Bank or the Issuer) is the issuer under a Global Medium Term 
Note Programme (the Programme) for the issuance of notes (the Notes). 
1.2 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms (the 
Final Terms) which completes these terms and conditions (the Conditions). The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms.  
1.3 
Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 17 December 2021 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Agency Agreement) between the Bank, The 
Bank of New York Mellon acting through its London branch as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent, 
which expression includes any successor Fiscal Agent appointed by the Bank from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch  as 
registrar (the Registrar, which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer and paying agents named therein (together with 
the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar, the Agents, which expression includes any successor or 
additional agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
1.4 
Deed of Covenant 
The Notes are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant dated 17 December 2021 (as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) made by the Issuer. 
1.5 
The Notes 
The Notes are in bearer form (Bearer Notes) or in registered form (Registered Notes) as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and 
vice versa. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes, 
or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
73 
 
 
The Notes may be Unsubordinated Notes, Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one Series only which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
References in these Conditions to Notes means the instruments (ομολογίες in Greek) issued by the 
Bank under Articles 59 et seq of Greek Law 4548/2018 and Article 14 of Greek Law 3156/2003, 
each as applicable from time to time. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are obtainable during 
normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes 
(as defined in Condition 2 (Interpretation)) the Registrar and, in any event, at the Specified Office of 
the Paying Agent in Luxembourg. 
1.6 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are subject to 
their detailed provisions. Noteholders and Couponholders, if any, are bound by, and are deemed to 
have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to 
them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection or 
collection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the 
Paying Agents or may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to 
any Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the 
relevant Paying Agent. 
2. 
Interpretation 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
74 
 
 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
in accordance with Condition 8.2 (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Amortised Face Amount has the meaning given in Condition 10.9 (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes); 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time any requirements contained in the laws, 
regulations, rules, guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority, or of the European Parliament 
and Council then in effect in the Hellenic Republic, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the 
Bank and/or the Group from time to time including any applicable transitional provisions, including, 
but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the rules contained in, or 
implementing, the CRD IV Package and the BRRD, and delegated or implementing acts adopted by 
the European Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority in connection 
with the CRD IV Package and/or the BRRD; 
Bearer Note means a Note in bearer form; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4 (Benchmark Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate; or 
(f) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used; 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended or replaced from time to time (including by BRRD II);

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
75 
 
 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, as amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Additional Business 
Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day (other than a 
Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in such currency and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the relevant currency or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation 
to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first 
preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the 
calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
76 
 
 
(e) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
Calculation Agent means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Competent Authority means the Bank of Greece or other governmental authority in the Hellenic 
Republic (or other country in which the Bank is then domiciled) and/or to the extent applicable in 
any relevant situation, the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or 
other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Bank or the Group; 
Coupon means an interest coupon pertaining to a Bearer Note; 
Coupon Sheet means, in respect of a Bearer Note, a coupon sheet relating to such Note; 
Couponholder means the holder of a Coupon; 
Covered Bond means any bond, note or other security (however defined) designated by the Bank as 
a covered bond and secured on a defined pool of assets; 
CRD IV Directive means the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRD V 
Directive); 
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial 
holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD IV Package means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive and (ii) the CRD IV Regulation; 
CRD IV Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by 
the CRD V Regulation);  
CRD V Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
Day Count Fraction means (subject as provided in Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note and Fixed Reset 
Note Provisions)), in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note in accordance 
with these Conditions: 
(a) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
77 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (i) the number of days in such Determination Period and (ii) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (i) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (ii) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (i) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (ii) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; 
(b) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(e) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(f) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
  
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
78 
 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
  
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(h) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
79 
 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1, will be 30; 
and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30; 
Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
Early Redemption Amount means (i) in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) in 
respect of Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; 
Early Redemption Date means a date prior to the scheduled Maturity Date on which the Issuer, in 
accordance with Condition 10 (Redemption and Purchase), redeems the Notes; 
Exchange Rate means the exchange rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
First Reset Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
First Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Reset Rate in respect of the First Reset 
Period and subject to Condition 6.2(a) (Accrual of interest); 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Fixed Reset Rate of Interest has the meaning given in Condition 6.2 (Fixed Reset Note Provisions); 
Floating Leg Reference Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Floating Leg Screen Page has the meaning given in the Relevant Final Terms; 
Group means the Bank and each entity within the prudential consolidation of the Bank pursuant to 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
Group Entity means the Bank or any entity that is part of the Group; 
Guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness; 
Holder means a Registered Holder or, as the context requires, the holder of a Bearer Note; 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised;

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
80 
 
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 8.1 
(Independent Adviser); 
Initial Interest Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Amount means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Date means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any 
other case); 
Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
Issue Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Loss Absorption Power means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules 
or requirements, whether relating to the resolution or independent of any resolution action of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State or, if 
appropriate, a third country (not or no longer being a Member State) in effect and applicable in the 
relevant Member State or, if appropriate, third country (not or no longer being a Member State) to 
the Bank or other Group Entities, including (but not limited to), the bail-in powers provided for by 
Articles 43 and 44 of Greek law 4335/2015 which has transposed BRRD, the write-down powers 
provided for by Articles 59 and 60 of Greek law 4335/2015, the general resolution powers provided 
for by Article 63 of Greek law 4335/2015 including the power to reduce (which reduction may be to 
zero) the principal amount of or outstanding amount due, the power to convert eligible liabilities into 
ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership, the power to cancel debt instruments and the 
power to amend or alter the maturity of debt instruments and other eligible liabilities or amend the 
amount of interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which 
the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, and any 
other such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within 
the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the 
Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
81 
 
 
otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or Group Entities 
can be reduced, cancelled, modified and/or converted into shares or other obligations of the obligor 
or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maturity Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 6.2 
(Fixed Reset Note Provisions), the rate for the Reset Determination Date of, in the case of semi-
annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with 
such semi-annual swap rate to be converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market 
convention, in the case of quarterly Interest Payment Dates) for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Reset Relevant Screen Page as of approximately 
11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination 
Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If such rate does not appear on the Reset Relevant 
Screen Page (other than in circumstances provided for in Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation)), 
the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the Reset Period; 
Minimum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to occur if, at any time, all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Notes are, or (in the opinion of the Issuer, the 
Competent Authority or the Relevant Resolution Authority) are likely to be, excluded fully or 
partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements; provided that a 
MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where (a) the exclusion of a Series of Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements is due to (i) the 
remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, or (ii) the 
relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or (b) the exclusion of all or some of 
a Series of Unsubordinated MREL Notes from the MREL Requirements is solely due to (i) such 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes failing to meet a requirement in relation to their ranking on insolvency 
of the Issuer or (ii) there being insufficient headroom for such Unsubordinated MREL Notes within 
a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities, if any;  
MREL Requirements means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
loss-absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Bank and/or the Group at such time (including 
any applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by 
the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Hellenic Republic, a Competent Authority or a 
Relevant Resolution Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies are applied generally or specifically to the Bank and/or the Group), as any of the preceding 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be 
amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
82 
 
 
Non-Greek Legal Person means a legal person which under Greek law is not resident in the 
Hellenic Republic for tax purposes and does not have a permanent establishment in Greece for tax 
purposes, does not hold the Notes through a custodian established in Greece and does not receive 
payment of interest under the Notes in the Hellenic Republic; 
Note Certificate means a certificate issued to each Registered Holder in respect of its registered 
holding; 
Noteholder means a holder of a Bearer Note or, as the context requires, a Registered Holder; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) or a Fixed Reset Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
Payment Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday) which 
(subject to Condition 14 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal 
personality; 
Postponed Early Redemption Date means the tenth Business Day following the Early Redemption 
Date (if any); 
Postponed Interest Payment Date means the tenth Business Day following the originally 
scheduled Interest Payment Date; 
Postponed Maturity Date means the tenth Business Day following the originally scheduled 
Maturity Date;

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
83 
 
 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Sydney and, in relation to New Zealand dollars, it 
means Auckland; 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a 
Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the surviving entity assuming the 
obligations of the Issuer does not benefit from a credit rating equal to or higher than the credit rating 
assigned to the Issuer or the Notes (to the extent any such Notes are rated) prior to the 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction; or (ii) any rating agency, having been notified of the 
proposed amalgamation, merger or reconstruction, shall have stated within 30 days thereafter that, as 
a result of such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction, the credit rating of the Issuer or the 
surviving entity assuming the obligations of the Issuer  or any Notes issued by the Issuer (to the 
extent any such Notes are rated) would be downgraded; 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; 
Reference Bond means (a) the security specified in the relevant Final Terms or (b) if, at the 
Reference Bond Quotation Time on the third business day in Athens preceding the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, such other central bank or 
government security that, in the majority opinion of three Reference Dealers (i) has a maturity 
comparable to the remaining term of the Notes and (ii) would be utilised, at the time of selection and 
in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. In the event that each such Reference 
Dealer selects a different central bank or government security, the Issuer shall approach a fourth 
Reference Dealer and, from the three different central bank or government securities selected by the 
other Reference Dealers, such fourth Reference Dealer shall select as the Reference Bond the central 
bank or government security which, in its opinion (i) has a maturity comparable to the remaining 
term of the Notes and (ii) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. The central bank or government security so selected by 
the fourth Reference Dealer shall then be the Reference Bond.

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
84 
 
 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (i) the arithmetic 
average of the Reset Reference Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reset Reference Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five 
such Reset Reference Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, 
or (iii) if only one Reset Reference Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reset Reference Dealer 
Quotations are received, the First Reset Rate shall be the Initial Interest Rate and any Subsequent 
Reset Rate shall be determined to be the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset 
Date; 
Reference Bond Quotation Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Bond Rate means, (i) in the case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) if Make-whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the rate per 
annum equal to the average of the five quotations of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest 
Payment Dates, the mid-market semi-annual or annual yield to maturity (with such mid-market yield 
to maturity to be converted to a quarterly mid-market yield to maturity in accordance with market 
convention, in the case of quarterly Interest Payment Dates) of the Reference Bond at the Reference 
Bond Quotation Time on the third business day in Athens preceding the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers or, (ii) in the case of the calculation of 
interest in respect of a Reset Period, with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Reset 
Determination Date, the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to 
maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond at the Reset Determination 
Time on the Reset Determination Date assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as 
a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset 
Determination Date; 
Redemption Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Reference Dealers means five (or, in the circumstances set out in the definition of Reference Bond 
and Reset Reference Bond below, three or four) credit institutions or financial services institutions 
that regularly deal in bonds and other debt securities as selected by the Issuer; 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reference Rate means EURIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Register means the register maintained by the Registrar in respect of Registered Notes in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement; 
Registered Holder means the person in whose name a Registered Note is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof); 
Registered Note means a Note in registered form; 
A Regulatory Event will occur if at any time there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that occurs on or after the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of Subordinated 
Notes that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion, in whole or in part, from the Tier 2 
Capital of the Group and/or the Bank and both of the following conditions are met: (i) the 
Competent Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Bank 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the 
most recent Tranche of the relevant Subordinated Notes;

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
85 
 
 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due 
date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any Indebtedness having an original maturity of more than one-year 
which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, 
certificate or other note, but excluding any Covered Bond, which, with the consent of the issuer of 
such security, is or is intended to be listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange, over the-counter 
or other organised market for securities (whether or not initially distributed by way of private 
placement); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority of the Hellenic Republic, the Single 
Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Loss Absorption Power 
from time to time;  
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (or 
any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a particular information service, 
including, without limitation Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
Relevant Settlement Currency Amount means the Specified Currency amount per Specified 
Denomination which would have been payable on the Relevant Date if the Settlement Disruption 
Event had not occurred; 
Relevant Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), in the case of EURIBOR; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time; 
Reserved Matter means, inter alia, any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes, to cancel or reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in 
respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under 
the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
86 
 
 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
second Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset Date;  
Reset Determination Time means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such other 
time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reset Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the 
bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with 
which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency, such 
day count basis as determined by the Calculation Agent), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency, such day count basis as determined 
by the Calculation Agent), is equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the 
Notes if (a) Screen Rate Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg 
Reference Rate and (c) the Reset Relevant Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page; 
Reset Rate means (a) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate or (b) if Reference Bond Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
Reference Bond Rate; 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 6.2 (Fixed Reset Note Provisions), the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset 
Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 
a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date. 
The Calculation Agent Agent will request the principal office of each of the Reset Reference Banks 
to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least five quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of 
the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no 
quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the last observable rate (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) for, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment 
Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be 
converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest 
Payment Dates) for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant 
Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, expressed as a percentage, which 
appeared on the Reset Relevant Screen Page prior to 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency on the relevant Reset Determination Date or if none, the Mid-Swap Rate for 
the immediately preceding Reset Period or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate, provided that the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate will not be the last observable rate if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Bank, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of 
the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Group and/or the Bank and/or

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
87 
 
 
result in the exclusion of the relevant Series of Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non- 
Preferred Notes from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements; 
Reset Reference Banks means five leading banks in the swap, money, securities or other market 
most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate in the Specified Currency with an 
equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Bank on the advice of an investment bank 
of international repute; 
Reset Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a central bank or government security issued by 
the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany) that, in the majority opinion of three Reference Dealers (i) has 
the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and (ii) would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the relevant Reset Period. In the event that each such Reference Dealer selects a different 
central bank or government security, the Issuer shall approach a fourth Reference Dealer and, from 
the three different central bank or government securities selected by the other Reference Dealers, 
such fourth Reference Dealer shall select as the Reset Reference Bond the central bank or 
government security which, in its opinion (i) has the nearest actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the relevant Reset Period and (ii) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period. 
The central bank or government security so selected by the fourth Reference Dealer shall then be the 
Reset Reference Bond. 
Reset Reference Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Dealer and any Reset 
Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such 
Reference Dealer; 
Reset Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (or any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a particular information 
service, including, without limitation Reuters) as specified as the Reset Relevant Screen Page in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service, or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Mid-Swap Rate; 
Resolution Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of the Bank 
or any other Group entity, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation; 
Second Reset Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
Senior Creditors means creditors of the Bank (a) who are unsubordinated creditors of the Bank, 
including Holders of Unsubordinated Notes and/or Unsubordinated MREL Notes, (b) who are 
Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or holders of other obligations of the Bank which rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or (c) who are subordinated creditors 
of the Bank whose claims rank or are expressed to rank in priority (whether only in the winding up,

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
88 
 
 
dissolution, liquidation and/or bankruptcy of the Bank or otherwise) to the claims of the Holders of 
Subordinated Notes  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes has the meaning given in Condition 5.2 (Status – Senior Non-
Preferred Notes); 
Settlement Determination Period means (a) in relation to any Interest Payment Date, the period 
which falls between ten and three Business Days (inclusive) preceding any relevant Interest Payment 
Date, as adjusted in accordance with the Following Business Day Convention; (b) in relation to the 
Maturity Date, the period which falls between ten and three Business Days (inclusive) preceding the 
Maturity Date, as adjusted in accordance with the Following Business Day Convention; and (c) in 
relation to any Early Redemption Date, as adjusted in accordance with the Following Business Day 
Convention, the period which falls between ten and three Business Days (inclusive) preceding any 
Early Redemption Date, as the case may be; 
Settlement Disruption Event means, as determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the imposition of laws or regulations by the 
central banking authority or other legislative, governmental or regulatory authority of the jurisdiction 
of the Specified Currency which (a) require non-residents of such jurisdiction to obtain permission 
from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain the Specified Currency, or (b) 
otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the Specified Currency or (c) otherwise regulate 
the purchase or holding of the Specified Currency by non-residents of such jurisdiction such that 
costs are imposed on obtaining the Specified Currency which would not be imposed in the absence 
of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or restricting the 
transfer of the Specified Currency between non-residents of such jurisdiction; 
Specified Currency has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
Specified Office has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Specified Period has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 
15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a 
Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including by the SRM II Regulation); 
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
Subordinated Notes has the meaning given in Condition 5.3 (Status — Subordinated Notes); 
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Reset Rate for the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Period; 
Subsidiary means, in relation to the Bank at any particular time, any entity:

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
89 
 
 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the Bank controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of such entity or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the Bank; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to or replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
Talon means a talon for further Coupons; 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto is open; 
Tier 2 Capital means capital that is treated as constituting tier 2 capital under Applicable Banking 
Regulations from time to time (and shall also include any successor or substitute term applicable 
pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations) for regulatory capital purposes;  
Zero Coupon Note means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes has the meaning given in Condition 5.1 (Status — Unsubordinated 
Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes); and 
Unsubordinated Notes has the meaning given in Condition 5.1 (Status — Unsubordinated Notes 
and Unsubordinated MREL Notes). 
Interpretation: 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to interest (other than in relation to interest 
due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(b) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(c) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(d) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(e) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(f) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; and

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
90 
 
 
(g) 
if an expression is stated in this Condition 2 to have the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
3.1 
Notes in Bearer Form 
Bearer Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes 
with more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not 
be exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to Bearer Notes and 
Coupons will pass by delivery. The Holder of any Bearer Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise 
required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
3.2 
Notes in Registered Form 
Registered Notes are issued in the Specified Denominations and may be held in holdings at least 
equal to the Specified Denomination (an Authorised Holding). The Holder of each Registered Note 
in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the Register shall (except as 
otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing on 
the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any previous loss or 
theft of such Note Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
4. 
Register and Transfers of Registered Notes 
4.1 
Register 
The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. A Note Certificate will be issued to each Registered Holder in respect of its holding. 
Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded 
in the Register. 
4.2 
Transfers 
Subject to Conditions 4.5 (Closed periods) and 4.6 (Regulations concerning transfers and 
registration), a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, 
with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals 
who have executed the form of transfer, provided however, that a Registered Note may not be 
transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the 
Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of 
Notes not transferred are Authorised Holdings. Where not all the Registered Notes represented by 
the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of 
the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor.

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
91 
 
 
4.3 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates 
Within five business days of the surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with Condition 4.2 
(Transfers), the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a 
like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each Registered Holder at its Specified 
Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk 
of any such relevant Registered Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the 
address specified for the purpose by such Registered Holder. In this Condition, business day means 
a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in 
the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified 
Office. 
4.4 
No charge 
The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may 
be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
4.5 
Closed periods 
Registered Holders may not require transfers to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes or (ii) 
during the period of 15 days before the Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or (iii) after any such Note has been called 
for redemption or (iv) during the period of 7 days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
4.6 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration 
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations 
may be changed by the Bank with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Registered Holder who requests in 
writing a copy of such regulations. 
5. 
Status of the Notes 
5.1 
Status — Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes 
Condition 5.1(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as being 
Unsubordinated Notes (Unsubordinated Notes) and in relation to Notes specified in the Final 
Terms as being Unsubordinated MREL Notes (Unsubordinated MREL Notes). Condition 5.1(b) is 
applicable in relation to Unsubordinated MREL Notes only. 
(a) 
The Unsubordinated Notes and the Unsubordinated MREL Notes constitute direct, general, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times 
rank (i) pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all 
other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes, (ii) junior to present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer which are 
preferred by mandatory provisions of law (and which rank in priority to the Unsubordinated 
Notes and the Unsubordinated MREL Notes) and (iii) in priority to present and future 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of (A) Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and all other present 
and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
92 
 
 
passu with Senior Non-Preferred Notes), Subordinated Notes (and all other present and 
future unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu 
with Subordinated Notes) and any other subordinated obligations of the Issuer and (B) the 
share capital of the Issuer.   
(b) 
Each Holder of Unsubordinated MREL Notes unconditionally and irrevocably waives any 
right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of the Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes.  To the extent that any set-off takes place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, 
between: (y) any amount owed by the Issuer to a Noteholder or Couponholder arising under 
or in connection with the Unsubordinated MREL Notes issued by the Issuer or the Coupons 
relating thereto and (z) any amount owed to the Issuer by such Noteholder or, as the case 
may be, Couponholder, such Noteholder or, as the case may be, Couponholder will 
immediately transfer such amount which is set-off to the Issuer or, in the event of its 
winding up or dissolution or liquidation and/or bankruptcy, the liquidator, administrator or 
other relevant insolvency official of the Issuer.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
5.2 
Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 5.2 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as being Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes).  
(a) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will rank at all times (i) pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (ii) junior to present and future obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes (and all 
other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes) and any other 
unsubordinated obligations which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, including deposits of the Bank (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
claims arising from excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRD IV 
Regulation) and (iii) in priority to present and future subordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of (A) Subordinated Notes (and all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with 
Subordinated Notes) and any other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (B) the share capital of the 
Issuer. 
(b) 
Each Holder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes unconditionally and irrevocably waives any 
right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. To the extent that any set-off takes place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, 
between: (y) any amount owed by the Issuer to a Noteholder or Couponholder arising under 
or in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by the Issuer or the Coupons 
relating thereto; and (z) any amount owed to the Issuer by such Noteholder or, as the case 
may be, Couponholder, such Noteholder or, as the case may be, Couponholder will 
immediately transfer such amount which is set-off to the Issuer or, in the event of its 
winding up or dissolution or liquidation and/or bankruptcy, the liquidator, administrator or 
other relevant insolvency official of the Issuer.

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
93 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
5.3 
Status — Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 5.3 is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes (Subordinated Notes).  
(a) 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank at all times (i) subject to mandatory provisions of law, pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and pari passu with all other present and future 
subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with the Subordinated Notes, (ii) junior to present and future obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes (and all other 
present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu 
with Unsubordinated Notes and Unsubordinated MREL Notes) and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (and all other present and future obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed 
to rank pari passu with Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any other obligations of the Issuer 
(including subordinated obligations, if relevant) which rank or are expressed to rank senior 
to the Subordinated Notes, including deposits of the Bank and (iii) in priority to present and 
future subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (A) which rank or are expressed 
to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes and (B) in respect of the share capital of the Issuer. 
The claims of the Holders will be subordinated to the claims of Senior Creditors, in that, 
subject as set out in (b) below, payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (whether in the winding up, dissolution, liquidation and/or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer or otherwise) will be conditional upon the Issuer being solvent at the time of 
payment by the Issuer and in that no principal or interest shall be payable in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (whether in the winding up, dissolution, liquidation and/or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer or otherwise) except to the extent that the Issuer could make such payment and 
still be solvent immediately thereafter. For this purpose, the Issuer shall be considered to be 
solvent if it can pay principal and interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes issued by the 
Issuer and still be able to pay its outstanding debts to the Senior Creditors which are due and 
payable.  
(b) 
Notwithstanding (a) above, Holders will have a claim against the Issuer in the case of 
winding-up, dissolution, liquidation and/or bankruptcy of the Issuer, but the Holders will 
only be paid by the Issuer after all Senior Creditors have been paid in full and the Holders 
irrevocably waive their right to be treated equally with the Senior Creditors in such 
circumstances.  
(c) 
Each Holder of Subordinated Notes unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of the Subordinated Notes. To the extent that 
any set-off takes place, whether by operation of law or otherwise, between: (y) any amount 
owed by the Issuer to a Noteholder or Couponholder arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer or the Coupons relating thereto and (z) any amount 
owed to the Issuer by such Noteholder or, as the case may be, Couponholder, such 
Noteholder or, as the case may be, Couponholder will immediately transfer such amount 
which is set-off to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding up or dissolution or liquidation 
and/or bankruptcy, the liquidator, administrator or other relevant insolvency official of the 
Issuer.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions.

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
94 
 
 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note and Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
6.1 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
This Condition 6.1 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from (and including) the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 6.1 (as well after as before judgment) until (and including) whichever is 
the earlier of (a) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) the day which is seven days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-unit 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
6.2 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
This Condition 6.2 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Reset Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate;

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
95 
 
 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if none, the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal 
to the First Reset Rate; and 
(iii) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) 
any Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date (if any) (each a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate,  
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) (each a Fixed Reset Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to and including the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The provisions of Condition 7.2 (Screen Rate Determination) shall apply, as applicable, in 
respect of any determination by the Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset 
Period in accordance with this Condition 6.2 as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate 
Notes. The Fixed Reset Rate of Interest for each Reset Period shall otherwise be determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 6.2. Once the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest is determined for a 
Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 6.1 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) shall apply to 
Fixed Reset Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
7.1 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). 
Each Note will cease to bear interest from (and including) the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before 
judgment) until (and including) whichever is the earlier of (a) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (b) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
7.2 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will (subject to Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation) below) be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
96 
 
 
(b) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(c) 
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (b) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide its quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Euro Zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(d) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or 
(as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
7.3 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where ISDA Rate in relation to any 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions  as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; or (ii) if  “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
97 
 
 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the day specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
7.4 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
7.5 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
7.6 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and 
each stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) 
in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
7.7 
Notifications etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Bank, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
7.8 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
98 
 
 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, (i) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate and (ii) in relation to ISDA Determination, as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
8. 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
This Condition 8 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Fixed Reset 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
8.1 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 8 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 
6.2 (Fixed Reset Note Provisions), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) or Fixed Reset Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 8.2 (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 8.3 (Adjustment Spread)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8.4 (Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of 
bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 8. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 8.1 prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided 
however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 8.1 prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be 
equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate on Fixed Reset Notes, the Fixed 
Reset Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Initial Interest Rate or (iii) in the case of the Subsequent 
Reset Rate on Fixed Reset Notes, the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Subsequent 
Reset Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Reset 
Period or if the immediately preceding Reset Period is the First Reset Period, the First Reset Rate. If 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating 
Rate Notes shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest for Fixed Reset 
Notes shall be the Initial Interest Rate (as applicable). Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest or Reset Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
99 
 
 
(as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Reset Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Reset Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 8.1 shall apply to 
the relevant next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 8.1. 
8.2 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 8.1 (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided 
in Condition 8.3 (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) or 
the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 8); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 8.3 (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) or the Fixed Reset Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 8). 
8.3 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 8.1 (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
8.4 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 8 and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 8.1 prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time, Reset 
Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and 
(ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 8.5 (Notices), without any requirement for the consent or approval of

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
100 
 
 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 8.4, the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8 (Benchmark Discontinuation), no Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the 
terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Bank, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice 
the qualification of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Group and/or 
the Bank and/or result in the exclusion of the relevant Series of Unsubordinated MREL Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. 
8.5 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 8 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
8.6 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 8.1 (Independent Adviser) to 9.4 
(Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 7.2 (Screen Rate Determination) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred. 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
9.1 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 10.1 (Scheduled redemption), 10.2(Redemption for tax reasons), 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or 10.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders) below 
or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 13.1 (Events of Default — 
Unsubordinated Notes) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 10.9 (Early 
redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced 
by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices).

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
101 
 
 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
10.1 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 1 (Payments). 
10.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, in the case of Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to Condition 10.12 (Conditions to Substitution, 
Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 10.13 (Conditions 
to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes), in 
whole, but not in part: 
(a) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable),  
on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the relevant Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), to 
Noteholders (which notice shall, subject to Condition 10.12 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, 
Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and Condition 10.13 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, 
Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes), if applicable, be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption, if: 
(i) 
on occasion of the next payment due under the Notes (in the case of Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, in respect of payments of 
interest only): (A) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction applicable to it, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of the Notes (provided that, in the case of any redemption of Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 10.2 proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of such 
Issue Date, if and to the extent then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations, the 
Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the applicable 
change or amendment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of 
the most recent Tranche of the relevant Subordinated Notes); and (B) such obligation cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, interest payments under or with respect to the 
Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer are no longer (partly or fully) deductible for tax 
purposes in the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction applicable to the Issuer (provided that, in the 
case of any redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to this Condition 10.2 proposed to 
be made prior to the fifth anniversary of such Issue Date, if and to the extent then required 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Competent Authority that the applicable change or amendment is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at such Issue Date,

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
102 
 
 
provided, however, that, in the case of (i) above, no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than: 
(A) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes 
were then due; or 
(B) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due. 
For the purposes of this Condition 10.2 and Condition 12 (Taxation), the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction means the Hellenic Republic or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax. 
10.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, in the case of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to Condition 10.12 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early 
Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 10.13 (Conditions to Substitution, 
Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes)) in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) such date on 
the Issuer giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to the Noteholders (which notice shall, subject to Condition 
10.12 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and Condition 10.13 (Conditions to 
Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes), if 
applicable, be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) such date. 
The Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will either be the specified percentage of the principal 
amount of the Notes stated in the relevant Final Terms or, if Make-whole Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be an amount equal to the higher of the following (the Make-Whole 
Amount), together with interest accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date (Call): 
(a) 
the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and 
(b) 
the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on the Notes to be redeemed, up to but not including the scheduled Maturity Date, 
discounted to the Optional Redemption Date (Call) on an annual basis (based on the actual 
number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the 
Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin (if any) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in each case as determined by the Issuer.

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
103 
 
 
10.4 
Partial redemption 
Partial redemption of Bearer Notes: 
If Bearer Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each stock exchange on 
which the Notes are then listed, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
Partial Redemption of Registered Notes: 
If Registered Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 10.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), each Registered Note shall be redeemed in part in the 
proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Registered Notes to be 
redeemed on the relevant Option Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Registered Notes on such date provided always that the amount redeemed or purchased 
in respect of each Note shall be equal to the minimum denomination thereof, or an integral multiple 
thereof. 
10.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
This Condition 10.5 is applicable (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) only in relation to 
Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Unsubordinated Notes and references to 
“Notes” and “Noteholders” shall be construed accordingly.  
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon the Holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer no less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to 
(but excluding) such date. No Series of Subordinated Notes shall contain the Put Option. In order to 
exercise the option contained in this Condition 10.5, the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Agent or 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) such Note together, in the case of Bearer Notes, with 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Agent. The Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly 
completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Holder. No Note, once deposited with a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10.5, may be withdrawn; provided, 
however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
relevant Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its 
Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by an Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 10.5, the depositor of such Note and not such Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of 
Note for all purposes.

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
104 
 
 
10.6 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons 
This Condition 10.6 is applicable (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) only in relation to 
Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” 
and “Noteholders” shall be construed accordingly. 
If Regulatory Call is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer may 
(subject to Condition 10.13 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and 
Modification of Subordinated Notes)):  
(a) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable),  
on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the relevant Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), to 
Noteholders (which notice shall, subject to Condition 10.13 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, 
Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes), be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding 
at any time at their Early Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if a Regulatory Event has occurred 
and is continuing. 
10.7 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 10.7 is applicable (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) only in relation to 
Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” shall be construed accordingly.  
If Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer may (subject to Condition 10.12 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, 
Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes)):  
(a) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable); or 
(b) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable),  
on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the relevant Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), to 
Noteholders (which notice shall, subject to Condition 10.12 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, 
Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), be irrevocable and  shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not 
some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any time at their Early Redemption Amount as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, 
if a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
105 
 
 
10.8 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Conditions 10.1 
(Scheduled redemption) to 10.7 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event) (as may be 
applicable to the Notes). 
10.9 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before 
the Maturity Date shall be an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(
)
y
AY
1
RP
ount
demptionAm
Re
Early
+
×
=
 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
10.10 Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may (subject, in the case of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to Condition 10.12 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early 
Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 10.13 (Conditions to Substitution, 
Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes)) purchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith. 
10.11 Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries under Condition 10.10 
(Purchase) above, and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them, may be held or 
resold or surrendered for cancellation.

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
106 
 
 
10.12 Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Any redemption or purchase or modification pursuant to Condition 17.2 (Modification) or 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 17.3 (Substitution and Variation) of Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according 
to the MREL Requirements is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such 
redemption or repurchase or modification or substitution or variation prescribed by the MREL 
Requirements at the relevant time including, as relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained 
prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRD IV 
Regulation, where one of the following conditions is met:  
a)  
on or before such redemption, purchase, modification, substitution or variation (as 
applicable), the Issuer replaces the relevant Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that its 
own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption, purchase, modification, 
substitution or variation (as applicable), exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, considers necessary; or 
c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant Unsubordinated MREL Notes and/or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the own 
funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorisation,subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined 
amount, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance 
with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the preceding paragraph. 
10.13 Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of 
Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption or purchase or modification pursuant to Condition 17.2 (Modification) or 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 17.3 (Substitution and Variation) of Subordinated 
Notes is subject to: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting 
prior permission to redeem or purchase or modify or substitute or vary the relevant 
Subordinated Notes, in each case to the extent and in the manner required by the then 
relevant Applicable Banking Regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD IV 
Regulation; and 
(b) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to redemption or 
purchase or modification or substitution or variation, as applicable, set out in the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations at such time.

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
107 
 
 
11. 
Payments 
11.1 
Payments under Bearer Notes 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of 
London). 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11.1(h) below below , be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in Condition 
11.1(a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City 
If any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments of principal or interest may be made 
at the Specified Office of an Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Agents outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Agents will be able to make payment of 
the full amount of the interest on the Bearer Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when 
due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Agents is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted 
by applicable United States law without involving adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer 
or its Agents are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer 
Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will 
be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment, provided however, that if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
108 
 
 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due 
for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due 
for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the Relevant Coupons) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment, 
provided however, that where this subparagraph would otherwise require a fraction 
of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal 
due for payment, provided however, that if the gross amount available for payment 
is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, 
the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available 
for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 11.1(a) 
above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the 
due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 10.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 10.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders), Condition 10.7 (Issuer Call 
due to MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 10.6 (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for 
regulatory reasons) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
(whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place 
of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be 
entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against 
presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Agent outside the United States (or 
in New York City if permitted by Condition 11.1(c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented to it for 
payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such 
payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
109 
 
 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of a 
Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a 
further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void 
pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
11.2 
Payments under Registered Notes 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note will be made against presentation and 
surrender of the Registered Note at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. 
Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the 
Registered Holder appearing in the Register at the close of business on the third business day (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the Specified Office of 
the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a 
Registered Holder does not have a Designated Account or (b) the principal amount of the Notes held 
by a Registered Holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other 
Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on 
a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, Designated Account means the account 
(which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident 
account) maintained by a Registered Holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the 
Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than 
euro) a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such Specified Currency and (in the 
case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note will be made by a cheque in the Specified 
Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city 
where the Specified Office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to 
the Registered Holder appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on 
the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date 
(the Record Date) at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon 
application of the Registered Holder to the Specified Office of the Registrar not less than three 
business days in the city where the Specified Office of the Registrar is located before the due date 
for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on 
the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer 
shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in 
respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the Registered Holder who has made the 
initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
Registered Holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption 
will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
110 
 
 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Registered Holders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions (for value the due date 
or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in 
the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for 
payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of an Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of 
interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Registered Holder shall 
not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) 
the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance 
with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
12. 
Taxation  
12.1 
Gross up 
All payments of principal (in respect of Unsubordinated Notes only) and interest in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons (if any) by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts in respect of principal and interest or, in respect of Unsubordinated 
MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, interest only, as will result in 
the receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders (if relevant) of such amounts as would have 
been received by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment:  
(a) 
in the Hellenic Republic; or  
(b) 
by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or  
(c) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant Holder 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note or 
Coupon on the last day of such period of 30 days; or  
(d) 
by or on behalf of a Holder who would not be liable or subject to such withholding or 
deduction if it were to comply with a statutory requirement or to make a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption but fails to do so.  
If Extended Gross-Up is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, notwithstanding 
the above, exceptions (a), (b) and (d) shall not apply to any Noteholder or Couponholder regarding 
interest payments under the Notes, if such payments to Non-Greek Legal Persons, at the time of the 
relevant interest payment, are subject to income tax withholding under the laws of the Hellenic 
Republic.

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
111 
 
 
12.2 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Bank becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than or in addition to the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, references in the Conditions to the Hellenic Republic shall be 
construed as references to the Hellenic Republic and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13. 
Events of Default 
13.1 
Events of Default — Unsubordinated Notes 
This Condition 13.1 is applicable only in relation to Unsubordinated Notes and references to “Notes” 
and “Noteholders” shall be construed accordingly. If any of the following events occurs, and is 
continuing (each an Event of Default): 
(a) 
Non-payment: 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within seven days of 
the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: 
the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other obligations under or 
in respect of the Notes issued by it and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after 
written notice thereof requiring the same to be remedied and addressed to the Issuer by any 
Noteholder has been delivered to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
Cross-default/cross-acceleration: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer is not paid when due or within any originally 
applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
the repayment of any such Indebtedness is accelerated by reason of default and such 
acceleration has not been rescinded or annulled; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer fails to pay when due or within any originally applicable grace period any 
amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in subparagraph (i) and/or 
subparagraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in 
subparagraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €15,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: 
one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no further appeal or judicial review is 
permissible under applicable law for the payment of an aggregate amount in excess of 
€15,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is rendered against the 
Issuer and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 60 days after the date(s) 
thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced:

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
112 
 
 
a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is appointed, 
of the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer and in 
any of the foregoing cases it shall not be stayed or discharged within 60 days; or 
(f) 
Insolvency etc: 
(x) the Issuer shall be declared insolvent by a court of competent jurisdiction or is unable to 
pay its debts as they fall due, (y) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or over half of 
the assets and revenues of the Issuer is appointed (or application for any such appointment is 
made), (z) the Issuer makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or 
for the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness 
or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness given by it or (zz) the Issuer ceases to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business (other than for the purpose of an amalgamation, merger or 
reconstruction (i) with another company and such company assumes all the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes, provided that no Rating Downgrade occurs following such 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction or (ii) on terms approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders); or 
(g) 
Winding up etc: 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation, 
dissolution and/or bankruptcy of the Issuer (other than (i) if such order or resolution is in 
connection with an amalgamantion, merger or reconstruction while solvent of the Issuer 
with another company and such company assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes, provided that no Rating Downgrade occurs following such amalgamation, merger or 
reconstruction or (ii) for the purpose of amalgamation, merger or reconstruction on terms 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders); or 
(h) 
Analogous Event: 
any event occurs which under the laws of the Hellenic Republic has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) inclusive above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of payment 
without further action or formality. 
13.2 
Enforcement Events—Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 13.2 is applicable only in relation to Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and any references to “Notes” or “Noteholders” shall be 
construed accordingly.  
If, otherwise than for the purposes of a reconstruction or amalgamation on terms previously 
approved by Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, an order is made or an effective resolution 
is passed for the winding up, dissolution, liquidation and/or bankruptcy of the Issuer (an 
Enforcement Event), any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Fiscal Agent, declare such 
Note(s) to be due and payable whereupon the same shall become immediately due and payable at its 
Early Redemption Amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the relevant 
Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption 
unless such Enforcement Event shall have been remedied prior to receipt of such notice by the Fiscal 
Agent. No Enforcement Event shall occur other than in the context of any insolvency proceedings or

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
113 
 
 
liquidation proceedings in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not 
constitute an Enforcement Event for any purpose). 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
prescribed and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case of 
interest, five years after the Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar (and, if the 
Notes are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the appointment of an Agent in any 
particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such stock 
exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor Fiscal 
Agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents or, in relation to Registered 
Notes only, Registrar or Transfer Agents, provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and, in relation to Registered Notes only, 
a Registrar and Transfer Agents; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange which requires the 
appointment of an Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain an Agent having 
its Specified Office in the place required by such stock exchange; and 
(d) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a paying agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other 
than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(e) 
if and for so long as any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain an Agent with a Specified Office in New York. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices).

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
114 
 
 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver; Substitution and Variation 
17.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters relating 
to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification 
may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Bank, and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing signed by Noteholders holding not less 
than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any 
meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or 
representing at least half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that the Reserved Matters, described in 
the Agency Agreement, may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing at least three-quarters or, at 
any adjourned meeting, one-quarter of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes form 
a quorum. In addition, the Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less 
than 75 per cent. of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll is duly demanded by 
a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast on such poll, (ii) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of not less than 75 per cent. of all Noteholders who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders and/or (iii) a resolution passed by way of 
electronic consents given by Noteholders through the relevant Clearing System(s) by or on behalf of 
the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing 
may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more Noteholders. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed by the Noteholders 
will be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not and whether or not 
they voted on the resolution. For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 8 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders.  
17.2 
Modification 
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may 
agree to modify any provision thereof but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law or it is, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. The Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall only be capable of such modification if the Issuer 
complies with Condition 10.12 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase 
and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and the 
Subordinated Notes shall only be capable of such modification if the Issuer complies with Condition 
10.13 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of 
Subordinated Notes). 
17.3 
Substitution and Variation 
With respect to:

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
115 
 
 
(a) 
any Series of Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, if at any time a 
MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if Substitution or Variation is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(b) 
any Series of Subordinated Notes, if at any time a Regulatory Event occurs, and if 
Substitution or Variation is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
all Notes, if Substitution or Variation is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers),  
the Issuer may, subject to, in the case of Unsubordinated MREL Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes,  compliance with Condition 10.12 (Conditions to Substitution, Variation, Early Redemption, 
Purchase and Modification of Unsubordinated MREL Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, compliance with Condition 10.13 (Conditions to Substitution, 
Variation, Early Redemption, Purchase and Modification of Subordinated Notes) (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Holders of 
the Notes of that Series (or such other notice periods as may be specified in the form of Final 
Terms), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of such Notes, or vary the terms of such 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Unsubordinated Notes, Qualifying 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right 
of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 17.3, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such substitution or variation and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to substitute or vary the 
relevant Notes have occurred.  
In these Conditions: 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to Holders of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes as a class (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and they shall also (A) contain terms which will result in such 
securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Bank’s and/or the Group’s (as 
applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under applicable 
MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights and obligations as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any 
existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to accrued interest; (F) do not contain 
terms which provide for interest cancellation or deferral; and (G) in the event the Notes 
carry a rating immediately prior to such variation or substitution, are assigned (or maintain) 
the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers); and

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
116 
 
 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
Qualifying Unsubordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to Holders of the 
Unsubordinated Notes as a class (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of 
the Unsubordinated Notes, and they shall also (A) have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Unsubordinated Notes; (B) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Unsubordinated Notes; (C) have the same 
redemption rights and obligations as the Unsubordinated Notes; (D) preserve any existing 
rights under the Unsubordinated Notes to accrued interest; (E) do not contain terms which 
provide for interest cancellation or deferral; and (F) in the event the Notes carry a rating 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution, are assigned (or maintain) the same 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Unsubordinated Notes immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Unsubordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution.  
Qualifying Unsubordinated MREL Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to Holders of the 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes as a class (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the 
terms of the Unsubordinated MREL Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which will 
result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Bank’s and/or the 
Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under 
applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Unsubordinated MREL Notes; (D) 
have the same redemption rights and obligations as the Unsubordinated MREL Notes; (E) 
preserve any existing rights under the Unsubordinated MREL Notes to accrued interest; (F) 
do not contain terms which provide for interest cancellation or deferral; and (G) in the event 
the Notes carry a rating immediately prior to such variation or substitution, are assigned (or 
maintain) the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Power); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Unsubordinated MREL Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to Holders of the 
Subordinated Notes as a class (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes and they shall also (A) comply with the then-current requirements of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to Tier 2 capital, (B) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D)

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
117 
 
 
have the same redemption rights and obligations as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve 
any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to accrued interest; (F) do not contain 
terms which provide for interest cancellation or deferral; and (G) in the event the Notes 
carry a rating immediately prior to such variation or substitution, are assigned (or maintain) 
the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiviness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Statutory Loss Absorption Power); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
Notices required to be given to the Holders of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid 
if published in a leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected 
to be the Financial Times). In addition, so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of that Exchange so require, notices required to be given to Holders of 
Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the Noteholders. 
To Registered Holders 
Notices required to be given to the Registered Holders pursuant to the Conditions will be sent to 
them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their 
respective addresses on the Register. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. In 
addition, so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that 
Exchange so require, notices required to be given to Registered Holders pursuant to the Conditions 
will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to 
be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Registered Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority if required by those rules.

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
118 
 
 
20. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
20.1 
The Bank may, without the consent of any Noteholder or Couponholder (but subject, other than in 
respect of Unsubordinated Notes, to compliance with the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations 
and/or MREL Requirements), substitute for itself any other body corporate incorporated in any 
country in the world as the debtor in respect of the Notes, any Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and 
the Agency Agreement (the Substituted Debtor) upon notice by the Bank and the Substituted 
Debtor to be given in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), provided that: 
(a) 
the Bank is not in default in respect of any amount payable under the Notes; 
(b) 
the Bank and the Substituted Debtor have entered into such documents (the Substitution 
Documents) as are necessary to give effect to the substitution and in which the Substituted 
Debtor has undertaken in favour of each Noteholder to be bound by these Terms and 
Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as the debtor in respect of the Notes 
in place of the Bank (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 20.2); 
(c) 
the Substituted Debtor shall enter into a deed of covenant in favour of the Holders of the 
Notes then represented by a global Note on terms no less favourable than the Deed of 
Covenant then in force in respect of the Notes; 
(d) 
if the Substituted Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the New Bank 
Residence) other than that in which the Bank prior to such substitution was resident for tax 
purposes (the Former Bank Residence), the Substitution Documents contain an 
undertaking and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each 
Noteholder has the benefit of an undertaking in terms corresponding to the provisions of 
Condition 12 (Taxation), covering the New Bank Residence as well as the Former Bank 
Residence; 
(e) 
the Substituted Debtor and the Bank have obtained all necessary governmental approvals 
and consents for such substitution and for the performance by the Substituted Debtor of its 
obligations under the Substitution Documents; 
(f) 
such substitution shall not give rise to a right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 
10.2, 10.6 or 10.7;  
(g) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from lawyers of recognised 
standing in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Substituted Debtor and in England and the 
Hellenic Republic as to matters of law relating to the fulfilment of the requirements of this 
Condition 20.2 and that the Notes and any Coupons and/or Talons are legal, valid and 
binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor; 
(h) 
in respect of any Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme that have been assigned 
a credit rating by any rating agency, such rating agency, having been notified of the 
proposed substitution, shall not have stated within 30 days thereafter that, as a result of such 
substitution, the credit rating of the Notes would be downgraded; 
(i) 
each stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, the Notes will continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; and 
(j) 
if applicable, the Substituted Debtor has appointed a process agent in England to receive 
service of process on their behalf in relation to any legal proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and any Coupons.

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
119 
 
 
20.2 
Upon such substitution pursuant to Condition 20.1, the relevant Substituted Debtor shall succeed to, 
and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer under the Notes, any 
Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if the 
Substituted Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein and the Bank shall be released from its 
obligations under the Notes, any Coupons and/or Talons, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement. 
20.3 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 20.1, the Substituted Debtor may, without the consent of 
any Noteholder or Couponholder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in 
Conditions 20.1 and 20.3 shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Terms and 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references 
to any such further Substituted Debtor. 
20.4 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 20.1 or 20.3 any Substituted Debtor may, without the 
consent of any Noteholder or Couponholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis (but subject, 
for the avoidance of doubt, in all cases (other than in respect of Unsubordinated Notes), to 
compliance with the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations and/or MREL Requirements). 
20.5 
The Substitution Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Fiscal Agent. Copies of the 
Substitution Documents will be available free of charge during normal business hours at the 
Specified Office of each of the Paying Agents.  
21. 
Provision of Information 
The Issuer shall, during any period in which it is not subject to and in compliance with the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the Exchange Act) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the 
Exchange Act, duly provide to any Registered Holder of a Note which is a “restricted security” 
within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or to any prospective purchaser of such securities designated by such Holder, 
upon the written request of such Holder or (as the case may be) prospective Holder addressed to the 
Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Registrar, the information 
specified in Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
22. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005%, being rounded up to 0.00001%), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) 
all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to 
the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
23. 
Settlement Disruption Event and Fallback Provisions 
23.1 
If Settlement Disruption Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, all payments in 
respect of the Notes will be made in the Specified Currency subject to the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event and will in all cases be subject to any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto.

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
120 
 
 
23.2 
If the Issuer determines that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting during the 
Settlement Determination Period: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall notify the Fiscal Agent of its determination as soon as practicable after 
making such determination (but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter) and 
as soon as practicable thereafter notify the Noteholders thereof, and Noteholders will not be 
entitled to any amounts in respect of the Notes until the earlier to occur of (a) the day falling 
two Business Days after the day on which it notifies the Fiscal Agent that a Settlement 
Disruption Event no longer subsists and (b) the Postponed Interest Payment Date, the 
Postponed Maturity Date, or the Postponed Early Redemption Date, as the case may be. 
(b) 
upon the Settlement Disruption Event ceasing to subsist, the Issuer shall notify the Fiscal 
Agent thereof as soon as practicable on or after the Business Day on which the Settlement 
Disruption Event no longer subsists (but in no event later than one (1) Business Day 
thereafter) whereupon the Issuer shall as soon as practicable thereafter notify the 
Noteholders thereof. 
(c) 
if any amount is to be paid on a Postponed Interest Payment Date, Postponed Maturity Date 
or Postponed Early Redemption Date (as the case may be), payment shall instead be made in 
euro or such other currency as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and shall be 
calculated by the Issuer (and promptly notified to the Fiscal Agent (but in no event later than 
10:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days before the Postponed Interest Payment Date, 
Postponed Maturity Date or Postponed Early Redemption Date (as the case may be)) in an 
amount per Specified Denomination which shall be equal to the greater of zero and the 
amount produced by the following calculation, such amount to be rounded to the nearest 
whole cent (with 0.5 cent being rounded upwards): 
Relevant Settlement Currency Amount × Exchange Rate 
23.3 
For the avoidance of doubt, no additional amounts shall be payable by the Issuer in respect of any 
delay in payment resulting from the operation of the provisions of this Condition 23. Any 
postponement of payment in accordance with this Condition 23 will not constitute an Event of 
Default or Enforcement Event. 
24. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
24.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law 
except that Conditions 5.2 (Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 5.3 (Status — Subordinated 
Notes) and 26 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with the laws of the Hellenic Republic. 
24.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction of the Issuer 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 24.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as 
to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of 
their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly the Issuer and any 
Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts.

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
121 
 
 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 24.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute 
or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings 
in any number of jurisdictions. 
24.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the 
English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer 
agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing 
in this clause 24 shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
25. 
Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
26. 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in (i) 
the write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes 
and/or (ii) the conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes into 
ordinary shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person and/or (iii) any amendment or 
alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, 
or the date on which the interest becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period), in each case including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the 
exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Loss Absorption Power. Each Noteholder 
further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if necessary so as to 
give effect to, the exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise the Loss Absorption Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders without delay in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). Any delay or failure by the 
Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Loss Absorption Power nor 
the effects on the Notes described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes shall not constitute an Event of Default or, as applicable, Enforcement Event and the terms 
and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or 
outstanding amount payable with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of 
interest payable to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the 
terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities 
incorporated in the relevant Member State or, if appropriate, third country (not or no longer being a 
Member State).

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
 
 
 
122 
 
 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Loss Absorption Power to the Notes.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS RELATING TO U.S. SALES  
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global Note), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the Permanent Global Note), without 
interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as 
the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a Bearer Global Note) which is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form as specified in the relevant Final Terms will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Bearer Global Note which is intended to be 
issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The common safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(or any successorrules in substantially the same form that are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code)) (the TEFRA C Rules) or United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successorrules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the TEFRA D Rules) are applicable in relation 
to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not 
earlier than the date (the Exchange Date) which is the later of (i) 40 days after the Issue Date and (ii) the 
expiry of the period that ends 40 days after completion of the distribution of this Tranche of Notes as 
certified by the relevant Dealer(s) to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note on or after the Exchange 
Date unless exchange of such Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes prior to the Exchange 
Date cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the 
bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any 
subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with 
its terms against: 
(a) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes); and

--- Page 124 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
124 
 
 
(b) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, within 
seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the 
Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has 
requested the exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with 
the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth 
day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the 
rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 17 
December 2021 (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) (the Deed of Covenant) executed 
by the Bank). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global 
Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 
40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 125 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
125 
 
 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. The form of Bearer Notes “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes” should not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms if the Notes are issued with a 
minimum Specified Denomination such as €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) plus one or more 
higher integral multiples of another smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
if an Event of Default or Enforcement Event, as the case may be, has occurred and is continuing; or 
(b) 
if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(c) 
if the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the relevant Permanent Global Note in definitive form. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for 
Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may 
have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in 
a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the Holders of 
Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown 
as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Bearer Global Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for 
so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a

--- Page 126 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
126 
 
 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as the Holder of a particular nominal amount of the Notes of the Series (each an 
Accountholder) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to 
the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Bearer Global Note. The 
extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under any Bearer 
Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are 
represented by a Bearer Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due under the relevant Notes and such obligations of the Bank  will be discharged by 
payment to the bearer of the Bearer Global Note. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes, the Notes in global form (other than Temporary Global Notes), 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto where the TEFRA D Rules 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms will bear a legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon or 
Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such 
Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on 
such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by: 
(a) 
interests in an Unrestricted Global Note (in the case of Notes initially sold to non-U.S. persons in 
offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act) (Unrestricted Notes); 
and/or 
(b) 
interests in a Restricted Global Note (in the case of Notes initially sold to QIBs in reliance on Rule 
144A or another exemption from registration under the Securities Act) (Restricted Notes). 
In relation to Unrestricted Notes, prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in Unrestricted Notes may not be 
offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 4 
(Register and Transfers of Registered Notes) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and such Unrestricted Notes will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on 
transfer. 
Each Unrestricted Global Note will either (i) be registered in the name of Cede & Co. (or such other entity as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms) as nominee for DTC and be deposited on or about the relevant 
issue date with the custodian for DTC (the DTC Custodian) specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) 
be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 127 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
127 
 
 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the 
case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in 
fully registered form. 
Each Restricted Global Note will be registered in the name of Cede & Co. (or such other entity as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) as nominee for DTC and will be deposited on or about the issue date 
with the DTC Custodian as custodian for DTC. The Restricted Global Note (and any Definitive Registered 
Notes issued in exchange therefor) will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer as described below under 
“Transfer Restrictions”. 
Transfer Restrictions 
On or prior to the 40th day after the relevant issue date, Notes represented by an interest in an Unrestricted 
Global Note may be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a 
Restricted Global Note (if issued in respect of a particular Series of Notes) only upon receipt by the Registrar 
of a written certification from the transferor (in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Form of Certificate for 
Exchange or Transfer from Unrestricted Global Note to Restricted Global Note) to the Agency Agreement) 
to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a 
qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. After such 
40th day, such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers, but such transfers will 
continue to be subject to the transfer restrictions contained in the legend appearing on the face of such Global 
Note, as described below under “Exchange of Interests in Registered Global Notes for Definitive Registered 
Notes”. 
Notes represented by an interest in a Restricted Global Note may also be transferred to a person who wishes 
to hold such Notes in the form of an interest through an Unrestricted Global Note, but only upon receipt by 
the Registrar of a written certification from the transferor (i) while the Note is a restricted security, (in the 
form set out in Schedule 5 (Form of Certificate for Exchange or Transfer from Restricted Global Note to 
Unrestricted Global Note while the Note is a “Restricted Security" within the meaning of Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act) to the Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act and that such interest will be held immediately thereafter only through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) after the Note is no longer a restricted security (in the form set 
out in Schedule 6 (Form of Certificate for Exchange or Transfer from Restricted Global Note to Unrestricted 
Global Note when the Note is no longer a “Restricted Security” Within the Meaning of Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act) to the Agency Agreement) to the effect that such transfer or exchange is being made in 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act, or that the Note being exchanged or transferred is not 
a restricted security (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act). 
Transfer restrictions will terminate one year after the relevant issue date provided that any Notes purchased 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its affiliates have been cancelled in accordance with Condition 10.11 
(Cancellation) or resold solely in reliance on Regulation S. 
Any interest in either a Restricted Global Note or an Unrestricted Global Note that is transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the other Registered Global Note will, upon transfer, cease to 
be an interest in such Registered Global Note and become an interest in the other Registered Global Note 
and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to an 
interest in such other Registered Global Note.

--- Page 128 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
128 
 
 
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions as set out below. 
The Notes are being offered and sold in the United States only to qualified institutional buyers within the 
meaning of Rule 144A in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer an 
interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be 
required to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global 
Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to have 
acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in 
Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that either: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of 
one or more QIBs and it is aware, and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised, that 
any sale to it may be made in reliance on Rule 144A or (ii) it is purchasing in an offshore transaction 
in reliance on Regulation S and is not a U.S. person or purchasing for the account or benefit of a 
U.S. person; 
(b) 
that, unless it holds an interest in an Unrestricted Global Note and is a person located outside the 
United States and is not a U.S. person or purchasing for the account or benefit of a U.S. person, if in 
the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the 
Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is one year after the later of the last Issue Date for the 
Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Notes, 
only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the United States to a person whom the seller 
and any person acting on its behalf  reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or 
for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) in an offshore 
transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iv) 
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if 
available) or (v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case 
in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(c) 
it will, and will require each subsequent Holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (b) above, if then applicable; 
(d) 
that Notes initially offered to QIBs will be represented by one or more Restricted Global Notes and 
that Notes offered in an offshore transaction to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will be 
represented by one or more Unrestricted Global Note; 
(e) 
it understands that the Restricted Global Note and any Restricted Definitive Registered Note (as 
defined below) will bear a legend to the following effect, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in 
accordance with applicable law: 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AS AMENDED (THE 
SECURITIES ACT) OR ANY SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THE 
NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT THE 
NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY BE REOFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND

--- Page 129 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
129 
 
 
OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS AND ONLY (1) PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS 
BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR A PERSON 
PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WHOM 
THE HOLDER HAS INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT THE RE-OFFER, RESALE, PLEDGE 
OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (2) IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION 
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF 
AVAILABLE) OR (4) TO THE ISSUER OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR (5) 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT 
AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS NOTE IS 
TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO 
REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144A FOR RESALES OF THE NOTE. 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH NOTES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES 
AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE 
LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES 
RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE 
OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR 
SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE 
HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE AND ANY NOTES 
ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY 
NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). 
(f) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance 
of the Notes), it will do so only (i)(A) in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (B) if the Notes are part of a Series that included a 
tranche represented by Restricted Global Notes on issue, to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A 
and (ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the 
Unrestricted Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by 
the Issuer: 
“THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL 
CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE

--- Page 130 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
130 
 
 
COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF 
WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART.”; and 
(g) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is 
acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Restricted Global Note or a Restricted Definitive Registered 
Note bearing the above legend, or upon specific request for removal of the legend, the Issuer will deliver 
only Definitive Registered Notes that bear such legend (Restricted Definitive Registered Notes) or will 
refuse to remove such legend, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar such satisfactory 
evidence (which may include a legal opinion) as may reasonably be required by the Issuer that neither the 
legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions 
of the Securities Act. Such transfer restrictions will terminate one year after the relevant issue date provided 
that any Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its affiliates have been cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 10.11 (Cancellation) or resold solely in reliance on Regulation S. 
Exchange of Interests in Registered Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes 
Registration of title to Notes initially represented by the Registered Global Notes in a name other than DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any successor depositary or one of their 
respective nominees will not be permitted unless: 
(a) 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer 
that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing 
system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange 
Act and no alternative clearing system is available; 
(c) 
in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so; or   
(d) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by Definitive Registered Notes.  
In such circumstances, the Issuer shall procure the delivery of Definitive Registered Notes in exchange for 
the Unrestricted Global Note and/or the Restricted Global Note. A person having an interest in a Registered 
Global Note must provide the Registrar (through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable) with (a) such information as the Issuer and the Registrar may reasonably require to complete and 
deliver Definitive Registered Notes (including the name and address of each person in which the Definitive 
Registered Notes are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) and (b) (in the 
case of the Restricted Global Note only) a certificate given by or on behalf of the Holder of each beneficial 
interest in the Restricted Global Note stating either (i) that such Holder is not transferring its interest at the 
time of such exchange or (ii) if the notes are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) 
under the Securities Act, that the transfer or exchange of such interest has been made in compliance with the 
transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes and that the person transferring such interest reasonably believes

--- Page 131 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
131 
 
 
that the person acquiring such interest is a qualified institutional buyer and is obtaining such beneficial 
interest in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A.  
Definitive Registered Notes issued in exchange for interests in the Restricted Global Note will bear the 
legends and be subject to the transfer restrictions set out above under “Transfer Restrictions”. Such transfer 
restrictions will terminate one year after the relevant issue date, provided that any Notes purchased by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of their respective affiliates have been cancelled in accordance with Condition 
10.11 (Cancellation) or resold solely in reliance on Regulation S. 
Whenever a Registered Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Registered Notes, such Definitive 
Registered Notes will be issued within five business days of the delivery to the Registrar of the information 
and any required certification described in the preceding paragraph against the surrender of the relevant 
Registered Global Note at the Specified Office of the Registrar. Such exchange shall be effected in 
accordance with the regulations concerning the transfer and registration from time to time relating to the 
Notes and shall be effected without charge, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange.  
If (a) Definitive Registered Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 30th day after 
the due date for their delivery in exchange for interests in a Registered Global Note or (b) any of the Notes 
represented by a Registered Global Note has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to 
the registered Holder of such Registered Global Note in accordance with its terms on the due date for 
payment, then such Registered Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Registered Notes) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 30th day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the registered Holder will have no further 
rights under such Registered Global Note (but without prejudice to the rights which the Holder of the Notes 
represented by such Registered Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 17 
December 2021 (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) (the Deed of Covenant) executed 
by the Issuer). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, as being entitled to an interest in the Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before such Registered Global Note became void, they had been the registered Holders of Notes 
represented by Definitive Registered Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable. 
Neither the Registrar nor the Transfer Agent will register the transfer of or exchange of interests in a 
Registered Global Note for Definitive Registered Notes for a period of 15 days ending on the due date for 
any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, or register the transfer or exchange of any Notes 
previously called for redemption. 
Book-Entry System 
DTC 
The Issuer will make an application to DTC for acceptance in its book-entry settlement system of each 
relevant Tranche of Unrestricted Notes and each Tranche of Restricted Notes. Restricted and Unrestricted 
Notes accepted in the book-entry settlement system of DTC will have a CUSIP number. 
The DTC Custodian and DTC will record electronically the principal amount of the Notes represented by an 
Unrestricted Global Note and a Restricted Global Note held within the DTC system. Up to and including the 
40th day after the later of the commencement of the offering and the relevant issue date, investors may hold

--- Page 132 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
132 
 
 
their interests in an Unrestricted Global Note held within the DTC system only through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. Thereafter, investors may additionally hold such interests directly through DTC, 
if they are participants in DTC. Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will hold interests in the 
Unrestricted Global Note on behalf of their account holders through customers' securities accounts in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg's or Euroclear's respective names on the books of their respective depositaries, 
which in turn will hold such interests in the Unrestricted Global Note in customers' securities accounts in the 
depositaries' names on the books of DTC. Investors may hold their interests in the Restricted Global Note 
directly through DTC, if they are participants in DTC, or indirectly through organisations which are 
participants in DTC. 
Payments of the principal of, interest on and any other amounts payable under each Registered Global Note 
registered in the name of DTC's nominee will be made to, or to the order of, its nominee as the registered 
Holder of such Registered Global Note. The Issuer expects that the nominee, upon receipt of any such 
payment, will immediately credit DTC participants' accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to 
their respective interests in the principal amount of the relevant Registered Global Note as shown on the 
records of DTC or the nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments by DTC participants to owners of 
interests in such Registered Global Note held through such DTC participants will be governed by standing 
instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers 
registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the responsibility of such 
DTC participants. None of the Issuer, the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent, any Transfer Agent or any Paying 
Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on 
account of ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such ownership interests. 
While a Registered Global Note is lodged with DTC or its custodian, Notes represented by Definitive 
Registered Notes will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Transfers of Interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons receive individual certificates in 
respect of their holdings of Notes. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Registered Global Note 
to such persons will be limited. Because DTC only acts on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of 
indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Registered Global Note to pledge such 
interest to persons or entities which do not participate in the relevant clearing system, or otherwise take

--- Page 133 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
133 
 
 
actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of an Definitive Registered Note representing 
such interest. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes described above and under 
“Subscription and Sale”, cross-market transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear account holders, on the other, will be effected in DTC in accordance 
with DTC rules and procedures and on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg or (as the case may be) Euroclear 
by its respective depositary. However, such cross-market transactions will require delivery of instructions to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (as the case may be) Euroclear by the counterparty in such system in 
accordance with its rules and procedures and within its established deadlines. Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
(as the case may be) Euroclear will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions 
to its respective depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving 
beneficial interests in the relevant Registered Global Note in DTC, and making or receiving payment in 
accordance with normal procedures for same-day funds settlement applicable to DTC. Clearstream, 
Luxembourg account holders and Euroclear account holders may not deliver instructions directly to the 
depositaries for Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear. 
Because of time zone differences, credits of Notes received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as a 
result of a transaction with a DTC participant, will be made during the securities settlement processing day 
dated the business day following the DTC settlement date and such credits of any transactions in such 
securities settled during such processing will be reported to the relevant Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear account holder on such business day. Cash received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as a 
result of sales of Notes by or through a Clearstream, Luxembourg account holder or a Euroclear account 
holder to a DTC participant will be received with value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in 
the relevant Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear cash account only as of the business day following 
settlement in DTC. Settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg account holders and DTC 
participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The arrangements for transfer of payments 
must be established separately from the arrangements for transfer of Notes, the latter being effected on a free 
delivery basis. The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment between Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg account holders or between DTC participants are not affected. 
For a further description of restrictions on the transfer of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a Holder of Notes (including, 
without limitation, the presentation of Registered Global Notes for exchange as described above) only at the 
direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC interests in Registered Global Notes are 
credited, and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of the Registered Global 
Notes as to which such participant or participants has or have given such direction. 
However, in certain circumstances, DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable will 
exchange the Registered Global Notes for Definitive Registered Notes (which will, in the case of Restricted 
Notes, bear the legend set out above under “Transfer Restrictions”). 
Although DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to 
facilitate transfers of interests in the Registered Global Notes among participants and account holders of 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the 
Registrar, the Fiscal Agent, any Transfer Agent and any Paying Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or account holders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
respective operations.

--- Page 134 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
134 
 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under  “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” above and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
Conditions applicable to Bearer Global Notes and Registered Global Notes 
Each Bearer Global Note and Registered Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Bearer Global Note and the Registered Global Note. The 
following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Bearer Global Notes 
Payments. All payments in respect of the Bearer Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the 
case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Bearer Global Note to 
or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in 
respect of the Bearer Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a 
schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro-rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of Investor put option. In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10.5 (Redemption at 
the option of the Noteholders), the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice 
of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option 
is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of Issuer call option. In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent 
Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices. Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is 
(or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on 
the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it 
is a requirement of applicable law or regulation, such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and for so long as any Notes are listed on any 
other stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places 
required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to relevant Accountholders on 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 135 ---
Forms of the Notes and Transfer Restrictions Relating to U.S. Sales 
 
 
 
135 
 
 
Registered Global Notes 
Partial exercise of Issuer call option. In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Registered 
Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes but in accordance with the rules and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
Exercise of Investor put option. In order to exercise the option described in Condition 10.5 (Redemption at 
the option of the Noteholders), the Holder of a Registered Global Note must, within the period specified in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the deposit of the relevant Note Certificate and put notice, give 
written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of 
which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes. So long as the Notes are represented by a Registered Global Note, 
any reference in Condition 11.2 (Payments under Registered Notes) to Registered Holder, shall be to the 
Registered Holder as at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which DTC, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and banks located in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located are open for business) before the relevant due date. 
Notice. Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), so long as a Registered Global Note is held on behalf of 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system (an Alternative Clearing 
System), notices to Holders of Notes represented by such Registered Global Note may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable or (as the case may be) 
such Alternative Clearing System, provided, however, that, so long as the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require, notices will also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are 
listed on any other stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of 
that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place 
or places required by those rules.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 137 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
137 
 
 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital 
markets products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products.]3 
[Date] 
NATIONAL BANK OF GREECE S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5UMCZOEYKCVFAW8ZLO05 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
Under the €5,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
PART A—CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus dated [   ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of a combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained from the registered offices of the 
Issuer and the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
                                                     
3 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 138 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
138 
 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
must be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
 
 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date of earlier 
Tranches] on [[insert date]/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 26 below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
[(a)] 
Series: 
[   ] 
[(b) 
Tranche: 
[   ]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[   ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note—where multiple denominations above [€100,000] 
or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 139 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
139 
 
 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Trade Date4: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
(N.B. In the case of Subordinated Notes, this must be at 
least five years from the Issue Date) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ]% Fixed Rate] 
 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
 
[[  ] month [EURIBOR] +/– [ ]% Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [  ]% of their nominal amount. 
(N.B. In respect of Notes for which a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the redemption amount will be 100 per cent. 
of the nominal amount of the Notes) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 and 17 below and 
identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
                                                     
4 The ‘Trade Date’ constitutes the date of completion of the book-building and pricing of the Notes.

--- Page 140 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
140 
 
 
 
[Regulatory Call]  
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
[Put Option] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Unsubordinated Notes) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Unsubordinated 
Notes/Unsubordinated 
MREL 
Notes/Senior Non-Preferred Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[   ] [and [   ], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. 
Only 
relevant 
where 
Board 
(or 
similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
(c) 
Extended Gross-Up: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14. 
Exchange Rate: 
[[   ]/[Not Applicable]] 
15. 
Settlement Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest

--- Page 141 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
141 
 
 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ] [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
17. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[ 
 
 ]% 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[    ] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[    ] [and [   ]] 
(j) 
Reset Determination Date:  
[    ]/[as specified in the Conditions] 
(k) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Interest Rate 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Fiscal Agent):  
[   ]

--- Page 142 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
142 
 
 
(l) 
Reset Rate: 
 
[Mid-Swap Rate][Reference Bond Rate] 
[(if Mid-Swap Rate is selected, include the following 
items of this subparagraph, if not delete) 
(i) 
Reset Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[    ] 
(i) 
Floating Leg Reference 
Rate: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Floating 
Leg Screen 
Page: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[    ]% per annum (quoted on a[n annual/semi-annual 
basis])] 
 
[(if Reference Bond Rate is selected, include the 
following items of this subparagraph, if not delete) 
(iv) 
Reset Reference Bond: 
[Insert 
applicable 
Reset 
Reference 
Bond]] 
 
(v) 
Reset 
Determination 
Time: 
[    ]/[as specified in the Conditions] 
(m) 
Reset Margin: 
 [+/-][   ]% per annum 
18. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s): 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if 
the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention. 
Otherwise, insert "Not Applicable") 
(b) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment Dates 
are alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN 
Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert "Not Applicable") 
(c) 
First Interest Payment Date:  
[   ] 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day

--- Page 143 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
143 
 
 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(g) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[   ] 
(i) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [     ] month [EURIBOR] 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):  
[   ] 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[   ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(h) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (h)) 
[(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected 
below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark Event”, 
“Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes context. 
Amendments will therefore need to be made to the 
Conditions which will require a PR drawdown 
prospectus for the issue)] 
ISDA Definitions: 
Floating Rate Option:  
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[   ]

--- Page 144 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
144 
 
 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
Designated Maturity: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
Reset Date: 
[   ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the interest period) 
(i) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–][   ]% per annum 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[   ]% per annum/[Not Applicable]] 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[   ]% per annum/[Not Applicable]] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ]% per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[   ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Notice periods for Condition 10.2 
Minimum period: [     ] days

--- Page 145 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
145 
 
 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ]  
(N.B. In the case of Subordinated Notes, this must be at 
least five years from the Issue Date) 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Bond: 
(ii) 
Reference Bond 
Quotation Time: 
(iii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole Amount] 
[(if Make-whole Amount is selected, include the following 
items of this subparagraph) 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
[   ]  
 
[[   ]%][Not Applicable]]  
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
22. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 146 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
146 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on redemption for 
regulatory reasons (in the case 
of Subordinated Notes only and 
subject to the prior approval of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and 
regulations, 
including 
Articles 77 and 78 of the CRD 
IV Regulation) as contemplated 
by Condition 10.6  (Redemption 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
for 
regulatory reasons) and/or the 
method of calculating the same 
(if required):  
[[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
23. 
Issuer 
Call 
due 
to 
MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Unsubordinated MREL 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days

--- Page 147 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
147 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
24. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Unsubordinated Notes) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[   ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system business 
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons, for 
regulatory reasons or on event of 
default: 
[Not Applicable if the Early Redemption Amount is the 
principal amount of Notes/specify the Early Redemption 
Amount if different from the principal amount of the 
Notes] 
 
(N.B. If the final Redemption Amount is 100% of the 
nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount is 
likely to be par (but consider). If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100% of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the Early 
Redemption Amount should be).

--- Page 148 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
148 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [   ] days' notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]] 
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be represented 
on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes should not be expressed to be applicable 
if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 
6 above includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].”.) 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Unrestricted Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
[Restricted Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC]] 
28. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
29. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item relates to 
the date and place of payment, and not the end dates of 
Interest Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which item 17(e) relates] 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No] 
31. 
Relevant Benchmarks: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof,

--- Page 149 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
149 
 
 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as 
at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation]/[Not 
Applicable] 
32. 
Substitution or Variation of Notes: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] / [Applicable [only] [in 
relation to MREL Disqualification Event] [and] [in 
relation to Regulatory Event][and]/[in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 
(Statutory Loss Absorption Powers)]] 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[  ] 
 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
 SIGNED on behalf of National Bank of Greece S.A. 
By: ___________________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 150 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
150 
 
 
PART B—OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from [   ].] 
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[   ].][Not Applicable] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading) 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:  
[   ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings:  
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]/[have not been]] rated: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes which have been specifically 
rated.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]

--- Page 151 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
151 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer  and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will 
be used to [meet part of the Group’s general 
financing requirements][finance or refinance [Green 
Projects][and/or][Social Projects] (as defined in “Use 
of Proceeds” within the “General Information” 
section of the Base Prospectus)].] /Give details] 
[Provide details of Green Projects and/or Social 
Projects, as applicable.] 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[   ] 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
 
 
         [[   ]/[Not Applicable]] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN:  
[   ]  
Common Code:  
[   ] 
[CUSIP: 
[   ]] 
CFI: 
[[         ]/Not Applicable] 
FISN 
[         ]/Not Applicable]  
 (If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
Any clearing system(s) other than DTC, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant identification 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 152 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
152 
 
 
number(s): 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[   ]  
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[   ] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[        ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant [Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 153 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
 
 
153 
 
 
Dealer: 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] [Rule 144A] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 154 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
154 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP  
Introduction  
National Bank of Greece S.A. (the Bank) is one of the four systemic banks in Greece and one of the largest 
financial institutions in Greece by market capitalisation, holding a significant position in Greece’s retail 
banking sector, with, as at 30 September 2021, 340 branches and one private banking unit and 1,482 
Automated Teller Machines (ATMs). The Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Group) provide a 
wide range of financial services, including retail (such as mortgage lending and consumer lending), corporate 
and investment banking services, NPE management (Troubled Asset Units), global transaction services, 
leasing, factoring, brokerage, real estate and asset management, through the Group’s network of branches 
and subsidiaries in Greece and abroad. The Group’s principal sources of income historically have been 
interest earned on customer loans and debt securities and income from fees and commissions. The Group 
funds its lending activities and its securities portfolio principally through (i) customer deposits in its branch 
network, (ii) funding from the Eurosystem through the TLTROs with the ECB and (iii) repurchase 
agreements (repos) with major foreign financial institutions.  
History and Development of the Group 
The Bank was founded in 1841 and incorporated as a société anonyme pursuant to Greek law as published in 
the Greek Government Gazette No. 6 on 30 March 1841 (registered number G.E.MI 237901000). The 
Bank’s current corporate form will expire on 27 February 2053, but may be further extended by a 
shareholder resolution passed at a General Meeting (as defined below). The Bank is domiciled in Greece. 
The Bank’s headquarters and its registered office are located at 86 Eolou Street, 10559 Athens, Greece. The 
telephone number of the Bank is 181818 or +30 210 48 48 484 from abroad. 
The Bank has operated a commercial banking business for 180 years. Until the establishment of the Bank of 
Greece as the central bank of Greece in 1928, the Bank, in addition to commercial banking activities, was 
responsible for issuing currency in Greece. 
Development of the Group 
Since 2014, principally in connection with regulatory capital shortfalls identified by comprehensive 
assessments performed by the Single Supervision Mechanism (SSM), the Group has developed capital plans, 
and raised capital through recapitalisation, restructurings or offerings to address such shortfalls. On 3 
November 2015, the Board of Directors of the Bank approved the Capital Plan (as defined below, see “The 
Capital Plan”), which included the disposal of the Group’s entire stake in its Turkish subsidiary, 
Finansbank A.S. (Finansbank) together with its stake in Finans Leasing, thereby disposing of all of its 
operations in Turkey. This transaction was completed on 15 June 2016, on which date control of Finansbank 
passed to Qatar National Bank S.A.Q. (QNB). The detail of various plans or actions undertaken by the Bank 
since 2014 are described below. 
2014 Comprehensive Assessment 
Since 1 November 2014, all systemic Eurozone banks, including the Bank, have been under the direct 
supervision of the ECB (the SSM). Before the ECB assumed its supervisory responsibilities, the Bank, as 
with all systemic European banks, was subject to an EU-wide comprehensive assessment including an Asset 
Quality Review (AQR) and Stress Test (Stress Test).

--- Page 155 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
155 
 
 
Comprehensive Assessment 
In accordance with the Euro Summit Statement of 12 July 2015 and the ECB decision of 5 August 2015, the 
ECB conducted a comprehensive assessment of the four systemic Greek banks, including the Bank, the 
results of which were announced on 31 October 2015 (the 2015 Comprehensive Assessment). 
Under the baseline scenario (including AQR adjustments), the Stress Test generated an additional negative 
impact on the Bank’s regulatory capital, resulting in a stressed CET1 ratio of 6.8% relative to the minimum 
CET1 ratio threshold set by the ECB at 9.5% for the baseline scenario, implying a capital shortfall of 
€1,576 million (reduced to €1,456 million (the Baseline Scenario Shortfall) taking into account the positive 
impact stemming from the 2015 third quarter results). Under the adverse scenario, the Stress Test (including 
AQR adjustments) identified a capital shortfall of €4,482 million (the Adverse Scenario Shortfall). 
The Capital Plan 
To address these capital shortfalls, the Bank undertook a number of capital actions to raise its CET1 capital. 
These capital actions were set out in a capital action plan (the Capital Plan). The following actions were 
completed in December 2015 (see “2015 Recapitalisation” below): 
• 
the Liability Management Offers (LME Offers) to eligible holders of seven series of outstanding 
debt and capital securities (Target Securities); 
• 
the International Offering (as defined below) and; 
• 
the Greek Public Offer (as defined below). 
Additionally, the Capital Plan included the sale to QNB of the Group’s 99.81% stake in Finansbank A.S., 
together with the Bank’s 29.87% direct stake in Finans Leasing (although the sale was not required to be and 
the Bank did not expect it to be completed by 11 December 2015 (the date by which the LME Offers, the 
International Offering and the Greek Public Offer were required to be completed).  
2015 Recapitalisation 
The 2015 recapitalisation (comprising the Capital Plan actions, the HFSF Subscription (as defined below) 
and the Burden Sharing Measures (as defined below)), enabled the Bank to raise the capital required to 
satisfy the Adverse Scenario Shortfall of €4,482 million through the issuance of an aggregate of 
8,911,608,218 new ordinary shares of the Bank and the issuance of 20,292 CoCos (the 2015 
Recapitalisation).  
Burden Sharing Measures 
As described above, the Capital Plan actions in the aggregate did not fully address the Adverse Scenario 
Shortfall, and therefore the Bank made a formal application for EU State aid on 3 December 2015. This EU 
State aid consisted of the subscription by the HFSF of CoCos (in a principal amount equal to 75% of the 
amount of EU State aid provided) and newly issued ordinary shares of the Bank (in respect of the remaining 
25%) (the HFSF Subscription). Consistent with EU State aid rules, EU State aid was provided by the HFSF 
after the application of the Burden Sharing Measures (as described below).

--- Page 156 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
156 
 
 
Since EU State aid was requested by the Bank following the completion of the above-mentioned measures as 
part of the Capital Plan, prior to the receipt of such EU State aid, the HFSF Bail-in Tool was required to be 
applied to convert into ordinary shares outstanding classes of the Bank’s hybrid capital instruments, all 
subordinated liabilities and certain senior unsecured liabilities which were not mandatorily preferred by law 
(together, the Burden Sharing Measures). These Burden Sharing Measures were applied to the securities 
issued by the Bank not subject to the LME Offers, and the Target Securities that were not purchased by the 
Bank pursuant to the terms of the LME Offers. 
2019 Revised Restructuring Plan 
The Group is subject to European Commission rules on EU State aid in light of the aid received from the 
HFSF and the Hellenic Republic. These rules are administered by the Directorate General for the 
Competition of the European Commission (the DG Competition). Under these rules, the Bank’s operations 
are monitored and limited to the operations included in the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan, which aims to 
ensure the Bank’s return to long-term viability.   
The 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan was approved on 10 May 2019, by the European Commission.  
The 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan includes a number of commitments to implement certain measures and 
actions that have to be completed during the period 2019-2020 (the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan 
Commitments). The 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments relate both to domestic and foreign 
operations of the Group. Differentiations to the 2015 Restructuring Plan which expired on 31 December 
2018 relate to the deepening of the Bank’s operational restructuring, some amendments on the commitments 
and deadlines, as well as a commitment to sell the remaining stake (32.66%) in NBG Pangaea REIC 
(currently Prodea Investments S.A. (Prodea)) in substitution for the commitment to dispose of its banking 
subsidiary in the SEE, Stopanska Banka A.D. – Skopje.  
For domestic operations, the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments relate to constraining operating 
expenses, including the number of personnel and branches. In particular, the Commitments include the 
following: 
(a) 
a further reduction of the number of branches in Greece to 420 (by the end of 2019) and 390 (by the 
end of 2020). As at 31 December 2020, the Bank had reduced its branches to 365; 
(b) 
a further reduction of the number of employees in Greece to 8,600 as at 31 December 2019 and 
8,000 as at 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2020, the Bank had reduced the number of 
employees at domestic level to 7,7625 (excluding NIC); and 
(c) 
a further reduction of total operating costs in Greece to €845 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019 and €800 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. For the year ended 
31 December 2020, the operating expenses amounted to €7681 million. 
The aforementioned Commitments have been fulfilled. 
Divestment of domestic non-banking activities: Ιn May 2019, the Bank had completed the sale of its 
remaining stake in Prodea and had to dispose of at least 80% of Ethniki Insurance Company S.A. (Ethniki 
Insurance or NIC). See below “Sale of a majority equity holding in Ethniki Hellenic General Insurance 
                                                     
5 Excluding Ethniki Hellenic General Insurance S.A.

--- Page 157 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
157 
 
 
S.A.” for a description of the status of this Commitment. On 21 April 2021, the Extraordinary General 
Meeting approved the sale to CVC of 90% of Ethniki Insurance. The sale is subject to approval by antitrust 
and regulatory authorities. 
Divestment from international operations: The Bank reduced its international activities, by disposing of 
certain subsidiaries in the period from 2016 to 2019. The only incomplete divestment from international 
operations relates to the subsidiary NBG Cyprus Ltd. As for the branch network in Egypt, in May 2021, an 
official approval was received from the Central Bank of Egypt to downsize and ultimately cease the Bank’s 
operations in Egypt (see below “Divestments-Planned disposals of subsidiaries under 2019 Revised 
Restructuring Plan commitments”).  
Lastly, the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan provides for prolongation of the 2015 Restructuring Plan’s 
Commitments on corporate governance, commercial practices and risk monitoring, acquisitions and 
advertising.   
The implementation of the 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan Commitments is monitored by the Monitoring 
Trustee. 
Divestments of subsidiaries 
Planned disposals of subsidiaries under 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan commitments 
Sale of a majority equity holding in Ethniki Hellenic General Insurance S.A.  
On 24 March 2021, the Bank’s Board of Directors approved the sale of the 90.01% out of 100.00% stake in 
NIC and authorised the Bank’s Management to proceed with the signing of the Share Sale and Purchase 
Agreement (SPA) with CVC Capital Partners (CVC) on 26 March 2021.  
The equivalent nominal consideration corresponding to 100.00% of NIC would be €505 million, including 
an “earn-out” payment of up to €120 million, which will be subject to meeting agreed upon performance 
targets for the bancassurance channel of NBG by 2026. The transaction includes a 15-year bancassurance 
partnership. NIC has been classified as held for sale and discontinued operations. 
Furthermore, on 21 April 2021, the extraordinary General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders approved the 
aforementioned transaction. 
Closing of the transaction is expected in the second quarter of 2022 as it is subject to customary ongoing 
regulatory approvals, including from antitrust and regulatory authorities. 
National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd 
On 26 November 2019, the Bank signed a definitive agreement with AstroBank Limited for the sale of its 
100.00% stake in National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd (NBG Cyprus). However, on 26 November 2020, 
which was the last date (Longstop Date) for AstroBank Limited to fulfil certain condition precedents 
specified in the SPA entered into between NBG and AstroBank Limited, the Bank took note that such 
condition precedents were not fulfilled and henceforth decided to terminate the SPA on 27 November 2020.

--- Page 158 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
158 
 
 
The Bank remains committed to implementing all options of compliance with its Commitments under its 
2019 Revised Restructuring Plan (see above “2019 Revised Restructuring Plan”). NBG Cyprus has been 
classified as held for sale and discontinued operations. 
National Bank of Greece – Egyptian Branch Network 
As of 31 December 2018, the Branch Network in Egypt (NBG Egypt) had been classified as held for sale 
and discontinued operations.  
On 2 May 2019, the Bank signed a definitive agreement to sell certain assets and liabilities of NBG Egypt to 
Bank Audi S.A.E. (Bank Audi Egypt). Closing of the Egypt transaction was subject to the approval of the 
Central Bank of Egypt (CBE), as the Central Bank of Lebanon approved the transaction in June 2019. Given 
that the CBE approval was still pending six months after the signing of the definitive agreement, Bank Audi 
SAE issued an agreement termination notice in November 2019. 
On 11 May 2020, Bank Audi Egypt informed the Bank that it will not continue to pursue the potential 
acquisition of NBG’s operations in Egypt. As a result, the financial statements of the Bank and the Group 
were amended retrospectively, as if NBG Egypt never qualified as held for sale and discontinued operations. 
Furthermore, in May 2021, an official approval was received from the Central Bank of Egypt for it to 
downsize and ultimately cease its operations in Egypt. 
The divestment of NBG Egypt is an obligation of the Bank under its 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan (see 
above “2019 Revised Restructuring Plan”). 
Other divestments 
Planned divestment of CAC Coral Ltd 
On 16 October 2020, the Bank announced that it has entered into a definite agreement with Bain Capital for 
the disposal of its 100% stake in a Cypriot Credit Acquiring Company, CAC Coral Ltd (Project Marina), 
which contains a portfolio of non-performing corporate, SME and consumer and mortgage loans with a total 
Gross Book Value of approximately €325 million (€200 million of allocated collateral value). The portfolio 
consists predominantly of legacy non-performing loans. The transaction is being implemented in the context 
of NBG's NPE deleveraging strategy and in accordance with the Operational Targets submitted to the SSM. 
The transaction is currently expected to be concluded in early 2022 after approval is received from the 
competent regulatory authorities. 
CAC Coral Ltd has been classified as held for sale and discontinued operations. 
2018 EU-wide Stress Test 
For information relating to the 2018 EU-wide stress test, including the results for the Bank, see “Regulation 
and Supervision of Banks in Greece - EU-wide stress test 2020”. 
2020 EU-wide Stress Test  
On 31 January 2020, the European Banking Authority (EBA) announced the launch of the 2020 EU-wide 
stress test, to be conducted on a sample of 51 EU banks. Similar to the 2018 exercise, it was intended to be a 
bottom-up exercise with constraints, including a static balance sheet assumption. The aim of the EU-wide

--- Page 159 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
159 
 
 
stress test was to assess the resilience of EU banks to a common set of adverse economic developments in 
order to identify potential risks, inform supervisory decisions and increase market discipline.  
However, in the light of the operational pressure on banks due to COVID-19, on 12 March 2020 the EBA 
announced its decision to postpone the EU-wide stress test exercise to 2021, in order to allow banks to focus 
on and ensure the continuity of their core operations. 
See “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece - EU-wide stress test 2020”. 
2021 EU-wide Stress Test 
On 29 January 2021, the EBA launched the 2021 EU-wide stress test exercise following the postponement of 
the 2020 EU-wide stress test exercise, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The exercise was led by the ECB, 
under the common methodological rules defined by the EBA and the macroeconomic and market scenario 
assumptions published on the same date.  
The ECB published on 30 July 2021 the results of the 2021 stress test, which showed that the euro area 
banking system is resilient to adverse economic developments. The stress test is not a pass or fail exercise 
and no threshold is set to define the failure or success of banks for the purpose of the exercise. Instead, the 
findings of the stress test will be part of the ongoing supervisory dialogue. 
The stress test exercise was based on a static balance sheet approach, thus factoring in the Group’s financial 
and capital position as at 31 December 2020 as a starting point, conducting a three-year horizon stress 
simulation (2021-2023), under a baseline and an adverse scenario.  
Under the baseline scenario the Fully Loaded (FL) CET1 ratio, reached to 15.5% in 2023 from 12.8% in 
2020 (starting point), while, under the adverse scenario, the FL CET1 ratio, reached to 6.4% in 2023. 
Given the static balance sheet methodology, the 2021 SSM stress test does not incorporate capital accretive 
results post 31 December 2020. 
See “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece - EU-wide stress test 2021”. 
COVID-19 outbreak 
Risks and responses related to the COVID-19 crisis 
In the first quarter of 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a 
pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused a significant global economic downturn which has 
adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, the Group’s business and results of 
operations. The future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Greek and/or global economy and the 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition remain uncertain. See “The Group is subject 
to risks related to the future evolution of and response to the COVID-19 pandemic that may materially and 
adversely affect its business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition.”  
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, authorities implemented numerous measures attempting to contain the 
spread and impact of COVID-19, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, 
and limitations on business activity, including closures. These measures severely restricted economic 
activity, businesses, market participants, the Bank’s counterparties and customers as well as the Greek and/or 
global economy for a prolonged period of time. These restrictions took place in March 2020, with the

--- Page 160 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
160 
 
 
restrictions slowly being eased in May 2020. However, deteriorating epidemic trends in October-November 
2020 led to a reintroduction of protective restrictions on economic and social activities at a national level, 
starting on 7 November 2020 up to early May 2021. This poses significant downside risks to Gross Domestic 
Product (GDP) growth in 2021 and could amplify the recessionary hit on households and businesses. These 
risks are partly offset by a set of measures provided in 2020 and continued in 2021. Please refer to section 
“Response to COVID-19 crisis - Customers support measures in response to COVID-19 crisis” and 
“Response to COVID-19 crisis - Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and European authorities” of the 
Board of Directors Report in the Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(incorporated by reference herein) and to the additional measures announced after the approval of the 31 
December 2020 Annual Financial Statements on 24 March 2021, as described below (“Customers support 
measures in response to COVID-19 crisis in 2021” and “Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and 
European authorities in 2021”). 
The Group also evaluated its assets, including intangibles and equity investments, for potential impairment 
and assessed fair values of financial instruments that are carried at fair value. Based upon the Bank’s 
assessment as of 30 September 2021, no significant impairments have been recorded for the Group and there 
have been no significant changes in fair values and in fair value hierarchy classifications.   
Customers support measures in response to COVID-19 crisis in 2021 
COVID-19 moratoria 
Extension of moratoria, offered to NBG’s customers within the context of the EBA’s guidelines, 
governmental and sector initiatives, for capital or instalment payments for:  
• 
performing Small Businesses; 
• 
businesses with performing exposures as at 30 September 2020 and not included, so far, in moratoria for 
capital or instalment payments that have been proven to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, were 
eligible to apply for their inclusion in a relevant programme by 31 March 2021 and for a maximum 
duration of up to nine months from the date of inclusion in the moratoria; and 
• 
businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and have already been included in moratoria for capital 
or instalment payments, were eligible to apply by 31 March 2021 for an extension of their instalment 
suspension programme, provided that their total participation in the programme does not exceed the 
period of nine months. 
COVID-19 support schemes 
• 
Interest subsidy programme ΙΙ offered by the Ministry of Development for the period 1 January 2021 
to 31 March 2021, applicable to SMEs: (i) holding a loan or revolving credit line prior to 1 January 
2021 and being less than 90 days in arrears by 30 September 2020 or by the day of the application to the 
programme; and (ii) with a turnover decline of more than 20% in 2020 compared to 2019. 
• 
“Gefyra II” programme, initiated in April 2021, aims to support small and medium-sized enterprises 
that have been proven to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, i.e., suffered a 20% reduction in 
turnover in 2020 compared to 2019. It also provides a State subsidy of up to 90% of the loan instalments 
for business loans, for a period of eight months. 
• 
State guarantee working capital programme with the participation of Hellenic Development Bank 
S.A. (HDB), exclusively for very small businesses with a turnover of up to €200,000: 80% of the loan is 
guaranteed by HDB, with a total duration of up to five years, and the amount can reach the lesser of the 
following, €50,000 or 25% of 2019 turnover.

--- Page 161 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
161 
 
 
Starting from 15 October 2021, the perimeter of the programme was expanded to include small 
businesses with turnover of up to €1 million while the amount currently can reach the lesser of the 
following: €250,000 or 25% of 2019 turnover (other terms remain the same). 
• 
Loan guarantee programme – EaSI COVID-19 for very small businesses with the participation of the 
European Investment Fund (EIF) of up to €50,000 with 68.8% of the loan being guaranteed by the EIF. 
• 
Loan guarantee Programme – COSME COVID-19 with the participation of the EIF for up to 
€150,000: 80% is guaranteed by EIF, up to 10 years' total duration. 
• 
Co-financing working capital loans with interest rate subsidy with the HDB for working capital 
financing of up to €50,000 to small and very small businesses, operating in the Western Macedonia 
region (Development Fund of Western Macedonia or TADYM). 
• 
State guarantee working capital programme with the participation of HDB through the "Guarantee 
Fund HDB – Engineers and Public Works Contractors Fund (EPWCF), applicable to SMEs: 80% of the 
loan is guaranteed by HDB, with a total duration of up to five years, and the amount can reach the lesser 
of the following, €200,000 or 25% of 2019 turnover or two times the total annual payroll of 2019. 
• 
Extension of 30 days according to emergency legislation for cheques. The said measure addressed 
cheques of qualifying entities maturing from 1 April 2021 to 30 April 2021. 
These measures form part of NBG’s actions in line with the respective initiative by Greek banks, emergency 
legislation and relevant Ministerial Decisions of the Greek government aiming at addressing the impact of 
the crisis. 
Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and European authorities in 2021 
In response to the economic and market conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic as continued in 
2021, the Greek government and European authorities have further provided, among others, the following 
measures: 
Greek authorities 
Financial state aid measures 
The measures for the qualifying businesses include: 
• 
The granting of a new State loan (Repayable Advance) which is conditional upon turnover loss from 
March until August 2020, where the total amount that was granted for the first three phases amounted to 
€3.5 billion. Phase 4 took place during November and December 2020 and amounted to €2.2 billion. 
Phases 5 and 6 took place during the first quarter of 2021 and amounted to approximately €0.8 billion. 
Phase 7 took place during May 2021 and amounted to €0.2 billion. 
Tax measures 
The additional measures for the qualifying businesses and the individuals that were affected by the 
COVID-19 crisis include: 
• 
Extension of tax obligation payments until 31 December 2021.  
• 
Extension of Value Added Tax (VAT) payments due from November 2020 until 30 April 2021.  
• 
Reduction of the VAT on certain goods and services from a rate of 24% to a rate of 13% for the period 
from 1 June 2020 to 30 April 2021 and reduction of the VAT to 6%, from 24%, for sanitary products 
(masks, gloves, etc.) until 31 December 2021.  
• 
Relief from import duties and VAT exemption on importation granted for goods needed to combat the 
effects of COVID-19 until 31 December 2021 for legal persons or individuals, provided, however, that

--- Page 162 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
162 
 
 
such items shall be made available free of charge to beneficiaries specified in such decision. 
• 
Extension of payment of tax and Social Security Contributions (SSC) due in April 2021 for qualifying 
businesses. 
• 
Subsidy of fixed costs incurred from 1 April 2020 to 31 December 2020 for qualifying businesses, 
which can be used to repay tax or SSC obligations for 2021 due from 1 July to 31 December 2021. 
• 
Extension of tax obligation payments settlement instalments due on 31 May 2021, 30 June 2021 and 
31 July 2021, for qualifying businesses and qualifying employees. 
• 
Extension of one month for the deadlines of all monthly instalments of SSC settlements for qualifying 
businesses due on 30 June 2021 onwards. 
Labour protection measures  
• 
Special allowance: (a) given to tour guides for March, April and May 2021; (b) extended for artists for 
May, June and July 2021; and (c) increased for qualifying small and very small businesses for April 
2021. 
• 
Special allowance of €400 for self-employed and freelance scientists, such as engineers, lawyers, 
economists, etc., meeting specified criteria announced in April 2021. 
• 
Extension of unemployment benefit for April 2021 and May 2021. Financial aid of €25 million to 
qualifying aquaculture businesses. 
• 
Providing public service contracts of up to €50 million to qualifying short sea shipping companies 
affected by COVID-19 from 23 December 2020 to 30 May 2021. 
• 
Financial aid of €20 million to qualifying businesses relating to pigs, black pigs, and honey.  
• 
Financial aid of €24 million to qualifying agricultural businesses. 
The European Central Bank 
The following prudential measures have also been implemented by the ECB: 
• 
The ECB’s Governing Council issued an opinion confirming that exceptional circumstances 
warranting leverage ratio relief still exist. Banks may exclude central bank exposures from leverage 
ratio as exceptional macroeconomic circumstances continue. Banks benefit from relief measure until 
the end of March 2022. Banks which decide to exclude central bank exposures must recalibrate this 
3% leverage ratio requirement in such a way that only the central bank exposures newly accumulated 
since the beginning of the pandemic effectively benefit from the leverage ratio relief. (18 June 2021). 
• 
The ECB decided not to extend, beyond September 2021, its recommendation to banks to not 
distributing any cash dividends, or conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions. Instead, 
supervisors will assess the capital and distribution plans of each bank, as part of the regular 
supervisory process. (23 July 2021). 
The European Commission  
The European Commission announced the following additional measures: 
• 
The European Commission issued a €17 billion inaugural social bond under the EU Support to 
mitigate Unemployment Risks in an Emergency (SURE) instrument to help protect jobs and keep 
people employed. SURE has an overall firepower of up to €100 billion to help protect jobs and 
workers affected by the pandemic. The European Commission has already proposed a total of €87.8 
billion in financial support under SURE to 17 Member States. (21 October 2020). Overall, the 
Commission has proposed that 19 EU countries will receive €94.3 billion in financial support under

--- Page 163 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
163 
 
 
SURE, which includes a total of €5.2 billion to Greece. (30 March 2021). 
• 
The European Commission has taken steps to ensure that borrowing under the temporary recovery 
instrument NextGenerationEU will be financed on the most advantageous terms for EU Member 
States and their citizens. The European Commission will use a diversified funding strategy to raise up 
to around €800 billion in current prices until 2026. This approach, which will be in line with the best 
practices of sovereign issuers, will enable the Commission to raise the needed volumes in a smooth 
and efficient way. This will also attract investors to Europe and strengthen the international role of 
the euro. (14 April 2021). 
• 
The European Commission has approved, under EU State aid rules, a €500 million Greek support 
scheme to support food service companies affected by the coronavirus outbreak. The scheme was 
approved under the State aid Temporary Framework. The scheme is co-financed by the European 
Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and will be open to companies of all sizes that experienced a 
turnover decline of more than 30% in 2020, compared to 2019. The aid will take the form of direct 
grants, with each grant amounting to up to 7% of the beneficiary's annual turnover. (11 May 2021). 
• 
The European Commission has disbursed €14.1 billion to 12 EU Member States in the seventh 
instalment of financial support under the SURE instrument. As part of these operations, Greece has 
received €2.5 billion. (25 May 2021). 
• 
The European Commission has approved, under EU State aid rules, a €800 million Greek scheme to 
support companies active in tourism affected by the coronavirus outbreak. The scheme was approved 
under the State aid Temporary Framework. (1 June 2021). 
• 
Following the approval of the Own Resources Decision by all EU Member States, the Commission 
can start raising resources to finance Europe's recovery through NextGenerationEU. To that end, the 
European Commission announced its estimates to issue approximately €80 billion of long-term bonds 
in 2021, to be topped up by tens of billions of euros of short-term EU-Bills to cover the remaining 
financing requirements. The exact amount of both EU-Bonds and EU-Bills will depend on the precise 
funding needs, and the Commission will revise today's assessment in the autumn. In this way, the 
Commission will be able to fund, over the second half of the year, all planned grants and loans to 
Member States under the Recovery and Resilience Facility, as well as cover the needs of the EU 
policies that receive NextGenerationEU funding. (1 June 2021). 
• 
The European Commission has, in its first NextGenerationEU transaction, raised a €20 billion via a 
ten-year bond due on 4 July 2031 to finance Europe's recovery from the COVID-19 crisis and its 
consequences. This is the largest-ever institutional bond issuance in Europe, the largest-ever 
institutional single tranche transaction and the largest amount the EU has raised in a single 
transaction. (15 June 2021). 
• 
The European Commission endorsed Greece's €30.5 billion recovery and resilience plan. The 
European Commission adopted a positive assessment of Greece's recovery and resilience plan. This is 
an important step towards disbursing €17.8 billion in grants and €12.7 billion in loans under the 
Recovery and Resilience Facility (RRF) over the period 2021-2026. This financing will support the 
implementation of the crucial investment and reform measures outlined in Greece's recovery and 
resilience plan. It will play a key role in enabling Greece to emerge stronger from the COVID-19 
pandemic. (17 June 2021). 
• 
The European Commission has disbursed €800 million in payments under NextGenerationEU, the 
temporary instrument to finance Europe's recovery and foster a greener, more digital and resilient 
economy after the pandemic. The payments are going to 41 national and regional programmes in 16 
Member States including Greece. The funds under the REACT-EU constitute additional resources for 
existing Cohesion policy programmes. (28 June 2021).

--- Page 164 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
164 
 
 
• 
The European Commission has, in its second NextGenerationEU transaction, raised €15 billion to 
finance Europe's recovery from the coronavirus crisis and its consequences. This was a dual-tranche 
transaction, consisting of a €9 billion five-year bond due on 6 July 2026 and a €6 billion 30-year bond 
due on 6 July 2051. (29 June 2021). 
• 
The European Commission issued a further €10 billion to support Europe's recovery from the 
coronavirus crisis and its consequences, in a third NextGenerationEU bond since the start of the 
programme in mid-June. The European Commission issued a 20-year bond due on 4 July 2041, which 
was welcomed by the market with a very strong interest, with books close to €100 billion. (13 July 
2021). 
• 
The European Commission has disbursed €4 billion to Greece in pre-financing, equivalent to 13% of 
the country's grant and loan allocation under the RRF. Greece is one of the first countries receiving a 
pre-financing payment under the RRF. The pre-financing will help to kick-start the implementation of 
the crucial investment and reform measures outlined in Greece's recovery and resilience plan. 
(9 August 2021). 
• 
The European Commission has approved a Greek scheme to support the uncovered fixed costs of 
companies affected by the coronavirus outbreak. The scheme was approved under the State aid 
Temporary Framework and has an estimated budget of up to €500 million. (27 August 2021). 
• 
Since the outbreak of COVID-19 in early 2020, the EU, EU Member States and European financial 
institutions, as Team Europe, have disbursed €34.0 billion in support to partner countries in 
addressing the pandemic and its consequences, delivering on its promises with concrete results. This 
disbursement already exceeds by far the initial €20 billion Team Europe support package pledged in 
spring 2020, which has now increased to €46 billion. (16 September 2021). 
• 
The European Commission took stock of the implementation of the Recovery Assistance for 
Cohesion and the Territories of Europe (REACT-EU). With €34.1 billion approved and €3.5 billion 
already paid out in just four months, REACT-EU was the very first instrument of NextGenerationEU 
to make payments for the recovery of Member States. (11 October 2021). 
• 
The European Commission adopted its 2022 Work Programme, setting out the next steps in its bold 
and transformative agenda towards a post-COVID-19 Europe that is greener, fairer, more digital and 
more resilient. This European Commission’s Work Programme contains 42 new policy initiatives 
across all six headline ambitions of President von der Leyen's Political Guidelines, building on her 
2021 State of the Union speech. It also reflects the lessons learnt from the unprecedented crisis 
caused by the pandemic, while paying particular attention to young generation thanks to the proposed 
European Year of Youth 2022. (19 October 2021). 
• 
The European Commission has adopted a review of EU banking rules (the Capital Requirements 
Regulation and the Capital Requirements Directive). These new rules will ensure that EU banks 
become more resilient to potential future economic shocks, while contributing to Europe's recovery 
from the COVID-19 pandemic and the transition to climate neutrality. (27 October 2021). 
Similar initiatives have been taken by other countries and central banks where the Group operates. 
See further “Response to COVID-19 crisis from Greek and European authorities in 2021” in “Note 20: Risks 
Related to the COVID-19 Outbreak” of the September 2021 Interim Financial Statements and in “Response 
to COVID-19 Crisis” in the Board of Directors Report in the six-month Financial Report for the period 
ended 30 June 2021, each of which is incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 165 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
165 
 
 
Major Shareholders 
By resolution of the Bank’s Annual General Meeting of 26 July 2018, it was decided to simultaneously (i) 
increase the share capital by €0.90, due to capitalisation of an equal part of the Bank's special reserve of 
Article 4.4a of Codified Law 2190/1920, and (ii) increase the nominal value of each common registered 
voting share of the Bank from €0.30 to €3.00 and reduce the aggregate number of the Bank's old common 
registered shares from 9,147,151,527 to 914,715,153 new common registered shares with voting rights by 
means of a reverse split at a rate of ten (10) old common shares of the Bank to one (1) new common share of 
the Bank. 
Further to the above, the Bank’s outstanding issued share capital consisted of 914,715,153 common shares of 
a nominal value of €3.00 each. 
By resolution of the Bank’s Annual General Meeting of 30 July 2021, it was decided to reduce the Bank’s 
share capital by €1,829,430,306 through reduction of the nominal value of each common registered share 
from €3.00 to €1.00, for the purpose of setting off equal cumulative accounting losses of previous years. As a 
result, the Bank’s share capital would stand at €914,715,153.00 divided into 914,715,153 common shares of 
a nominal value of €1.00 each. 
Following the above resolution and the required approvals by competent authorities, on 18 November 2021, 
the Bank announced the aforementioned share capital decrease by reduction of the nominal value of its 
shares, determining 22 November 2021 as the date of change of the nominal value of the Bank’s shares to 
€1.00. 
Common Shares 
The following table sets forth certain information regarding holders of the Bank’s common shares, based on 
information known to or ascertainable by the Bank as at 18 November 2021:  
 
 
18 November 2021 
 
Number of common 
shares 
Percentage 
holding 
HFSF (with restricted voting rights) ......................................................................................
13,481,859 
1.47 % 
HFSF (with full voting rights) ...............................................................................................
355,986,916 
38.92% 
Legal entities and individuals outside of Greece ...................................................................                      408,046,765             44.61% 
Legal entities and individuals in Greece ................................................................................                       131,846,918 
               14.41% 
Domestic pension funds ........................................................................................................                         4,735,159 
                0.52% 
Other domestic public sector related legal entities and Church of Greece         
     616,099 
0.07% 
Other…………………………………………………………… 
         1,437 
0.00% 
Private placement by investors ..............................................................................................
— 
— 
Total common shares ..........................................................................................................
914,715,153 
100.00% 
The Bank’s ordinary shares are listed for trading on the Athens Exchange (ATHEX). 
Other than the above, the Bank does not know of any other persons who, directly or indirectly, jointly or 
individually, exercise or could exercise control over the Bank. 
Other than the HFSF, no single shareholder beneficially owns 5.00% or more of the Bank’s common shares.

--- Page 166 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
166 
 
 
State Interests 
In the context of the recapitalisation in December 2015, the HFSF acquired 40.39% or 3,694,687,756 
(369,468,775 respectively after the reverse split, as mentioned herein above) of the Bank’s share capital 
though holding shares of which 134,818,596 (13,481,859 respectively after the reverse split) fall under the 
restrictions of Article 7a paragraph 2 of the HFSF Law. 
Relationship with the Hellenic Republic  
Hellenic Republic as Shareholder 
As at 18 November 2021 and following completion of the recapitalisation in December 2015, the HFSF 
owns 40.39% of the Bank’s common share capital. Also, various domestic pension funds own in total 0.52% 
of the Bank’s common share capital, and other domestic public sector related legal entities and the Church of 
Greece own in total 0.07% of the Bank’s common share capital. See also “Risk Factors – Risks relating to 
the Bank’s Recapitalisation and Receipt of State aid” and “Major Shareholders” above.   
As the Bank no longer benefits from any support under the Hellenic Republic’s Bank Support Plan, the Bank 
is no longer subject to the provisions of Greek Law 3723/2008 (governing the Hellenic Republic Bank 
Support Plan) and the representation of the Hellenic Republic on the Bank’s Board of Directors has been 
ceased.  
Moreover, for powers vested in the HFSF as it participates in the Bank, please also see “Regulation and 
Supervision of Banks in Greece — The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund – The Greek Recapitalisation 
Framework” below. 
Hellenic Republic as Customer 
The Hellenic Republic, including state related entities, is a large customer of the Bank in terms of loans and 
deposits. As at 31 December 2020, 1.7% of the Bank’s outstanding loans were to the Hellenic Republic and 
state related entities, and 5.5% of the Bank’s deposits were from the Hellenic Republic and state related 
entities. The commercial relationship between the Bank, the Hellenic Republic and other state owned 
enterprises is conducted on a normal “arm’s length” basis. The Bank believes that the commercially oriented 
strategy currently being implemented will continue for the foreseeable future. 
Hellenic Republic as Regulator 
Through various agencies, including the Bank of Greece, the Hellenic Republic is also the regulator of the 
Group’s business activities. For more information see “Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece” 
below. 
Organisational Structure 
Set forth below is a chart indicating the individual companies within the Group and the Group’s participation 
(direct and indirect) in each company as at 30 September 2021. 
 
Primary Operating Area 
Country of 
incorporation 
Direct 
Indirect 
Total 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
 
 
 
Ethniki Leasing S.A. ................................................................... Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00%

--- Page 167 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
167 
 
 
Primary Operating Area 
Country of 
incorporation 
Direct 
Indirect 
Total 
Ethniki Factors S.A. .................................................................... Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Probank Leasing S.A. .................................................................. Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
International 
 
 
 
 
National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd(3) .................................... Cyprus 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
National Securities Co (Cyprus) Ltd(2) ........................................ Cyprus 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
NBG Management Services Ltd ................................................. Cyprus 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Stopanska Banka A.D. (Skopje) .................................................. North Macedonia 
94.64% 
— 
94.64% 
Bankteco E.O.O.D. ..................................................................... Bulgaria 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Leasing S.R.L. ................................................................... Romania 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG (Malta) Holdings Ltd ......................................................... Malta 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
NBG Bank Malta Ltd .................................................................. Malta 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
CAC Coral Limited.(3) 
Cyprus 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Global Markets & Asset Management 
 
 
 
 
National Securities S.A. .............................................................. Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Asset Management Mutual Funds S.A. ............................. Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
I-Bank Direct S.A. ...................................................................... Greece 
99.90% 
0.10% 
100.00% 
NBG Greek Fund Ltd .................................................................. Cyprus 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Finance Plc ........................................................................ UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Finance (Dollar) Plc(2) ........................................................ UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Finance (Sterling) Plc(2) ..................................................... UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG International Ltd ................................................................ UK 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBGI Private Equity Ltd(2) ......................................................... UK 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
NBG Asset Management Luxembourg S.A. ............................... Luxemburg 
94.67% 
5.33% 
100.00% 
Insurance 
 
 
 
 
Ethniki Hellenic General Insurance S.A.(3) ................................. Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG Insurance Brokers S.A. ...................................................... Greece 
99.90% 
0.10% 
100.00% 
Ethniki Insurance (Cyprus) Ltd(3) ................................................ Cyprus 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Ethniki General Insurance (Cyprus) Ltd(3) .................................. Cyprus 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
National Insurance Agents & Consultants Ltd(3) ......................... Cyprus 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
S.C. Garanta Asigurari S.A.(3) ..................................................... Romania 
— 
94.96% 
94.96% 
Other 
 
 
 
 
NBG Property Services S.A. ....................................................... Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Pronomiouhos Single Member S.A. Genikon Apothikon 
Hellados .................................................................................. Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
KADMOS S.A. ........................................................................... Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
DIONYSOS S.A. ........................................................................ Greece 
99.91% 
— 
99.91% 
EKTENEPOL Construction Company S.A. ................................ Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Mortgage, Touristic Protypos Single Member S.A. .................... Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
Hellenic Touristic Constructions S.A. ......................................... Greece 
78.14% 
— 
78.14% 
Ethniki Ktimatikis Ekmetalefsis Single Member S.A. ................ Greece 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
NBG International Holdings B.V. . ............................................. The Netherlands 
100.00% 
— 
100.00% 
ARC Management One SRL(1) .................................................... Romania 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
ARC Management Two EAD(1) .................................................. Bulgaria 
— 
100.00% 
100.00% 
 
(1) 
Special Purpose Entity in which the Bank is the primary beneficiary. 
(2) 
Companies under liquidation. 
(3) 
NIC and its subsidiaries, National Bank of Greece (Cyprus) Ltd. and CAC Coral Limited have been reclassified to non-
current assets held for sale. 
Business Overview 
Introduction 
The Bank is one of the four systemic banks in Greece and it holds a significant position in Greece’s retail 
banking sector, with as at 30 June 2020, 389 branches, one private banking unit and 1,488 ATMs.  
• 
Group main activities at a glance are:

--- Page 168 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
168 
 
 
Continuing operations: 
In Greece 
 
 
Retail banking 
 
Corporate and investment banking 
 
NPE management (Troubled Asset Units) 
 
Other 
 
Global Transaction Services 
 
Leasing  
 
Factoring 
 
Brokerage 
 
Asset management 
 
Real estate  
Outside of Greece: 
 
Two banking subsidiaries  
- Stopanska Banka A.D. – Skopje (Stopanska Banka) and  
- NBG Bank (Malta) Ltd. (NBG Malta) 
Discontinuing operations: 
In Greece 
 
 
One subsidiary in the insurance sector - NIC 
Outside of Greece: 
 
Banking activities in Cyprus (NBG Cyprus)  
 
Credit acquiring subsidiary in Cyprus CAC Coral Ltd 
The Bank is the principal operating company of the Group, representing 95.4% of the Group’s total assets, 
excluding non-current assets held for sale, as at 30 June 2021. The Bank’s liabilities represent 97.6% of the 
Group’s total liabilities, excluding liabilities associated with non-current assets held for sale, as at 
30 June 2021. While the Bank conducts most of the Group’s banking activities, it is supported by two 
non-Greek banking subsidiaries: Stopanska Banka A.D. – Skopje (Stopanska Banka) and NBG Bank 
(Malta) Ltd. (NBG Malta).  
The Bank holds significant positions in many financial services products in Greece. Based on internal 
analysis, as at 30 June 2021, of the Bank’s published financial statements based on IFRS regarding the 
Bank’s outstanding amounts and the total market based on the Bank of Greece’s Statistical Bulletin of 
Conjunctural Indicators, the Bank had significant market share of mortgage loans in Greece, with a share of 
21.0% (source: Bank of Greece, Statistical Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, Table IV.18 Domestic MFI 
Credit to domestic individuals and private non-profit institutions by loan type) and holds a significant 
position in core deposits (which consist of sight deposits and savings accounts and exclude repos and time 
deposits), with a market share of 30.8% (source: Bank of Greece, Statistical Bulletin of Conjunctural 
Indicators, Table IV.11.1 Deposits by domestic enterprises and households with OMFIs). See also below the 
table with the Group’s estimated market shares “Banking Activities in Greece—Retail Banking” below.  
NBG’s Transformation Programme 
Building upon its long-lasting tradition of trust and service to society, the Bank embarked on a large-scale 
transformation programme in the second half of 2018, in response to the challenges and tapping the business 
opportunities presented by the rapidly changing economic and banking landscape, committing to the delivery 
of aspiring financial and operational targets (the Transformation Programme).  
Three years into its implementation, the Transformation Programme has delivered positive results in terms of 
core profitability – fully in line with the Bank’s financial and business targets up to 2023 – and tangible 
improvements to NBG’s business and operating model. The Transformation Programme has been designed 
and is being delivered across Workstreams, each led by a senior executive of the Bank.

--- Page 169 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
169 
 
 
Strategic Priorities for 2021-23 
Between 2021 and 2023 the Bank will pursue the following strategic priorities: 
1. 
achieving a material reduction in NPEs to less than 5% of gross loans by 2023 while retaining best-
in-class capital ratios, driven by inorganic securitisation transactions, and continued organic efforts 
to address issues faced by customers temporarily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic as well as 
issues in legacy NPE portfolios. Further improvements in the quality of the Bank’s assets will be 
achieved through the internal Real Estate Owned (REO) platform that supports liquidation targets 
and the commercialisation of repossessed assets; 
2. 
further enhancing efficiency with a lower headcount and cost base, as well as enhanced productivity 
through material further improvements in the Bank’s business and operating model. Such 
improvements include optimising the Bank’s branch network and head office capacity, maintaining a 
best-in-class centralised demand management and procurement function to manage non-staff 
operating expenses, and reducing areas of high external spend such as real estate, factoring in a more 
flexible and partially remote working model; 
3. 
further boosting revenue generation through an increased focus on cross-selling and fee generation 
opportunities in Retail banking and through deepening large client relationships and broadening the 
SME base in Corporate banking. In the case of Retail banking, this is achieved through segment-
focused relationship managers (primarily for the Small Business and Premium segments), a stronger 
focus on fee-generating products and further enhancement of sales through third party partnerships 
(e.g. with retailers). In the case of Corporate banking, this is achieved through an increase in 
relationship managers’ capacity and time spent on sales, enhanced service levels, and a drive to 
increase sales of ancillary products and fees through the Bank’s Corporate Transaction Banking 
(CTB) unit. Across segments, digital channels are playing an increasingly important role in 
onboarding, engaging and selling to customers, a trend which has accelerated significantly since the 
outbreak of COVID-19; 
4. 
modernising the Bank’s technology and centralised operations. In terms of technology, the Bank’s 
key priorities include replacing the core banking system to enable revenue generation and cost 
efficiencies in the medium term, enhancing digital and data infrastructure, as well as migrating to a 
cloud-enabled environment. On the operations front, the Bank’s key focus remains on optimising 
core processes (both customer-facing and internal) through simplification, centralisation and 
automation levers; 
5. 
mobilising the Bank’s human resources and attracting new talent through the roll-out of a new 
performance management system (PMS) and a new incentive scheme across the Bank that reward 
performance and align individual objectives to strategic goals. Improvements in terms of talent 
development include the offering of flagship leadership programmes as part of the NBG Academy 
platform, as well as launching a structure programme within NBG to enhance the Bank’s corporate 
culture in line with the Bank’s core values, and to sustain change; 
6. 
modernising the credit policy and sanctioning frameworks for Retail and Corporate to enable 
sustainable growth across segments and deploying new analytics-driven credit risk scoring and rating 
models across segments. Enhancing risk awareness, internal controls, Anti-Money Laundering 
(AML) and Counter Terrorist Financing (CTF) practices across all lines of defence remains a 
priority; and

--- Page 170 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
170 
 
 
7. 
embedding a holistic Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) framework across the 
organisation, including addressing the business challenges and managing the risks emanating from 
climate change, delivering impact in society in areas of high priority (including, among others, 
diversity and inclusion, culture and creativity, and digital literacy), and adhering to the highest 
governance standards. 
 
The Bank’s Purpose and Values 
During the first half of 2021, the NBG Group launched a revamped Purpose Statement, and revisited its Core 
Values within the context of its Transformation Programme to guide its overall strategy, transformation, 
corporate culture and corporate communications. 
The Bank’s Purpose Statement is “To create future together”.  
 
The Bank’s Core Values are Human centricity, Growth, Trustworthiness and Responsiveness, as 
follows: 
 
 
 
Environment, Social and Governance  
During the first half of 2021, NBG launched a holistic Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) effort 
ensuring compliance with evolving regulatory framework and implementation of ESG best practices across 
the organisation (covering management of credit and other types of risk, business strategy, products and 
services, procurement practices, real estate, etc.). Key initiatives relevant to the implementation of NBG’s 
– 
We accelerate 
progress and 
prosperity. 
– 
We provide 
flexible 
solutions 
tailored to the 
needs of our 
customers. 
– 
We operate with 
transparency, 
knowledge and 
experience. 
– 
The needs and 
choices of our 
customers and our 
people are at the 
centre of  everything 
we do. 
 
Human 
centricity 
 
Trustworthiness 
Growth 
Responsiveness

--- Page 171 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
171 
 
 
strategy with respect to ESG have been incorporated into NBG’s Transformation Programme, to ensure high 
level of focus and discipline in execution in this critical area.  
Banking Activities in Greece 
In this section, financial information pertaining to the Bank relates to banking activities in Greece.  
Most of the Bank’s banking business is domestic and includes retail, corporate and investment banking. 
Banking activities in Greece include the Bank’s domestic operations, Ethniki Leasing, Probank Leasing S.A. 
(Probank Leasing) and Ethniki Factors S.A. (Ethniki Factors). The Group’s domestic banking operations 
accounted for 95.6% of its total lending activities as at 30 June 2021 (the Domestic Banking Loans) and for 
97.1% of its deposits as at 30 June 2021 (the Domestic Banking Deposits).  
The following table sets forth details of the domestic loans before allowance for impairment and deposits as 
at 31 December 2019, 31 December 2020 and 30 June 2021: 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
As at 31 December 
As at 30 June 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
 
Loans 
Deposits 
Loans 
Deposits 
Loans 
Deposits 
 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
Amount 
% of 
Total 
 
(€ million, except for percentages) 
Retail(1) ......... 
 18,506 
55.1% 
 32,485 
76.9% 
 12,101 
43.0% 
 35,237 
75.0% 
 11,886 
38.1% 
 36,720
74.1% 
Corporate ..... 
 14,651 
43.6% 
 6,429 
15.2% 
 15,544  
55.3% 
 9,177 
19.5% 
 18,810 
60.3% 
 10,687
21.6% 
Public Sector  
 438 
1.3% 
 3,324 
7.9% 
 480  
1.7% 
 2,563 
5.5% 
 484 
1.6% 
 2,150
4.3% 
Total ............ 
33,595 
100.0 
42,238 
100.0 
 28,125 
100.0% 
46,977 
100.0% 
31,180 
100.0% 
 49,557
100.0% 
 
(1) 
Retail loans include consumer loans, personal loans, mortgages, automobile financing, loans to SMEs and credit cards 
 
The Bank aims to attract domestic deposits from retail and corporate customers through: 
• 
wide coverage of the Bank’s domestic branch network; 
• 
digital banking platforms to ensure nationwide service availability to our customers; 
• 
the respected status of the Bank’s brand name among a large segment of the population; and 
• 
a broad range of services and products offered by the Bank.  
Digital banking will continue to evolve rapidly. It will provide flexibility, speed and security to customers. 
Simple transactions and sales of simple products will shift to alternative delivery channels. Inevitably, the 
Bank is being driven to re-examine the operating model of its branch network, as COVID-19 has accelerated 
this trend. 
More specifically, the Bank significantly improved its digital offering, by introducing new features and 
digital products (including debit and prepaid cards for retail customers and new loan applications for 
corporate), while always taking into account cyber risk. Digital transactions increased by 24% year-on-year

--- Page 172 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
172 
 
 
and digital subscribers reached 3.3 million in September 2021 (14% year-on-year). Additionally, NBG has 
offered payment moratoria to existing loans to both retail and corporate customers and has actively 
participated in all state driven liquidity support programmes. More specifically, the gross carrying amount of 
loans for which the moratoria expired during 2020 amounted to €3.9 billion (out of which €0.3 billion relates 
to moratoria that expired as at 30 September 2020 and €3.6 billion for moratoria that expired as at 31 
December 2020), whereby 90.5% comprised performing loans as at 31 December 2020. Payment 
performance of ex moratoria performing clients remains far better than expected, with only approximately 
3% performing moratoria beneficiaries in default as of June 2021 and just 1% currently in early arrears (>30 
days past due (“dpd”)). Moreover, approximately 60% of performing moratoria clients remain low risk and 
have thus received no subsequent payment relief. 
Following the expiry of moratoria on 30 September 2020 and 31 December 2020, the payment performance 
of moratoria beneficiaries remains reassuring, as less than 4% of ex-moratoria clients were in default as of 
mid-November 2021, 11 months post moratoria expiry. Morevoer, NBG is actively pushing for step-up 
solutions provided to customers that continue to experience economic difficulties due to COVID-19, in order 
to avoid a “cliff effect” on their payments. These measures are complemented by the successful State 
subsidy programmes “Gefyra I & II”, where almost €2.2 billion of NBG clients have enrolled. 
During 2020, the Bank disbursed new loans of €4.6 billion, in conjunction with governmental guarantee 
schemes, with total new disbursements expected to exceed the pre-COVID-19 target of €4 billion for the full 
year 2020. 
In addition, the Bank has disbursed new loans for €2.8 billion in Greece in the first nine months of 2021, 
driving the domestic PE loan portfolio up by €0.8 billion year-on-year compared to the first nine months of 
2020. 
Greek Banking Distribution Channels 
As at 30 September 2021, the Bank operated in Greece through 341 branches (including one private banking 
Unit). As at 30 September 2021, the Bank operated 1,482 ATMs, 830 (offsite) of which were situated in key 
locations such as supermarkets, metro stations, shopping centres, hospitals and airports (54% of the Bank’s 
ATMs are equipped with cash deposit devices). 
In 2011, the Bank created the first “i-bank store”, an innovative concept store which provides visitors with a 
true phygital (physical and digital) banking experience. As at 30 September 2020, the Bank operated 6 
i-bank stores (three in Athens, one in Thessaloniki, one in Larissa and one in Xanthi). 
In addition, since the end of 2014, the Bank has developed “i-bank Pay Spot”, an integrated payments 
service for retail stores that allows consumers to make payments (mostly bill payments) in non-banking, 
convenient locations around Greece.  
With “i-bank Pay Spot”, consumers can pay in cash or by debit/credit card more than 300 bills (utilities, 
telecoms, insurance companies, etc.) in small retail stores in their neighbourhood (kiosks, newsstands, 
pharmacies, grocery stores, etc.). Consumers can also pay debts to public authorities (e.g. assessed tax debts, 
road tax for cars and motorcycles, etc.) and top up their fixed/mobile/internet connection. There are more 
than 2,000 i-bank Pay Spots already operating around Greece and the Bank aims to further expand the 
network.

--- Page 173 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
173 
 
 
The Bank’s branches are located in almost every major city and town in Greece. Approximately 43% of the 
Bank’s branches are located in the Attica and Thessaloniki prefectures, the major population centres in 
Greece. The Bank is engaged in a continuous process of rationalizing the organisation of its branch network 
in order to reduce costs, primarily by centralizing back office functions to free more employees to work on 
sales activities directly with customers. In addition, the Bank is continuing to consolidate redundant branches 
in order to maintain equivalent geographic coverage at a lower cost. 
As at 30 September 2021, registered customers in digital channels reached 3.3 million, with 340,000 new 
customers registered since the beginning of the year, while the transactions performed through digital 
channels increased by 30% compared to the corresponding period last year.  
Retail Banking 
All of the Group’s retail banking activities in Greece are conducted by the Bank. The Bank offers retail 
customers a number of different types of deposit and investment products, as well as a wide range of 
traditional banking services and products. 
The following table illustrates the Bank’s estimated market share in Greece for certain categories of retail 
banking activities as at the dates indicated (source: Bank of Greece, Statistical Bulletin of Conjunctural 
Indicators): 
 
As at 
31 December 
As at  
30 June 
 
 
2019 
 
2020 
 
2021 
Mortgage lending (balances) ............................................
 
27.2% 
19.4% 
21.0% 
Consumer loans and credit cards (balances) .....................
 
13.9% 
11.5% 
13.1% 
Core deposits(1) .................................................................
 
32.8% 
31.2% 
30.8% 
 
(1) 
Core deposits consist of sight deposits and savings accounts and exclude repos and time deposits. 
The Bank believes that its strong corporate image and brand recognition in Greece, its large customer base 
and its digital business, network of branches and ATMs are advantages that will facilitate the Bank’s access 
to a diverse depositor base in Greece, providing the Bank with a large, stable and low-cost source of funding. 
2020 was a challenging year for the Retail Banking Division due to unfamiliar territories formed mainly by 
the pandemic. The Bank had to overcome numerous impediments, demanding instant reaction and effective 
leadership to this aspiring race. Nonetheless, the Transformation Programme continued at its pace, with a 
broad range of tactical and strategic initiatives being delivered. Hence, in 2020, the Retail Banking Division 
displayed solid growth, supported by the implementation of the following key initiatives: 
Customer-centric service model: The customer-centric service model aiming to strengthen the customer’s 
relationship with the Bank through increased product penetration and services usage, by featuring dedicated 
relationship managers for high-value customer segments, as well as targeted customer propositions based on 
advanced analytics was completed during 2020. The staffing model is redefined every year according to 
organisational business needs and decisions. Towards this direction, the “Go4More” programme was also 
significantly upgraded in order to increase customer loyalty and engagement.  
Mortgage lending: The Bank launched new mortgage loan products with a first long-term fixed-rate loan 
period (Estia 10/ 15/ 20/ 25 or 30 Years Mixed Home Loan). Another mortgage loan product was introduced 
for the purchase of land without construction of property. Moreover, the Bank took significant steps towards 
boosting the mortgage lending business in 2020 through partnering with the main market brokers.

--- Page 174 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
174 
 
 
Application pre-approval procedure via i-bank Internet Banking for specific mortgage loan products without 
visiting a branch was implemented. Finally, the redesign and simplification of mortgage lending processes 
led to improvements in the end-to-end servicing and response times. 
Consumer lending: The Bank has implemented Automated Approval Procedure (AAP) for applications 
through all channels for amounts up to €2,000, reducing operational costs and precipitating the decision 
process. Moreover, it expanded its lending business through new partnerships with market-leading retailers 
while continuing to grow existing key partnerships. Specifically: 
a) 
Through NBG channels: The Bank launched the new "Express" personal loan for instant cash up to 
€2,000, leveraging the new AAP to complete underwriting in just a few minutes. “Express” is also 
available via Internet/Mobile Banking to provide an end-to-end digital and user-friendly process 
(application – approval – disbursement) without visiting a branch. 
b) 
Through Merchants: The Bank expanded and enhanced the tools provided to its partners and customers 
to facilitate and make the entire financing experience user-friendly: 
 faster time-to-yes for applications subject to AAP (within up to three minutes), improving the overall 
experience for both merchants and their customers;  
 digital loan application for purchase of consumer goods via merchant's e-shop without visiting the 
physical retail shop; and 
 new method of financing instalment payments, via electronic payment codes allowing customers to 
pay with debit/credit/prepaid cards. 
Small business lending: A fast-track evaluation procedure was integrated resulting in reduced response 
times to the clients’ financing application. A new financing programme “POS financing” was launched, up 
to €35.000, to cover businesses’ working capital needs, and provide funding in relation to POS transactions. 
Small Business Lending includes customers with annual turnover up to €2.5 million and total exposure to the 
Bank up to €1 million, or initially originated from the Small Business Division. 
Cards (issuing & acquiring): Cards’ issuing performance was further enhanced with the launch of two new 
premium debit products addressing to Premium and Private clientele of the Bank and introduction of a fully 
digital process to apply for a credit card via Internet & Mobile Banking. On the acquiring side, the Bank 
reinforced its footprint on the e-Commerce market by introducing a new payment gateway platform and 
launching Key2pay service which targets to provide electronic payments acceptance solutions to merchants 
without e-shop. 
Deposits, Investments and Bancassurance: The Bank: 
a) 
completed an optimisation project for a shorter and comprehensive list of available deposit products. By 
reducing to approximately one-third of the available products, the Bank was able to simplify branch 
network processes and assist in establishing an effective management monitoring system for 
management; 
b) 
expanded the capability to open a new savings or current account through Internet & Mobile Banking to 
existing customers, after the successful launching in 2019 for new customers; and

--- Page 175 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
175 
 
 
c) 
increased investment product penetration by enabling open architecture capabilities (third party mutual 
funds, Undertaking for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) for the branch 
network.  
Bancassurance showed strong results across the entire range of products offered (health, life, fire, auto, cards 
and loans insurance). 
Private banking: Assets under management grew despite the operational difficulties incurred by the 
lockdowns, driven mainly by increased demand for Private Banking services, as a direct consequence of near 
zero deposit rates. Cross-selling initiatives with Retail and Corporate were interrupted to a large extent 
because of the lockdown-associated disruptions. In terms of revenue, the business managed to comfortably 
deliver revenue at the same levels as 2019, which was a year with significant market performance. 
Premium banking: The Bank redesigned and launched an enhanced value proposition, including a branded 
debit card, a distinct loyalty programme, new pricing discounts and exclusive privileges.  
Mass segment: The Bank:  
a) 
implemented the Campaign Management Process which streamlined collaboration between segments, 
products, channels, analytics and marketing into designing and implementing promotional campaigns. It 
resulted in higher campaign productivity, effectiveness, and efficiency through all available channels 
(branch, Below the Line, contact centres), and for all products and services. 
b) 
established a new channel for telemarketing sales in cooperation with third party providers, aiming to 
boost sales productivity for credit cards. 
c) 
designed methodology for end-to-end event-triggered communication across the product lifecycle to all 
individual customers (e.g. new customer welcome, credit card activation, etc.). Detailed flows and 
scenarios have been scripted, in order to ultimately achieve product lifecycle communication for all 
products. 
Branch network: Optimisation of the branch network footprint and migration of transaction to ATM/APS 
continued, with targeted unit mergers, aiming to save on resources and rationalisation of its operation. In 
2020, 63 Lobby ATMs and 340 APSs were operational in the branch network. Furthermore, Passbook 
Printer Units (PPU) have been successfully tested and installed, improving traditional customers’ experience, 
within the prevailing regulative framework. At the same time, key business processes were re-engineered, in 
order to improve customer experience and allow staff to devote more time and attention towards customer-
servicing activities. The branch network also contributed significantly to the restructuring of the retail NPE 
portfolios and provided support in all stages of the NPE portfolio sales initiatives, through a dedicated and 
specialised structure of “NPE Hubs”. 
Digital business: The Bank, in 2020, introduced a new Internet Banking service for business customers with 
advanced self-service functionalities (i.e. online legalisation, online disbursements and loan repayments), as 
well as online capabilities in applying COVID-19 customer support measures; more precisely, an online 
application for a loan payment holiday and cheque payment suspension were made available. 
Furthermore, the Bank strengthened its digital sales offering by providing customers with the ability to 
acquire through internet and mobile banking credit products (e.g. instant consumer lending a market-first in 
the Greek market – and credit cards) as well as a bancassurance product, thereby expanding the Bank’s sales

--- Page 176 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
176 
 
 
channels and amplifying customer digital engagement. The continued focus to migrate simple transactions to 
digital channels, which was and is expedited by COVID-19 restrictions, in combination with campaigns to 
promote digital channels’ usage, led to a significant decrease in relevant branch teller transactional volumes. 
Finally, the Retail Banking Division managed to further reduce its operating expenses, both through strategic 
initiatives (such as branch network unit mergers), as well as an exemplary expense discipline. 
Finally, the Retail Banking Division: 
• 
established the independent Segment Risk and Control sector headed by a Segment Risk and Control 
Officer with the aim to further strengthen the Bank’s effort to effectively manage operational risks, 
design adequate and efficient controls and their operating effectiveness, as well as ensure adherence to 
the Bank’s various internal and external regulatory obligations; and 
• 
managed to further reduce operating expenses, both through strategic initiatives (such as branch 
network unit mergers), as well as an exemplary expense discipline. 
 
The following table illustrates the domestic loan portfolio before any ECL allowance for impairment for 
retail lending as follows:  
 
 
As at 
 31 December 
 
As at 30 June 
 
 
2019 
 
2020 
 
2021 
 
 
In €000 
Consumer (auto financing, other, consumer lending and 
credit cards) ..................................................................
 
2,245 
1,639 
1,593 
Mortgages .........................................................................
 
14,318 
8,946 
8,684 
SBL...................................................................................
 
1,943 
1,516 
1,609 
 
Consumer Lending Products 
During the crisis period the Bank had mainly focused on effectively managing its existing loan portfolio. 
Due to the effects of the economic recession and as a result of targeted deleveraging, the balance of the 
domestic consumer loan portfolio (personal loans, auto financing, other consumer lending and credit cards) 
before any allowance for ECL impairment decreased from €2,245 million as at 31 December 2019 to €1,639 
million, as at 31 December 2020, and further decreased to €1,593 million as at 30 June 2021.  
However, the Bank during the last three years set the basis for the growth of new lending, mainly through 
loans for specific purposes (against documentation).  Furthermore, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic 
and the reduction in economic activity and consequential slowdown in consumer lending, the Bank has 
introduced microlending consumer products. 
With regard to new business development, apart from the promotion of the Bank’s products through its 
branch network, the Bank is now in a position to cater for shifting market trends and support B2C and B2B 
products, car purchase and energy/eco solutions financing via strategic partnerships with retail chains, 
market places, car importing companies or dealers and energy trade and supply companies

--- Page 177 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
177 
 
 
Opting to support this, the Bank has been able to invest and capitalise on key collaborations, in order to 
expand its respective market shares and penetration rates, through innovative and advanced products that 
involve swift and safe processes, an extensive network of sales persons and one-stop-shop services. As a 
result, a significant proportion of the Bank’s consumer lending disbursements currently takes place through 
these channels, with partners increasingly taking responsibility for delinquencies, partly or in total. 
Modifications to the characteristics of consumer loan products (interest rate formation, duration) took place 
in order to enhance consumer lending and products’ features homogenisation. 
Additionally, in the past three years the Bank has continued focusing on “green” banking, by participating in 
the “Energy Efficiency at Household Buildings II” programme, providing loans with favourable terms and 
conditions for energy improvements at home. Moreover, financing the purchase of electric vehicles was 
introduced, through NBG’s existing “Green Loan”. 
At the same time, the Bank is working on establishing alternative channels for new lending, as well as on the 
further growth of its debit, credit and prepaid cards portfolio. Additionally, the Bank is focused on gaining 
market share in the card acceptance market, an area with significant perspectives in Greece due to the 
economic environment and the obligatory use of cards due to tax regulations. Card acceptance in the Greek 
market is still low compared to the European average, therefore there is potential for further expansion in the 
penetration of card payments. The Bank has placed great emphasis in the transformation of the Bank’s 
services towards more customer-orientated services, by adding new channels to the already established ones, 
including the promotion of the selling and servicing of cards, via digital and online banking (internet and 
mobile banking).

--- Page 178 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
178 
 
 
NBG Retail lending regulation in Greece was recently revised and to remain up to date with current market 
conditions, the Bank's underwriting criteria were adjusted accordingly. Risk based pricing, credit policy and 
rules are still embedded in the Bank’s underwriting systems, to safeguard the new business expansion. 
The optimisation and automation of the Bank’s lending procedures, the digitalisation of customers’ services 
and the exploitation of various cross selling initiatives, are a part of the Bank’s Transformation Programme 
towards consumer lending. 
Mortgage Lending Products 
Due to the recession, apartment prices in Greece declined for a prolonged period (from 2008 to 2017 
cumulatively by 42.0% (in nominal values) (Source: Bank of Greece Governor Report for 2017, February 
2018)), with a decelerating trend during the last two years before increasing 1.8% year-on-year in 2018. The 
recovery in the real estate market gained further momentum in the following years, with apartment prices 
increasing by 7.2% in 2019 and 4.4% in 2020 year-on-year (provisional data) (Source: Bank of Greece, 
Bulletin of Conjunctural Indicators, September-October 2021). 
As at 30 June 2021, the residential mortgage loan portfolio, before any ECL allowance for impairment, was 
€8,684 million, compared to €8,946 million at 31 December 2020 and €14,318 million at 31 December 2019. 
The COVID-19 pandemic slowed down economic activity and consequently mortgage lending. However, 
improved macroeconomic outlook combined with low-cost mortgage lending, matured housing stock and 
favorable property related taxation, are expected to further fuel real estate transactions and demand for 
mortgages, for purchases as well as for renovation purposes. 
During the past three years the Bank has focused on increasing its mortgage loans portfolio. Following last 
year’s enrichment of mortgage loan products with mixed interest rate options (fixed interest rate for an initial 
duration of 10, 15, 20, 25 or 30 years and floating for the remaining term), significant flexibilities for new 
mortgage loans were introduced in mid-2021, i.e. skip payment of one instalment per year and interest only 
payment for the first one or two years, under specific conditions and criteria. 
As part of the Bank’s Transformation Programme, further automation of mortgage operations in order to 
minimise transaction time and provide an optimal customer experience as well as enhancement of the role of 
digital channels (loan application through Internet Banking) are under way. 
Small Business Lending Products 
The Small Business & Retail Lending Division (SB & RL Division) is the unit responsible for managing 
credit provision to small businesses with annual turnover of up to €2.5 million and total exposure of up to 
€1.0 million, in accordance with the Bank’s applicable Credit & Collection policy and approved authority 
levels. It operates through three credit centres in the main urban centres (Athens, Thessaloniki and Patra), 
which handle small business loan credit applications.  
One of the main responsibilities is the development of the relative SBL products in order to offer a full range 
of financial solutions to the customers. Apart from the development of new products related to the standard 
types of loans offered by the Bank, the unit also cooperates with national and European bodies in order to 
offer special products and financial instruments, such as COSME, EaSI and TEPIX 2. The aim of these 
programmes is to provide SMEs with the necessary support for their growth funds, while reducing:

--- Page 179 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
179 
 
 
• 
the need for collateral (COSME, EaSI and EAFRD) thanks to the guarantee provided by the EFSI to 
the Bank with the support of the European Union; 
• 
the cost of financing, since a zero interest rate is applied on 40% of the loan thanks to the non-
interest-bearing portion of the financing supplied by HDB.  
 
With the participation of HDB, the Bank launched: 
• 
the State guarantee working capital programme, exclusively for very small businesses with turnover 
up to €200,000: 80% of the loan is guaranteed by HDB, with a total duration of up to five years, and 
the amount can reach the lesser of the following, €50,000 or 25% of 2019 turnover. Starting from 15 
October 2021, the perimeter of the Programme has been expanded to include small businesses with 
turnover up to €1,000,000, while the amount can now reach the lesser of the following, €250,000 or 
25% of 2019 turnover (other terms being the same). 
• 
Co-financing working capital loans with interest rate subsidy with the HDB for working capital 
financing up to €50,000 to small and very small businesses, operating in the Western Macedonia 
region (Development Fund of Western Macedonia or TADYM).  
• 
State guarantee working capital programme with the participation of HDB through the Guarantee 
Fund HDB – EPWCF (Engineers and Public Works Contractors Fund), applicable to SMEs: 80% of 
the loan is guaranteed by HDB, with a total duration of up to five years, and the amount can reach 
the lesser of the following, €200,000 or 25% of 2019 turnover or twice the total annual wage bill.  
• 
Co-financing loans for investment plans with the HDB for loan amounts from €25,000 up to 
€1,500,000, applicable to SMEs (TEPIX 2 – BF1). 
With the participation of EIF, the Bank offered:  
• 
Loan Guarantee Program –EaSI COVID-19 for very small businesses with the participation of EIF up 
to €50,000. 68.8% of the loan is guaranteed by EIF. 
• 
Loan Guarantee Programme - COSME COVID-19 with the participation of EIF for up to €150,000: 
80% is guaranteed by EIF, up to 10 years total duration. 
Moreover, the Bank will continue offering: 
• 
Loan Guarantee Programme – ESIF EAFRD Greece under the rural development programme for 
loan amounts from €10,000 up to €5,000,000: 80% is guaranteed by EIF. The programme is 
applicable to SMEs which implement investments in agricultural holdings and processing, marketing 
and/or development of agricultural products. 
• 
Loan Guarantee Programme – ESIF ERDF for loan amounts from €10,000 up to €1,875,000 and 
loan total duration from 12 months to ten years: 80% is guaranteed by EIF. The programme is 
applicable to microenterprises (including natural persons) and SMEs. The loan purpose may cover 
the following categories:  
 
investment in tangible or intangible assets; and/or  
 
working capital; and 
 
transfer of propriety rights in enterprises.

--- Page 180 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
180 
 
 
Moreover, in the first quarter of 2021, the Bank launched the first digital end-to-end business loan, “Business 
Loan Express”. The loan is offered to new and existing customers, up to the amount of €35,000, starting 
from digital application to digital contract signing and disbursment, with no banch intervention 
As at 30 June 2021, the domestic SBL gross outstanding portfolio, before any ECL allowance for 
impairment, was €1,609 million, compared to €1,516 million as at 31 December 2020 and €1,943 million as 
at 31 December 2019. 
Savings and Investment Products 
 
Savings and investment products of the Bank are offered in euro and in other currencies. In addition to other 
products, the Bank offers investment products with yields that are higher than its basic deposit products, 
including capital-guaranteed principal products, Greek government bonds and other bonds from the Bank’s 
trading portfolio, repurchase agreements between the Bank and its clients and a wide range of mutual funds 
and unit trust products provided by NBG Asset Management Mutual Funds S.A. (NBG Asset 
Management), which is 100% owned by Group companies. See “Global Investment & Asset Management” 
below. 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
2020 has proven to be one of the most challenging years in recent history, with the COVID-19 pandemic 
being the primary factor for economic development around the world. Within this environment, companies 
in most sectors proactively approach the banks for support and funding.  
The main objective of the Corporate and Investment Banking (CIB) business is to provide its clients with 
tailor-made solutions, acting as their main partner bank to facilitate their growth plans, fully meet their needs 
in respect of credit and non-credit products and services, while generating value for both sides of the banking 
partnership, thereby ensuring sustainable revenues and profitability of the Bank.  
The Bank offers corporate clients a wide range of products and services, including financial and investment 
advisory services, deposit accounts, loans denominated in euro and other currencies, foreign exchange 
services, standby letters of credit and financial guarantees, insurance products, custody arrangements and 
trade finance services. 
The Bank extends financing to all sectors of the economy. As at 31 December 2020, domestic commercial 
lending amounted to €15,544 million and represented 55.3% of the total domestic loan portfolio of the 
Group, compared to €14,651 million as at 31 December 2019, representing 43.6% of the total domestic loan 
portfolio of the Group. As at 30 June 2021, domestic commercial lending amounted to €18,810 million and 
represented 60.3% of the total domestic loan portfolio of the Group. 
The Bank lends primarily in the form of short-term credit lines and medium/long-term loans. Apart from 
financing, the Bank provides standby letters of credit and financial guarantees for its customers, which 
amounted to €3,418 million as at 30 June 2021 compared to €3,302 million as at 31 December 2020 and 
€3,364 million as at 31 December 2019. 
Corporate banking includes the following divisions: 
Large Corporate: The Large Corporate portfolio is being handled by two separate divisions with distinctly 
separate structure and clientele. One division deals with large groups and companies from €200 million

--- Page 181 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
181 
 
 
annual turnover and above (on a consolidated basis). The other division focuses mid-capitalisation 
companies (with €50 million to €200 million annual turnover) and other specialised categories (such as 
intragroups, Greek state related entities, etc.). 
Structured Financing: The Structured Financing business has been established as a core growth arm of the 
CIB. Structured Financing focuses on origination, arrangement and execution of wholesale, primarily 
“event-driven” financings across four pillars:  
- Energy Project Finance 
- Real Estate Finance 
- Concessions, Infrastructure & Advisory 
- Leveraged Acquisition Finance 
Transactions are mostly executed on a non-recourse basis, either in bilateral or syndicated format, mobilising 
the team’s in-house placement capabilities. Beyond customary support of local sponsors, Structured 
Financing is particularly focused on facilitating foreign direct investment (FDI) of diverse investors in 
Greece across the aforementioned financial sectors.  
Through a dedicated team of 16 professionals with international structuring, financing and advisory 
background, Structured Financing represents a major budget carrier within CIB both from a net credit growth 
and a profitability perspective. In 2020, Structured Financing marked a net credit growth of approximately 
40% year-on-year, supported by both FDI growth and increased domestic sponsors’ financing activity.  
Medium-Sized Businesses (SME): This part of CIB’s portfolio (including businesses with annual turnover 
between €2.5 million and €50 million, or Small Businesses with total exposure to the Bank exceeding 
€1 million, or initially originated from the SME Division) was broadly affected by the ongoing pandemic 
and is in need of proper support. The timely and targeted actions of the Division are expected to assist our 
customers in weathering this new financial challenge and keep our focus in tapping the potential of the 
Greek economy.  
Despite the deteriorated financial environment, the Bank’s long-term strategy is to ensure a steady flow of 
liquidity to businesses that continue to invest in competitiveness and innovation, while promoting 
extroversion is considered paramount in the business plan’s agenda. At the same time, the Bank participated 
in several favourable business financing programmes in cooperation with European organisations, such as 
the EIB and the EIF. 
Shipping Finance: Greece is one of the world’s largest ship owning nations with a long standing tradition in 
shipping. Shipping has been one of the most important sectors of the Greek economy with the Bank being 
one of the key participants (including local and international Banks) in Greek shipping finance, the activities 
of which are carried out almost exclusively through its dedicated Piraeus-based unit.  
The Bank has traditionally provided long-term financing, mainly to shipping companies trading in the dry 
bulk and wet bulk sectors and, to a lesser extent, to liner and ferry businesses, with a consistent view to 
minimising risk and enhancing the portfolio’s profitability.

--- Page 182 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
182 
 
 
During the course of the year, with a focus on asset quality and profitability, the Bank expanded its customer 
base by attracting new names in the Greek shipping industry, primarily in the markets of dry bulk and 
tankers. In addition, the Bank further leveraged the potential of its existing, high-quality clientele, expanding 
already successful partnerships.  
Changes in the regulatory framework regarding the operation of vessels and environmental protection are 
still under way and are expected to impact the shipping markets over time. The Bank monitors closely the 
expected impact on the shipping industry from the imposed measures on reducing sulphur dioxide emissions 
as of 1 January 2020. Furthermore, the Bank is following technological developments regarding the gradual 
replacement of fossil fuels by more environment-friendly ones for ship propulsion. 
NPE and NPL management 
The Bank has established two dedicated and independent internal units, one responsible for the management 
of the Bank’s retail loans (the Retail Collection Unit (RCU)) and the other for the Bank’s corporate 
delinquent exposures (the Special Assets Unit (SAU)). The two units have the end-to-end responsibility for 
their respective troubled asset exposures. Regarding corporate governance, the units report to the General 
Manager – Head of Troubled Assets Group, as well as to a dedicated Arrears and Non-Performing Loans 
(NPL) Management Committee, which in turn reports to the Board Risk Committee of the Group. 
Furthermore, there are tangible Group initiatives regarding the management of real estate, related to workout 
actions (auctions, foreclosures and repossessions) with strong involvement of the Group’s Real Estate 
Management experts and the monitoring by the Senior Executive Committee. Moreover, the Segment Risk 
and Control Officer was appointed with the aim to further strengthen the Bank’s efforts to effectively 
manage operational risks, the design of adequate and efficient controls and their operating effectiveness, as 
well as to ensure adherence to the Bank’s various internal and external regulatory obligations. 
The Bank is continuously enhancing its NPL and NPE management strategies whilst augmenting its 
operational capabilities towards accomplishing the Bank’s objective of reducing its NPL and NPE stock. 
Retail Collections 
The RC was established in 2010 as the independent unit of the Bank responsible for the management of past 
due and troubled retail loans. It is a centralised function with an end-to-end responsibility for the 
management of past due loans, from the first day of delinquency all the way to the eventual write-off. As at 
30 June 2021, the retail NPE loan portfolio (bank level) under RC management amounted to €6.7 billion 
compared to €7.0 billion as at 31 December 2020, and €7.5 billion as at 31 December 2019 (the figures 
include management of the Frontier portfolio). 
RC’s strategy for managing delinquent retail clients is performed through a combination of channels, such as 
the Internal Collections Centre (ICC), dedicated personnel in the Bank’s branch network, external debt 
collection agencies and external law firms. The RC determines the strategy (i.e. collection, restructuring or 
legal) for each borrower in accordance with a framework that utilises available loan and borrower data. It 
makes extensive use of information technology, call strategy and monitoring tools in the ICC to perform 
rigorous collections in the early stages of delinquency, while outsourcing certain cases to external agencies 
which are given incentive-based remuneration. For restructuring, the RC utilises the ICC, the branch network 
and legal offices to communicate with borrowers. Factors, such as the income and living expenses of the 
borrower, the presence and amount of collateral and the days past due of the loan are utilised with the 
support of tools (such as the “Algorithm”) to provide borrowers with viable modification solutions. The 
products employed by the RC in respect of restructurings include features such as the request for additional

--- Page 183 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
183 
 
 
collateral coverage, maturity extension, interest rate reduction, monthly payment reduction for up to six 
years, or partial debt forgiveness (split balance) that provides incentives to remain current (with provisional 
forgiveness at maturity). After mid-stage delinquency, legal action can be initiated in parallel, utilising legal 
offices (internal and external). The Bank’s actions can escalate from denouncement up to collateral 
foreclosure and auction in order to achieve debt recovery. 
Special Assets Unit 
The Bank has established the SAU, in order to effectively manage troubled and past due corporate loans and 
have full responsibility for managing such loans. Since the first quarter of 2015, the SAU has been reported 
as a separate segment and maintains a management structure independent of other Group businesses. 
As at 30 June 2021, the Corporate NPE loan portfolio under SAU management amounted to €1.8 billion 
compared to € 1.9 billion as at 31 December 2020, and € 2.7 billion as at 31 December 2019. The SAU 
proposes customised loan modification and debt restructuring solutions to enterprises that are facing 
difficulties meeting their obligations and have operational and financial weaknesses. 
There is a clear prioritisation strategy per portfolio managed, based on aging, size, collateralisation levels 
and status of legal actions. The SAU assesses the creditworthiness of the borrower using analytical tools and 
metrics, taking into consideration a number of factors, including but not limited to: cooperativeness of the 
borrower, the size of exposure, the borrower’s viability and debt repayment capacity, collateral levels, 
market and competitive conditions and the industry in which it operates. Based on the results of its 
assessment, the SAU proposes customised loan modification and restructuring solutions for the borrowers’ 
loans, also taking into consideration the results of a “net present value” tool. A number of restructuring 
products and debt settlement solutions for small customers respectively are also in place. 
As at 30 June 2021, forborne exposures (forborne non-performing exposures and forborne performing 
exposures) amounting to €0.8 billion were under SAU management (31 December 2020: €0.9 billion and 
31 December 2019: €1.3 billion). 
NPE reduction plan 
From December 2015 to June 2021, the Group achieved a decrease of €17.8 billion of the NPE stock through 
a combination of organic and inorganic actions, with Group NPE stock as of 30 June 2021 at €4.1 billion 
(Bank: €3.9 billion). Similarly, the NPE ratio dropped from 46.8% to 13.9% post Project “Frontier” which 
was classified as Held for Sale (see below). More specifically, NPE reduction continued in the first half of 
2021, with the stock of domestic NPEs reduced further by €0.1 billion to €4.0 billion, reflecting organic 
actions, mainly through restructurings/debt forgiveness and liquidations.  
Payment performance of ex moratoria performing clients remains far better than expected, with only 
approximately 3% performing moratoria beneficiaries in default as of June 2021 and just 1% currently in 
early arrears (>30 days past due (“dpd”)). Moreover, approximately 60% of performing moratoria clients 
remain low risk and have thus received no subsequent payment relief. 
Domestic NPE ratio dropped by approximately 110 bps to 14.2% in the first half of 2021, with NPE 
coverage at 66.4% from 62.8% in the fourth quarter of 2020.  
International NPE ratio and coverage in the first half of 2021 settled at 8.5% and 78.8%, respectively. 
Furthermore, on 31 March 2021, as per the regular ECB calendar, post-COVID-19 revised targets were 
submitted to the SSM, based on which the NPE ratio is expected to be reduced to below 5% by 2023. More 
specifically, the NPE reduction targets for 2023 are as follows:

--- Page 184 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
184 
 
 
 
(GROUP, € billion)  
 
Disposal of NPE portfolios 
As part of the implementation of the Bank’s Transformation Programme, the Bank has entered into definitive 
agreements for the disposal of the following non-performing portfolios: 
• 
On 29 July 2019, the Bank announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with a 
consortium of funds (the Consortium) advised by affiliates of Centerbridge Partners, LLP and funds 
advised by Elliott Advisors (UK) Limited for the disposal of a portfolio of approximately 12,800 
secured non-performing SBL and SME loans (approximately 8,300 properties distributed across 
Greece) with a total principal amount of €0.9 billion (Project Symbol). The transaction was 
completed on 9 December 2019 and the Consortium assigned the servicing of the portfolio to Cepal 
Hellas Financial Services S.A., which has been licensed by the Bank of Greece under Greek Law 
4354/2015. The consideration of the transaction was equivalent to 28.3% of the principal amount of 
the portfolio and was capital accretive to NBG (based on the third quarter of 2019 CET1 ratio). This 
transaction was implemented in the context of NBG’s NPE Strategy and Operational Targets, as 
submitted to the SSM. 
• 
On 1 August 2019, the Bank announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with CarVal 
Investors, for the disposal of a portfolio of unsecured non-performing portfolio of credit cards, 
consumer loans, SBL and SMEs loans with a total principal amount of €1.2 billion (Project 
Mirror). The transaction completed on 18 November 2019 and the servicing of the portfolio was 
assigned, by the investor, to QQuant Master Servicer S.A. which has been licensed and is regulated 
by the Bank of Greece under Greek Law 4354/2015. The consideration of the transaction amounted 
to more than 9.1% of the principal portfolio amount and was capital accretive to NBG. This 
transaction was implemented in the context of NBG’s NPE Strategy and Operational Targets, as 
submitted to the SSM.  
• 
On 16 October 2020, the Bank announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement with 
Bain Capital Credit for the disposal of a Cypriot Credit Acquiring Company (CAC Coral Ltd) which 
contains a portfolio of Cypriot-risk non-performing Corporate, SME and Retail/Consumer loans with 
a Gross Book Value (GBV) of approximately €325 million and approximately €200 million of 
allocated collateral value (Project Marina). The transaction is being implemented in the context of 
  
  
  
4.4 
1.6 
-1.6 
-1.2 
06.2021 
 
Sales, Securitizations & write-offs 
Restructurings/debt forgiveness Liquidations 
2023

--- Page 185 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
185 
 
 
NBG’s NPE deleveraging strategy and in accordance with the Operational Targets submitted to the 
SSM. The closing of the transaction is subject to standard conditions precedent, including the 
approval of the competent regulatory authorities (see above “Other divestments - Planned divestment 
of CAC Coral Ltd”). 
• 
On 12 February 2021, NBG announced that it had completed the disposal of a non-performing, 
predominantly secured, corporate loan portfolio (Project Icon) with total principal amount as at 
30 June 2019 of €1.6 billion (€0.6 billion of allocated collateral value) to Bain Capital. The 
transaction was implemented in the context of NBG’s NPE deleveraging strategy and in accordance 
with the Operational Targets submitted to the SSM. 
• 
On 20 May 2021, following the relevant announcement on 22 December 2020, the Bank completed 
the disposal of a Romanian-risk corporate NPE portfolio (Project Danube) with a total GBV of 
€174 million (€102 million of allocated collateral value) to Bain Capital. The transaction was being 
implemented in the context of NBG’s NPE deleveraging strategy and in accordance with the 
Operational Targets submitted to the SSM. 
Project “Frontier” NPE securitisation 
NBG, in the context of its Transformation Programme, launched in the fourth quarter of 2020, the 
securitisation of a portfolio of NPEs under the project name "Frontier", accounting for €6.0 billion in terms 
of GBV as of 30 June 2020 and consisting of secured Large Corporate, Small and Medium Enterprises 
(SMEs), Small Business Lending (SBL), Mortgages and Consumer Loans. The portfolio’s net book value as 
of 30 June 2021 amounted to €2.7 billion. 
On 29 January 2021, the Bank submitted an application for the inclusion of Project Frontier under the 
"Hercules" guarantee scheme, according to the provisions of Greek Law 4649/2019 (see below). The 
application provides for a guarantee by the Greek State for senior notes with a total value up to €3.3 billion.  
On 15 October 2021, the Bank announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement with a consortium 
consisting of affiliates of Bain Capital Credit (“Bain Capital”), Fortress Investment Group and doValue 
Greece, for the sale of 95% of the mezzanine and junior notes from a rated securitisation backed by a 
portfolio of Greek NPEs.  
Upon the successful completion of the transaction (closing), which is expected to take place in 
December 2021, the Bank will retain 100% of the senior notes, utilising the provisions of the Hellenic Asset 
Republic Protection Scheme, and 5% of the mezzanine and junior notes.   
Hellenic Republic Asset Protection Scheme 
In December 2019, the Greek parliament voted for the creation of an Asset Protection Scheme (APS) (Greek 
Law 4649/2019) also known as the “Hercules Scheme”. The Hercules Scheme will support banks on 
deleveraging NPEs through securitisation, with the aim of obtaining greater market stability. The 
participation in the Hercules Scheme is voluntary and open to all Greek banks and it does not constitute state 
aid as guarantees are priced on market terms. 
Under the Hercules Scheme, the Hellenic Republic will provide guarantees up to €12.0 billion on the senior 
bonds of securitisations of NPEs. The Hercules Scheme will become effective only when the originator has 
sold at least 50% plus one of the junior tranches (and mezzanine if any) and the notes are of such amount 
that allows the derecognition and the Significant Risk Transfer (SRT) of the securitised receivables.

--- Page 186 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
186 
 
 
Moreover, in April 2021, following approval from the DG Competition on 9 April 2021 and based on Greek 
Law 4818/2021, the "Hercules" Scheme (named also as Hercules II) was extended by 18 months and the 
amount of guarantees was increased for another €12.0 billion, with no material changes in terms (see 
“Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece - Asset protection scheme for banks in Greece”).  
Cooperation with specialised servicers  
Οn 31 July 2018, the four systemic Greek banks (Alpha Bank, the Bank, Eurobank and Piraeus Bank) 
entered into a servicing agreement with a credit institution, doBank S.p.A., which specialises in servicing of 
NPLs. This agreement is part of the strategic framework of the Greek systemic banks, including the Bank, to 
reduce their NPEs by protecting the viability of small and medium sized enterprises and supporting the 
recovery of the Greek economy. 
As part of its ongoing efforts to optimize its NPE management strategies, the Bank expects to examine 
further cooperation opportunities with specialised servicers. 
Global Investment & Asset Management 
Treasury 
The Bank carries out its own treasury activities within the prescribed position and counterparty limits. These 
activities include: 
• 
Greek and other sovereign securities trading; 
• 
foreign exchange trading; 
• 
interbank lending and borrowing in euro and other currency placements and deposits; 
• 
repurchase agreements; 
• 
corporate bonds; and 
• 
derivative products, such as forward rate agreement trading, options and interest rate and currency 
swaps. 
The Treasury is active across a broad spectrum of capital market products and operations, including bonds 
and securities, interbank placements in the international money and foreign exchange markets and 
market-traded and over-the-counter financial derivatives. It supplies the branch network with value-added 
deposit products, and its client base includes institutions, large corporations, insurance funds and large 
private-sector investors. In general, the Bank enters into derivatives transactions for economic hedging 
purposes or in response to specific customer requirements. 
The Bank is active in the primary and secondary trading of Greek government securities, as well as in the 
international Eurobond market, especially EGBs, EFSF and ESM issues. The Bank is a founding member of 
the Group of Greek Government Securities Primary Dealers which was established by the Bank of Greece in 
early 1998 and of the Group of EFSF-ESM Securities Primary Dealers which was established in 2010. In 
addition, it is a member of the EU Primary Dealer’s Network which was established in 2021.

--- Page 187 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
187 
 
 
Custodian Services 
The Bank offers custody services to domestic and foreign institutional clients, as well as to its retail customer 
base, covering the Greek and major international markets. For the coverage of international markets the 
Bank cooperates with top global custody providers and International Securities Depositaries, while in 
countries of SEE where the Bank maintains presence, regional subsidiaries act as sub-custodians in the 
region. 
Asset Management 
The Group’s domestic fund management business is operated by NBG Asset Management, which is wholly 
owned by the Group and was the first mutual fund management company to be established in Greece. Set up 
in 1972, NBG Asset Management manages private and institutional client funds, made available to 
customers through the Bank’s extensive branch network. The company's objective is to achieve competitive 
returns in relation to domestic and international competition. 
As of 31 December 2020, the total assets under management in mutual funds and discretionary asset 
management amounted to €1.6 billion, with NBG Asset Management maintaining a market share in mutual 
funds in Greece of 10.2% (Source: Hellenic Fund and Asset Management Association – report of 
31 December 2020). The number of clients serviced by NBG Asset Management are in excess of 38,000, 
including 66 institutional investors. 
 
€ million 
2019 
2020 
Mutual funds under management 
838 
826 
Discretionary funds under management 
688 
726 
Total funds under management 
1,526 
1,552 
Market share 
10.7% 
10.2% 
The 21 mutual funds of NBG Asset Management, among them four in Luxembourg, cover a wide range of 
investment categories (Equity, Bond, Balanced and Fund of Funds) in Greece and international markets. 
Such a wide spectrum of investment products gives great flexibility to investors who wish to build their 
personal investment plan according to their investment profile and objectives through mutual fund portfolios 
with a high degree of diversification. 
In addition to mutual fund management, NBG Asset Management offers the following services for 
institutional and private investors: 
- 
Discretionary Portfolio Management Investment Services. 
- 
Advisory Services. 
It also offers a range of financial products and services that cover the needs of: 
- 
Social Security/Pension Funds. 
- 
Insurance companies. 
- 
Corporates.

--- Page 188 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
188 
 
 
Brokerage 
National Securities S.A. (NBG Securities) was established in 1988 and constitutes the brokerage and 
investment banking arm of the Group. NBG Securities offers a wide spectrum of integrated and innovative 
investment services to both individual and institutional customers. The NBG Securities aims at providing 
investment services tailored to the needs of its clients. 
2020 was indeed a special year characterised by the effects as well as the subsequent challenges brought 
about by the pandemic. As that was the case with the entire economy, NBG Securities adapted immediately 
to the conditions created by COVID-19 and placed its focus on the protection and safety of its employees 
and customers. Right from the very beginning of the pandemic, NBG Securities showed readiness in terms of 
remotely managing day-to-day operations, successfully implementing remote access solutions, thereby 
enabling its customers to continue to enjoy uninterrupted service even during the most extreme lockdown 
conditions.  
At the same time, NBG Securities continued to explore synergies with NBG and achieving economies of 
scale. The company’s digital transformation programme also proceeded at a satisfactory pace focusing on 
alternative channels/services, such as the new modern applications for both mobile and internet trading. 
Investment Banking 
In 2021, NBG’s Investment Banking Division provided advisory services focused on Debt and Equity 
Capital Markets, as well as Corporate Finance Consulting. NBG’s roles have included acting as:  
1) Sole Financial Advisor and Joint Coordinator & Bookrunner in relation to the issuance by 
PRODEA INVESTMENTS of a €500 million common bond loan listed on ATHEX;  
2) Lead Underwriter in relation to the issuance by MOTOR OIL of a €200 million common bond loan 
listed on ATHEX;  
3) Lead Underwriter in relation to the issuance by ELVALHALCOR of a €250 million common bond 
loan listed on ATHEX;  
4) Sole Financial Advisor and Joint Bookrunner in relation to the issuance (Share Capital Increase) by 
PPC S.A. of 150 million additional common shares listed on ATHEX; and 
5) Sole Financial Advisor for the provision of a Financial Report to the Management of TEMES S.A., 
in relation to the optimal capital structure of TEMES S.A. 
Other 
Group Real Estate  
NBG Group Real Estate is responsible for the comprehensive management of the Group’s total portfolio of 
properties, whether owned, used, leased or foreclosed, and for the provision of valuation and technical 
services on a fully integrated basis. 
Since 2018, Group Real Estate has undertaken an important role in the Bank’s NPE reduction strategy, 
beyond its traditional real estate management activities.

--- Page 189 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
189 
 
 
In 2020, in line with the Transformation Programme’s (Healthy Balance Sheet Workstream), Group Real 
Estate further expanded its activities and accelerated its efforts to contribute effectively to this strategic 
objective. 
In this context, the Bank through its REO Assets Division, participated in public auctions and acquired 1,244 
properties with value of approximately €89 million in 2020, within a limited period of three and a half 
months due to the pandemic restrictions. In 2019, the Bank had acquired 1,229 properties valued at 
approximately €130 million during the 11 months period.  
For Group Real Estate, 2020 was a record year in terms of property sales. Real estate owned assets (REO) 
targets were exceeded, achieving a historic year of performance, whilst significant Bank properties were 
successfully commercialised through long-term leases. 
Key drivers for this success were the adoption of a new strategy for the comprehensive management of all 
promotional channels (electronic channels, brokers and branch network), and the transition from a traditional 
model of physical tenders to a more flexible, integrated model, in order to ensure the efficient exploitation of 
real estate portfolios with a large geographical spread. More specifically, for the promotion of REOs, as well 
as other properties of the Group, an Agent’s registry with nationwide coverage was created, the web portal 
www.realestateonline.gr was significantly upgraded, incorporating a platform for electronic tenders, ensuring 
transparency, greater efficiencies and further enhancing flexibility in real estate transactions. 
Despite the restrictions due to the pandemic, total Group Real Estate sales reached 127 properties with a 
value of €94 million, with significant profits. At the same time, the introduction of electronic tenders from 
the middle of 2020 onwards allowed for the successful completion of 17 electronic tenders for properties 
with value of approximately €6 million. 
Currently, there are approximately 1,000 properties with value of approximately €118 million uploaded on 
this website and it is expected that 500 additional properties with a value of approximately €70 million will 
be uploaded within the first half of 2021.  
Furthermore, the Central Unit for Technical Assessments in 2020 conducted 120,000 property valuations 
totalling approximately €15.0 billion relating to new investments and the revaluation of existing collaterals, 
tripling its activity volume compared with 2019. 
In addition, the Group Property Valuation Policy and the respective Regulation were further updated to 
remain fully aligned with the Regulatory Frameworks (EU, ECB and EBA) and the International and 
European Valuation Standards (IVS/EVS) at all times.  
During the last two years, the Central Unit for Technical Assessments has further expanded its scope by 
offering expert advisory services for the assessment and monitoring of new construction projects financed by 
the Bank (Lender's Technical Advisor – LTA), marketability reports and other specialised services to the 
Bank and the Group (expert witness, Technical Due Diligence and Data Remediation). 
In 2020, the Technical Services sector’s contribution to large Bank branch projects was significant, whilst 
projects with respect to the energy upgrade of the Bank’s buildings continued. The Bank’s IT Facilities 
Building at Gerakas was certified according to Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) at 
the Gold level, thus holding one of the most globally valid certifications for "Green Buildings”, whilst with 
the completion of the Facility Energy Upgrade, energy savings of approximately 34% have been achieved.

--- Page 190 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
190 
 
 
Finally, the Property Management Division continued to successfully manage the Bank’s own buildings, in 
the context of overall cost reduction efforts, significantly contributing to the further optimisation of the costs 
of the Bank’s branch network and its office spaces. 
Global Transaction Services  
NBG Global Transaction Services Division serves all customer segments covering Large Corporations, 
SMEs, Small Businesses, Individuals and Financial Institutions, offering these products including all type of 
Collections and Payments, Letters of Credit, Letters of Guarantee and Supply & Trade Financing. 
During 2020, Global Transaction Services (GTS) has provided the market with €298 million of liquidity 
through trade financing and maintained a credit instrument portfolio of €2.8 billion. 
The Bank maintains a leading market share in import and export products by SWIFT Traffic, as well as in 
local payments. 
In the context of the Bank’s strategy for improving operational efficiency, in sync with its Transformation 
Plan and utilising GTS’ expertise, the centralisation of domestic letter of guarantees and document 
collections has been concluded with the centralisation of corporate customers. GTS has launched the digital 
certificate project, with the onboarding of customers to improve customer experience and offer fast-track 
services while in parallel trying to improve the offered services implementing new functions in the existing 
platform.  
GTS’ commitment to invest in the new Trade Finance systems has driven the implementation of a new 
customer front-end application covering letters of guarantee as well, after successful implementation in 
collections, letters of credit and trade financing. After completion of a specific phase, NBG Trade Finance 
will be fully integrated into a robust platform with both back-end and front-end systems. 
The Bank consistently exploits and innovates structured solutions under International Trade Facilitation 
Programmes (TFPs), enabling Greek corporates to access alternative financing channels with favourable 
costs. For this purpose, the Bank is currently in discussions to sign the extension of the TFP for the third time 
and for an additional period of two years. 
As a result, NBG GTS continues to gain global recognition from clients and business partners across all 
industries in and out of Greek boarders. GTS, as a leading and innovating division, is also active in the 
Secondary Forfeiting Market as a buyer, conducting business and collaborating with major banking 
institutions abroad. 
NBG GTS has also been named for the eighth time as “Best Trade Finance Bank” by the internationally 
acclaimed “Global Finance” magazine. 
Swift Global Payments Innovation (GPI) implementation for cross-border payments is ongoing, aiming to 
offer transparency and on-time tracking. GPP upgrade is in a pre-user acceptance testing stage as an interim 
step of Pan European Instant Payments implementation. 
Finance hub set up in NBG Malta is under development in cooperation with local management thus giving 
NBG customers the opportunity to conduct business through an efficient and low-cost route.

--- Page 191 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
191 
 
 
Leveraging on NBG’s competitive strengths, GTS plans to engage stronger cross-unit partnerships, under the 
Bank’s transformation pillars and initiatives, to achieve increased penetration in existing customers’ wallet 
as well as target new clients thereby improving profitability.  
Leasing  
The Bank began its leasing activities in 1990 through its subsidiary, Ethniki Leasing. In July 2013, the Group 
acquired Probank Leasing and the latter has come to recession and gradually stopped new contracts. Ethniki 
Leasing leases land and buildings, machinery, energy parks, transport equipment, furniture and appliances, 
computers and communications equipment.  
Furthermore, in 2020 and for a second consecutive year, Ethniki Leasing remains the market leader of new 
businesses being implemented amounting to €202 million, despite the COVID-19 crisis. 
More specifically, the new businesses carried out in 2020 by all Greek leasing companies amounted to €535 
million, with 37.8% covered by Ethniki Leasing. 
Factoring 
The Bank has been active in the provision of factoring services since 1994. In May 2009, Ethniki Factors 
was established as a wholly owned factoring subsidiary of the Bank, as part of its strategic decision to 
expand its factoring operations in Greece. Ethniki Factors offers a comprehensive range of factoring services 
to provide customers with integrated financial solutions and high quality services tailored to their needs. 
Banking Activities outside of Greece 
As at 30 June 2021, the Bank’s international network comprised 84 branches (including foreign subsidiaries 
and Bank branches in the United Kingdom, Cairo and Cyprus), which offer traditional banking services and 
financial products and services. The Bank has two commercial banking subsidiaries in North Macedonia and 
Malta. The Bank’s banking subsidiary in Cyprus remains as non-current assets held for sale, as discussed in 
“Planned disposals of subsidiaries under 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan commitments - National Bank of 
Greece (Cyprus) Ltd” above.  
The Bank’s international operations contributed €29 million or 4.9% of net interest income of the Group 
from continuing operations and accounted for €2.2 billion or 2.9% of the Group’s total assets excluding non-
current assets held for sale as at and for the period ended 30 June 2021. Total loans and advances to 
customers were €1.3 billion at 30 June 2021, whereas due to customer deposits amounted to €1.5 billion as at 
30 June 2021. 
Discontinued operations  
The Bank’s discontinued operations and non-current assets held for sale as at 30 June 2021 comprise the 
Bank’s subsidiary in the insurance sector NIC, the Bank’s banking subsidiary in Cyprus, NBG Cyprus and 
the Bank’s credit acquiring subsidiary in Cyprus CAC Coral Ltd. 
Issuance of debt securities 
On 8 October 2020, the Bank completed the issuance of €500 million Green Fixed Rate Resettable 
Unsubordinated MREL Notes with an annual coupon of 2.75% and a yield of 2.875%. The notes have a six-

--- Page 192 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
192 
 
 
year maturity with first reset date on completion of five years. With this transaction, the Bank demonstrated 
its commitment to supporting the green economy and its strategic direction as the Bank for green energy. 
Recent Events 
MREL Requirements 
Banks in the European Union are required to maintain a MREL which ensures that banks have sufficient 
loss-absorbing capacity in resolution. See also “Risk Factors - Application of the Minimum Requirements 
for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities under the BRRD may affect the Group’s profitability.”  
MREL is set by the resolution authorities for each supervised bank individually to ensure that a bank 
maintains at all times sufficient eligible instruments to facilitate the implementation of the preferred 
resolution strategy. Guidance on the calculation methodology is provided through the MREL policy 
published by the Single Resolution Board (the SRB). 
The SRB calibrates the MREL targets based on the appropriate reference date. This means that for setting 
MREL in a given year, the SRB will use the final supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) 
decisions and Pillar 2 requirements applicable in that year and the previous year balance sheet data, or later 
data where deemed necessary to address a relevant change in circumstances. The SRB uses transitional 
prudential values applicable at the reference date. In subsequent resolution planning cycles, the MREL target 
is re-calibrated and communicated based on the input values of the new reference date. 
MREL includes a risk- and a leverage-based dimension. MREL is not computed only as a percentage of the 
total risk exposure amount (TREA) but also as a percentage of the leverage ratio exposure (LRE). MREL is 
therefore expressed as two ratios that both have to be met: (i) as a percentage of TREA (the MREL-TREA); 
and (ii) as a percentage of the LRE (the MREL-LRE). 
Instruments qualifying for MREL are own funds (Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2), as 
well as certain eligible liabilities (mainly senior unsecured bonds). The SRMR allows the SRB to set in 
addition to the MREL requirement, a “subordination” requirement, within MREL, against which only 
subordinated liabilities and own funds count.  
The SRB sets subordination requirements in accordance with the legal framework and has developed a 
methodology to estimate No Creditor Worse Off (NCWO) risk. 
The Bank has been categorized by the SRB as a non-Pillar 1 Bank and is subject to a subordination 
requirement upon the decision of the resolution authority to avoid a breach of the NCWO principle, 
following a bank-specific assessment. The SRB uses a valuation-based approach to quantify the possible 
NCWO risk. Assessing the need for subordination depends on projections of the size and distribution of 
losses for different classes of creditors under different strategies and conditions.  
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) used to meet the MREL-TREA cannot be used to meet the Combined Buffer 
Requirement (CBR). However, the usability of the same amount of capital is unrestricted for MREL-LRE. 
The same distinction applies to the subordination requirement. 
Article 12k of the SRMR as amended by the SRMR II specifies the provisions applicable to define 
transitional periods up to 1 January 2024. In particular, all banking groups have a common deadline of 1 
January 2024 to meet their full MREL targets including subordination; and two intermediate targets, a first

--- Page 193 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
193 
 
 
binding intermediate target to be met by 1 January 2022, and a second intermediate target of informative 
nature for 1 January 2023.  
The SRB may consider a deviation from the deadline of 1 January 2024 only exceptionally, taking into 
consideration (i) whether a bank has taken all necessary steps and actions to meet its target by the deadline; 
and (ii) whether banks in the same jurisdiction have adequate access to capital markets. 
On 22 June 2021, the Bank received from the Bank of Greece the SRB’s decision regarding the binding 
MREL targets and the dates to meet the requirements. The decision was based on the 2021 MREL policy. 
The SRB has granted the Bank an extended transition period to meet its final MREL requirement, until 31 
December 2025. As a result, the Bank is subject to four intermediate targets: a binding intermediate target to 
be met by 1 January 2022, a second informative intermediate target to be met by 1 January 2023, a third 
informative target to be met by 1 January of 2024 and a fourth informative intermediate target to be met by 1 
January 2025. 
According to the MREL decision received, the Bank should meet by 31 December 2025 an MREL target of 
22.71 per cent. of TREA and 5.85 per cent. of LRE on a consolidated basis. In addition, as per the MREL 
decision the Bank should also meet by 1 January 2022 an interim binding target of 14.79 per cent. of TREA 
and 5.85 per cent. of LRE on a consolidated basis. The above requirements do not include the CBR, which 
currently stands at 3 per cent. and is expected to increase to 3.25 per cent. from 1 January 2022.  
The MREL ratio is calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a percentage of 
the institution’s TREA. Own funds, in addition to senior non-preferred and senior preferred debt instruments 
with residual maturities of more than one year, are eligible for the numerator of the MREL ratio. 
Finally, according to the MREL decision, for 2022 no subordination requirement is set for the Bank. 
National Bank of Greece signs a definitive agreement to form a joint venture partnership with EVO 
Payments, Inc. for its Merchant Acquiring Business 
NBG entered into a definite agreement with EVO Payments, Inc (EVO) to form a joint venture partnership 
for its Merchant Acquiring Business. NBG’s Merchant Acquiring Business will form the basis of a new 
company (NewCo) and EVO will acquire 51% of its share capital for a cash consideration of Euro 158 
million, valuing NBG’s Merchant Acquiring Business at Euro 310 million. In addition, there will be a long-
term exclusive distribution agreement where NBG will offer to its merchants the market-leading, card 
acceptance solutions of EVO, through its proprietary products and processing platforms. 
The closing of the transaction is subject to customary conditions precedent, including the approval of the 
transaction by the competent regulatory authorities as well as the consent of the Hellenic Financial Stability 
Fund. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
NBG Auxiliary Pension Fund (LEPETE)  
On 19 March 2020, a legislative amendment (Article 63, Law 4680/2020) on Article 24 of Greek Law 
4618/2019 was passed (the Amendment). According to the Amendment, the employees insured with NBG’s 
Auxiliary Pension Plan (LEPETE) were transferred to the former ETEAEP and are now governed by the

--- Page 194 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
194 
 
 
legislation of the Auxiliary Insurance Plan of Single Social Security Entity (e-EFKA). As a result, the Bank 
is liable for normal employer’s contributions (3.25% from 1 June 2019 to 31 May 2022 and 3.00% from 
1 June 2022 and onwards). The Bank is also obligated to pay an additional social security contribution to the 
Auxiliary Insurance Plan of e-EFKA for the years 2018 to 2032, amounting to 12.0% per annum of the gross 
salaries of employees with any employment relationship with the Bank on 31 December of each respective 
year. These additional annual contributions from the Bank were duly paid for the year 2018 by 30 June 2020 
and for the remaining years the contribution is payable by the last business day of the first quarter of each 
following year. The additional contribution for the years 2019 and 2020 is offset by the additional 
contribution paid by the Bank to the former ETEAEP pursuant to Article 24 of Greek Law 4618/2019, as in 
force prior to its replacement herein. With the payment of the above additional social security contributions, 
the obligation of the Bank to the Auxiliary Insurance Plan of e-EFKA as well as to any other third party is 
exhausted. 
There are pending legal actions against the Bank from LEPETE and former employees who are disputing the 
defined contribution nature of the plan, claiming that the Bank has an obligation to cover any deficit arising. 
The Bank appealed directly to the Supreme Court against one of the First Instance Court’s decisions. In 
December 2020, the Supreme Court issued its decisions 1238/2020 and 1239 /2020 on appeals filed by the 
Bank and the opponents which were discussed on 17 December 2019. More specifically, decision 1239/2020 
accepted the appeal of the Bank and decision 1238/2020 rejected the auxiliary appeal of the opponents. 
Legal proceedings 
The Group is a defendant in certain claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. For 
the cases for which a provision has not been recognized, Management is unable to estimate the possible 
losses because the proceedings may last for many years, many of the proceedings are in early stages, there is 
uncertainty of the likelihood of the final result, there is uncertainty as to the outcome of the pending appeals 
and there are significant issues to be resolved. However, in the opinion of the Management, after 
consultation with its legal counsel, the ultimate disposition of these matters is not expected to have a material 
adverse effect on Group’s Statement of Financial Position, Income Statement and Cash Flow Statement, 
taking into account that as at 30 June 2021, the Group has provided for cases under litigation in the amount 
of €55 million (31 December 2020: €54 million). 
Capital Requirements 
The table below sets out the capital requirements for the Group for 2021 and 2020: 
 
 
CET1 Capital Requirements 
Overall Capital Requirements 
 
2020 and 2021 post 
capital relief 
measures(1) 
2021 
2020 
2020 and 2021 
post capital 
relief measures 
2021 
2020 
Pillar 1 
4.5% 
4.5% 
4.5% 
8.0% 
8.0% 
8.0% 
Pillar 2 
3.0% 
3.0% 
3.0% 
3.0% 
3.0% 
3.0% 
Capital Conservation Buffer 
- 
2.5% 
2.5% 
- 
2.5% 
2.5% 
O-SII Buffer 
0.5% 
0.75% 
0.5% 
0.5% 
0.75% 
0.5% 
Total 
8.0% 
10.75% 
10.50% 
11.50% 
14.25% 
14.00% 
(1) CET1 threshold of 8.0% is further potentially reduced to 6.69%, given that the Bank is allowed to partially use Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 
instruments, to meet the Pillar 2 Requirements (“P2R”). 
 
The capital adequacy ratios for the Group are presented in the table below:

--- Page 195 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
195 
 
 
 
Group 
 
30.09.2021 
30.09.2021 (Pro forma1) 
31.12.2020 
Common Equity Tier 1 
14.0% 
16.5% 
15.7% 
Tier 1 
14.0% 
16.5% 
15.7% 
Total  
14.7% 
17.1% 
16.7% 
(1) Pro forma figures have been calculated including profit for the period. 
 
The capital adequacy ratios for the Group and the Bank as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020 are set out 
in Note 17 to the June 2021 Interim Financial Statements (which are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus). See also “Risk Factors – Factors that may affect the ability of the Bank to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme – The Group may not be allowed to continue to recognize the main 
part of deferred tax assets as regulatory capital or as an asset, which may have an adverse effect on its 
operating results and financial condition”. 
Internal Control System and Risk Management   
Objectives of the Internal Control System 
Aiming to safeguard the reputation and credibility of the Bank and the Group towards its shareholders, 
customers, investors and the supervisory and other independent authorities, the Board of Directors provides 
for the continuous enhancement, at Group level, of its Internal Control System (ICS).  
The ICS is designed to ensure effective and efficient operations, adequate identification, measurement and 
mitigation of risks through adequately and efficiently designed internal controls, prudent conduct of 
business, sound administrative and accounting procedures, reliability of financial and non-financial 
information reported or disclosed (both internally and externally) and compliance with laws, regulations, 
supervisory requirements and the NBG Group Internal Policies, Procedures and Regulations. 
“Internal controls” is a process effected by the Board of Directors, Senior Management, Risk Management 
and other Control Functions, as well as by the staff within the organisation to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the achievement of objectives relating to operations, reporting and compliance. The Bank uses as a 
reference the COSO 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework and the ICS is based on the five main per 
COSO components of internal control: Control Environment, Risk Assessment, Control Activities, 
Information and Communication as well as Monitoring Activities. The internal control process aims to 
create the necessary fundamentals for the entire Group to contribute to the effectiveness and high quality of 
internal control through, for instance, clear definitions, assignments of roles and responsibilities and 
methodologies, tools and procedures.  
The ICS aims to achieve, among others, the following key objectives: 
• 
consistent implementation of the Group’s business strategy through the efficient use of available 
resources; 
• 
pursuit of risk-based decision making; 
• 
identification of the Group’s process universe; 
• 
identification and management of all undertaken risks, including operational risks; 
• 
compliance with the local, European and international legal and regulatory frameworks that govern 
the operations of the Bank and the Group, including internal regulations, IT systems and a Code of 
Ethics; 
• 
adequate and efficient design of controls as well as their operating effectiveness;

--- Page 196 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
196 
 
 
• 
completeness, accuracy and reliability of data and information that are necessary for the accurate, 
timely preparation and true and fair view of the Bank and the Group’s published financial 
information and financial performance; 
• 
adoption of international corporate governance best practices; and 
• 
prevention, detection and correction of any errors and irregularities that may put at risk the 
reputation and the credibility of the Bank and the Group towards its shareholders, customers, 
investors and the supervisory and other independent authorities. 
In the context of developing the business strategy and identifying the main business risks, the Board of 
Directors, with the support of its Committees, adopts appropriate policies, procedures and regulations 
aiming to ensure an adequate and an effective ICS for the Bank and the Group.  
Management is responsible for: 
• the effective design and implementation of adequate and efficient controls arising from adequate and 
efficient procedures, relevant to the range, risks and nature of the activities undertaken by the Bank and 
the Group;  
• identifying and assessing any ICS’s deficiencies; and  
• undertaking the necessary corrective actions through the establishment of appropriate and timely action 
plans.  
Specifically, the ICS and Risk Management related activities are performed by the First and Second Line of 
Defence. The roles and responsibilities with respect to Risk Management are divided into Three Lines of 
Defence, as follows: 
• 
First Line of Defence (1LoD) includes the Business and Support Functions which are responsible for 
identifying, assessing and managing the risks and compliance obligations they undertake by 
designing and implementing adequate and efficient controls as well as by monitoring their operating 
effectiveness on a continuous basis. 
• 
Second Line of Defence (2LoD) includes the various Risk and Control Functions that monitor the 
effectiveness of risk management, the compliance obligations and the adequate and efficient design 
of controls as well as their operating effectiveness. 
• 
Third Line of Defence (3LoD) includes the Group Internal Audit Divisions (GIADs) which perform 
periodic assessments, in order to evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the Bank’s and the 
Group’s governance, risk management and internal control processes, as these are designed by the 
Board of Directors and Management. The Group Chief Audit Executive reports periodically on the 
GIADs’ activities to the Bank’s Board of Directors, through the Audit Committee.

--- Page 197 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
197 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors and the Senior Management aim at the continuous enhancement of the ICS in order 
to mitigate risk through the establishment of adequate and efficient controls and ensure effective operations. 
In this context, in 2019, in addition to the establishment of the Group Operational Risk Management 
Division and the Group Strategic Risk Management Division under the Group CRO, as discussed in section 
“Risk Management”, the Internal Control Coordination Committee (ICCC) and the Group Internal Control 
Function were established.  
Internal Control Coordination Committee 
The ICCC whose aim is to foster collaboration among the various Risk and Control Functions has as key 
objectives: 
− the enhancement of synergies across the Three Lines of Defence;  
− the adoption of a common methodology framework; 
− the monitoring and reporting of emerging risks; and 
− the monitoring and reporting of the effectiveness of the Internal Control System.  
The ICCC is coordinated by the Group Chief Audit Executive and its members are the Group Chief Risk 
Officer, the Chief Compliance and Corporate Governance Officer, the General Manger – Legal Services, the 
Group Chief Operating Officer, the Group Chief Control Officer, the Assistant General Manager – Head of 
Operations, Head of Operational Risk, the Chief Information Security Officer and the Director – Head of 
Regulatory Affairs and HFSF Relations. 
The ICCC convened seven times during 2020 and established multiple working groups to support its key 
initiatives to deal with the following matters:  
• 
Operationalisation of the newly established roles of the SRCO and URCO.  
• 
Development of a Common NBG Group Control Taxonomy. 
• 
Handling and Monitoring of the third parties’ audit findings.  
• 
Design and implementation of the common GRC Platform for the Bank and the Group and 
establishment of the “Common Rules” for its usage. 
Roles & Responsibilities for the ICS
Board of Directors 
Executive 
Audit Committee 
Board Risk 
Group Internal Audit 
Segment Risk & 
Control Officer
All Business 
Functions
Risk and Control Functions  
Oversight 
Independent periodic 
evaluation 
Overseeing, Monitoring 
and Controlling 
Identification of risks & 
obligations and  
implementation of processes  
and controls 
Core Business 
Internal  
Control 
Coordination

--- Page 198 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
198 
 
 
• 
The Common Process Framework was developed and approved and is in the process of being 
adopted by all Bank Units.    
Segment Risk and Control Officer and Unit Risk and Control Officers 
The Senior Management in its effort to further strengthen the ICS established the role of the SRCO and the 
URCO in January 2020.  
• The SRCO reports to the respective business line General Manager/Assistant General Manager, is 
independent from the respective Business Units and liaises with 2LoD and 3LoD units with main 
responsibility to coordinate efforts in order to ensure that operational risks are appropriately identified 
and assessed, the internal controls are appropriately designed and operate effectively as well as to assist in 
further enhancing the risk, compliance and control awareness and culture.  
• The URCO reports to the Head of the Division or the Independent Sector to which it belongs and 
cooperates with the responsibilities set out above with the respective SRCO of the respective business 
line. 
 
Common Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Platform 
As part of the Board of Directors and Senior Management’s efforts to further enhance the efficiency and the 
effectiveness in operational risk management, compliance and internal control activities, the Bank has 
selected an integrated GRC platform to be used by the various Risk and Control Functions (Operational Risk 
Management, Internal Control, Compliance, Information Security, Model Validation, Regulatory Affairs and 
HFSF Relations and Internal Audit). Following the common GRC Platform implementation, the Bank will 
be able to further enhance the management of its operational risks, will increase Board’s and Management’s 
oversight and will be able to use a homogenised integrated reporting tool contributing to the holistic view of 
the ICS of the Bank and the Group. The GRC Platform’s implementation is planned to be performed in 
phases due to its complexity and the number of the involved functions. Each phase is supported and closely 
monitored by a Steering Committee combining experts from all the above functions. The Steering 
Committee has established a Project Management Office to ensure the successful implementation. Phase 1 
was successfully executed in 2020 and the Model Validation Module went live successfully in December 
Audit 
Committee/ 
BRC 
Board of 
Directors 
CEO 
GM/AGM 
SRCO 
Business Functions 
2LoD & 3LoD 
Functions 
Legend 
CEO: 
Chief Executive Officer 
GM: 
General Manager 
AGM: 
Assistant General Manager 
SRCO: 
Segment Risk & Control Officer

--- Page 199 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
199 
 
 
2020. Phase 2 is currently in progress and includes the design and implementation of the Operational Risk 
Management module. 
Group Internal Control Function 
The Group ICF is mainly responsible for: 
a) Contributing to the establishment and enhancement of a robust control culture and promoting control 
awareness within the Bank and the Group. 
b) Developing the NBG Group Methodology for the Control Identification & Assessment by the Group 
Internal Control Function (NBG Group ICF Methodology) based on the mutually agreed by the 
members of the Internal Control Coordination Committee (“ICCC”), “Common Principles of 
Operational Risk and Control Assessment” for the Bank and the Group regarding roles, 
responsibilities, policies, procedures, flows of information and systems required for the appropriate 
design and the operating effectiveness of controls. 
c) Ongoing monitoring of the adequate and efficient design of controls as well as their operating 
effectiveness. 
d) Providing training and support to the Bank’s Units and the Segment Risk and Control 
Officers/Segment Risk and Control Officer Team/Unit Risk and Control Officers/Unit Risk and 
Control Officer Team in the application of the approved NBG Group ICF Methodology as well as 
providing specialised knowledge with respect to the controls. 
e) Collaborating with the Group Companies and supporting their work, in the application of the NBG 
Group ICF Methodology. 
The Group Internal Control Function consists of: 
 Loans and Branch Network Internal Control Sector; 
 IT Systems Internal Control Sector; 
 Business and Back Office Operations Internal Control Sector; and 
 Quality Assurance and Project Management Subdivision. 
During 2020, the Group Internal Control Function achieved the following:  
• Approval of the Group Internal Control Function (Group ICF) Charter: Further to the establishment 
of the Group ICF in 2019 with the purpose to ensure and enhance the adequacy and efficiency of the 
design and the operating effectiveness of controls the Group ICF Charter was approved.  
• Approval of the NBG Group ICF Methodology: In September 2020, the “NBG Group Methodology 
for the Control Identification & Assessment” by the Group Internal Control Function was approved by 
the Senior Executive Committee and the Board Audit Committee.  
• Provided guidance and training to ensure the efficient operationalisation of the newly established 
role of the SRCOs and URCOs and improved the control culture across the Bank through:  
- Training sessions on the NBG Group ICF Methodology in matters related to the control identification 
and design assessment. 
- On the job training on the implementation of the NBG Group ICF Methodology in very high and high 
priority processes as identified by the General Managers/Assistant General Managers in close 
collaboration with the SRCOs and URCOs. 
For 2021, the NBG Group Internal Control Function will focus on the following:

--- Page 200 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
200 
 
 
Group ICF Annual Activity Plan 2021 
 The Group ICF Annual Activity Plan 2021 has been approved and will focus on the control 
documentation based on the Group ICF Methodology for Very High Priority Processes for 2021, as 
identified by the GM/AGMs in close collaboration with the SRCOs.  
Development of the NBG Group Control Taxonomy 
 The development of the NBG Group Control Taxonomy will serve as one of the mutually agreed 
complementary documents to the “Common Principles of Operational Risk and Control 
Assessment”, allowing for the effective classification of controls. 
Management of risks relating to the Internal Controls over Financial Reporting process 
The Audit Committee, in accordance with the Greek Law 4449/2017, Article 44 para. 3b, is responsible for 
the oversight of the Internal Controls over Financial Reporting and reports any improvements to ensure its 
integrity to the Board of Directors. Furthermore, the Audit Committee monitors the progress of the 
corrective actions undertaken in the context of ICS including ICFR.  
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the Bank’s and Group’s financial 
statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and for such Internal 
Controls over Financial Reporting (ICFR) as Management determines are necessary to enable the 
preparation of these financial statements to be free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
 
Roles and responsibilities are clearly defined in NBG Operating Model, where the identification of Financial Reporting risks along 
with the implementation of processes and controls to mitigate these risks lie with the Business Functions and Support Functions 
while the Risk & Control Functions oversee, monitor and control the Financial Reporting risks and the Internal Controls over 
Financial Reporting process. 
Group Internal Audit 
The Group Internal Audit Function is an independent NBG Group wide function, which ensures that 
business operations reflect the Bank’s values and corporate culture and deliver its socially responsible 
strategy. Serving as the third line role, the Group Internal Audit Function provides the Board of Directors 
and the Audit Committee with independent assurance regarding the quality, adequacy and effectiveness of 
Group 
Internal 
Audit 
ICS 
Overseeing, 
Monitoring & 
Controlling 
Identification of 
Financial Reporting 
risks and 
implementation of 
processes and 
controls 
Risk 
& 
Control 
Functions 
Business 
Functions 
& Support 
Functions

--- Page 201 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
201 
 
 
the systems and related frameworks of corporate governance, risk management and internal control. The 
Group Chief Audit Executive (CAE) reports, functionally, to the Audit Committee and, administratively, to 
the CEO of NBG and has unrestricted access to both. 
The Group Internal Audit Function, through a risk-based approach and with unrestricted access to all data 
and staff of the organisation, covers all entities and activities of NBG Group. It evaluates the risk exposures 
relating to the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives, the compliance with applicable regulatory 
framework and supervisory requirements, the reliability of financial and operating information, the 
implementation of information systems and projects, the conduct of operational activities, and the 
safeguarding of assets. Special focus and priority are placed on areas of higher risk. Executive management 
is responsible for ensuring that issues raised by the Internal Audit Function are addressed within an 
appropriate and agreed timeframe.  
Group Internal Audit Function and the subsidiaries’ Internal Audit Units use: 
• 
a common audit methodology, which is in compliance with the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013) principles and the International Internal 
Auditing Standards of the Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA); 
• 
an information systems audit methodology that is based on the Control Objectives for Information 
and Related Technologies (COBIT) framework of the Information Systems Audit and Control 
Association (ISACA); and 
• 
a common web-based software platform, which allows for the effective management of the audit 
activities and provides: (i) real time monitoring of the audit function across all subsidiaries; (ii) 
information sharing among the Group’s internal auditors; and (iii) standardisation of the audit 
methodology. Moreover, audit efficiency and effectiveness is ensured through established key 
performance indicators and internal quality reviews. 
As of 31 December 2020, the Group Internal Audit Function of the Bank employed 85 internal auditors with 
in-depth knowledge and experience in banking and audit, independent to the audited activities and with no 
involvement in the design, selection, implementation or operation of the Group’s internal controls. 
Each year, the Group Internal Audit Function prepares an annual audit plan, at Group level, ensuring 
synergies and improved coverage of audit areas. The 2020 Audit Plan covered risks related to, among others, 
NPE management, ICAAP and ILAAP processes and internal risk models, retail and corporate credit, 
corporate governance, AML/KYC, IT and cybersecurity, e-banking platform, cloud outsourcing, HR 
management, compliance with new regulations (PSD II) and internal policies, anti-fraud and continuous 
auditing as well as areas impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. For 2021, the Audit Plan will focus, among 
others, on the following areas:  
Business Model Sustainability 
 
NPE management 
 
ICAAP and ILAAP processes and internal risk models 
 
COVID-19 post moratoria strategy 
 
Private Banking 
 
Cybersecurity 
 
Anti-fraud and continuous auditing.

--- Page 202 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
202 
 
 
As required by IIA standards, the Group Internal Audit Function is periodically assessed by an external 
evaluator. The conclusion of the last quality review was that Group Internal Audit “Generally Conforms” 
(highest possible IIA rating) to the international standards for the professional practice of internal auditing 
and was benchmarked among peer organisations as a very mature audit unit with a score of 4.44/5. 
Enhanced use of technology is a strategic objective for NBG’s Internal Audit Function. During 2020, Group 
Internal Audit continued to enhance its Continuous Audit and Fraud Detection software platform, 
incorporating additional multiple audit scenarios run on a daily basis. The software features artificial 
intelligence and fuzzy-logic techniques and its coverage is planned to be expanded on additional business 
areas in the following years.  
During 2020, Group Internal Audit experts, as members of a project team consisting of other Bank’s risk and 
control functions experts, participated in the implementation phase of the common Governance, Risk and 
Compliance (GRC) Platform which started within the year. The platform’s implementation will continue in 
2021 under the close coordination and monitoring of the respective project team. 
During 2020, Group Internal Audit met its strategic goals, including expansion of the use of new technology 
(new and improved anti-fraud and continuous auditing scenarios) and alignment of the audit methodology, 
initiation of staff up-skilling (adaptation to new technology and best practices) and further staff 
empowerment (through training, certification and career development). Additionally, in 2020, Group Internal 
Audit effectively adapted to the Bank’s changed operating model as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
managed to meet its objectives for the year.  
In 2020, the Group Internal Control Coordination Committee (established in 2019), convened seven times 
under the coordination of the Group CAE and continued to support the key objectives (see above “Internal 
Control Coordination Committee”) through the establishment of multiple work groups. 
Risk Management Governance Framework 
For further information, please refer to the section “Risk Management” below. 
Regulatory Compliance and Corporate Governance 
Within the context of appropriately incorporating the applicable Greek and EU legal and regulatory 
framework and best practices into the Group’s operation, Compliance and Corporate Governance Function 
oversees all compliance matters, in line with the applicable Greek and EU regulatory framework and 
supervisory authorities’ decisions, as well as all Corporate Governance and Shareholders’ activities. In 
particular, the Compliance and Corporate Governance Functions includes distinct Divisions, having 
competence over Corporate Governance, Corporate Social Responsibility Compliance and AML/CFT. The 
Compliance and Corporate Governance Function continuously monitors developments in the applicable 
framework and best practices, each in its field of responsibility, and provide guidelines and support to the 
Bank Units and the Group Entities, while it monitors implementation of the applicable provisions. In that 
context, Compliance and Corporate Governance Function in 2020 continued to focus on the establishment of 
an adequate and effective compliance environment, in order to safeguard the reputation and credibility of the 
Bank and the Group against all stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, supervisory and other 
authorities. 
In order to comply with the regulatory framework in force, the Bank has set up policies and procedures. The 
monitored areas include among others Corporate Governance, AML/CFT, Tax and other public authorities’ 
requests, consumer protection, banking secrecy, personal data protection, etc..  
Given the particular emphasis which the Group places in ensuring constant enhancement of corporate 
governance arrangements and practices applied, during 2020, the Group Corporate Governance and CSR 
Division focused on reviewing corporate governance policies, arrangements and practices (for further details 
see section “Corporate Governance Statement – A. NBG’s Corporate Governance Code” and section

--- Page 203 ---
Description of the Group 
 
 
 
203 
 
 
“Corporate Governance Statement B. NBG’s Corporate Governance Key Policies and Practices” of the 
Board of Directors Report in the Annual Financial Report for the year ended 31 December 2020 (as is 
incorporated by reference herein)), providing continuous support to the Board of Directors and Board 
Committees. 
Moreover, in the context of further enhancement of the Director’s Induction and ongoing training and 
development, Group Corporate Governance and CSR Division, updated the introductory informative 
programme for the new Board members, covering, among others, issues concerning the Bank’s Corporate 
Governance and organisational arrangements.  
The Group Corporate Governance and CSR Division also proceeded with informing the Board Corporate 
Governance and Nominations Committee on developments in the legal and regulatory framework (e.g. on 
changes introduced by Greek Law 4706/2020, the corporate governance provisions of which will, as of 
July 2021, repeal and replace those of Greek Law 3016/2002) and latest trends and practices in corporate 
governance, while it also briefed the Audit Committee on related parties’ transactions.  
Additionally, the Compliance and Corporate Governance Function also provided support, advice and 
guidance to the Bank’s Units in the context of ensuring the alignment and compliance of the Bank to the new 
regulatory framework and proceeded to action changes in policies and procedures, as well as compliance 
with EU and national legislation. Furthermore, the Compliance and Corporate Governance Function handled 
a number of projects, such as GDPR, MiFiD II, IDD, NPLs/NPEs management, PSD II, as well as Customer 
onboarding. 
Finally, the Compliance and Corporate Governance Function continued to systematically follow and monitor 
developments and compliance in accordance with the applicable framework, while in parallel also being 
involved in the submission of a series of regular and ad hoc reports to supervisory authorities and 
constituting the point of contact and liaison between the authorities and the Bank.

--- Page 204 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
204 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Risk Management Governance 
Risk management and control plays a fundamental role in the overall strategy of the Group, aiming to both 
effectively manage the risks of the organisation and to align with the legal and regulatory requirements. The 
Group aims at adopting best practices regarding risk management and governance, taking into account all 
relevant guidelines and regulatory requirements, as set by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
(BCBS), the European Banking Authority (EBA), the European Central Bank (ECB), Single Supervisory 
Mechanism (SSM), the Bank of Greece (BoG), the Hellenic Capital Market Commission (HCMC) 
legislation, as well as any decisions of the competent authorities supervising the Group’s entities. 
Group risk management at NBG has a structured and tiered approach, based on a number of governance 
bodies, internal policies and procedures, and controls framework.  
The Board of Directors bears ultimate accountability for NBG’s risk position. It signs off on the risk strategy 
and risk appetite, and monitors the effectiveness of risk governance and management advised by its two 
specialised committees: the Board Risk Committee (BRC) and the Board Audit Committee (BAC). The 
Bank’s Executive Committee (ExCo) and other committees, supporting to the Executive Committee are in 
charge of daily management actions and steer of the business. The Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is a 
member of the Executive Committee. The CRO has direct access to the Board of Directors, has delegated 
decision making authority for executive matters over risk and leads the Risk Management Function.  
The Group Risk Management Function has specialist teams per risk type. The Group Risk Management 
Function teams conduct day-to-day risk management activities according to policies and procedures as 
approved by the BRC, the Executive Committee and other committees. The perimeter is based on the 
industry standard “Three Lines of Defence” model (see “Three Lines of Defence” Model in the Group’s Risk 
Management” below). The Group Risk Management Function activities are supported by underlying systems 
and infrastructure. Risk culture is viewed as a core component of effective risk management, with the tone 
and example set by the Board of Directors and Senior Management. The Bank’s objective is to establish a 
consistent risk culture across all Units. Hence, there are four layers relevant to Risk Management, all feeding 
upwards into the Board of Directors: 
1. 
Oversight and approval 
At the top of the organisation, the members of the Board of Directors are responsible for oversight and 
approval on the governance structures of NBG, ensuring the right frameworks and policies are in place 
to ensure the Bank can be effectively managed.  
2. 
Executive management actions & sign-off 
The executive management layer (ExCo and other executive committees) decides on management 
actions, signs off on materials produced and reported, and actively steers the Bank. 
3. 
Methodology and framework 
Procedures and methodologies are in place to guide risk management, including credit approval 
procedures, model development and validation, product assessments.

--- Page 205 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
205 
 
 
4. 
Execution and analysis 
The execution layer is in charge of implementing the frameworks, models and policies set forth by the 
aforementioned layers, and provide the Board of Directors and the executive committees with relevant 
analyses and results to base their decisions upon. 
“Three Lines of Defence” Model in the Group’s Risk Management 
The Group’s risk management spans across three different levels, in order to create three lines of defence, as 
follows: 
• First line: The risk taking units (e.g. credit originating departments, Treasury) are responsible for 
assessing and minimising risks for a given level of expected return by establishing and implementing 
internal rules and controls to the on-going business.  
• Second line: The Group Risk Management Function oversees, monitors, controls and quantifies risks; 
provides appropriate tools and methodologies, coordination and assistance to lines of business; provides 
input towards the measurement of risk adjusted performance across business line; participates in the 
credit approval process for the Group’s corporate banking, retail banking and subsidiaries portfolios; 
performs independent assessment of credit risk undertaking in respect of each portfolio and has the right 
of veto; proposes appropriate risk mitigation measures, supported by local Risk Management (for 
subsidiaries) and specialised units (for the Bank). Additionally, under the Second line: 
o The Group Compliance Function monitors regulatory compliance across the Group and ensures that 
all units meet regulatory and other compliance requirements, through monitoring, advising and 
training.  
o The Group Risk Management Function cooperates with the Business Processes Division, the Group 
Internal Control Function, the Group CyberSecurity & Data Governance Division, the Group 
Security Division and the Legal Division.  
These Divisions provide support, advice, appropriate tools and methodologies, acting as control units for 
specific subcategories of operational risk (e.g. legal risk, Information & Communication Technology 
(ICT) risk) as well as ensuring the Bank’s business continuity and mitigation of physical threats. 
• Third line: The Internal Audit function of the Group, which reports directly to the Board of Directors 
through the Audit Committee, complements the risk management framework, acting as an independent 
reviewer, focusing on the effectiveness of the risk management framework and control environment. 
The duties and responsibilities of all lines of defence are clearly identified and separated, and the relevant 
Units are sufficiently independent.  
Group Risk Management 
The Bank acknowledges the need for efficient risk management and has established four specialised 
Divisions and one Unit: the NBG Group Risk Control and Architecture Division  (GRCAD), the NBG 
Group Financial and Liquidity Risk Management Division (GFLRMD), the NBG Group Operational Risk 
Management Division (GORMD), the NBG Group Strategic Risk Management Division (GSRM), and the 
Model Validation Unit (MVU), to properly identify, measure, analyse, manage and report the risks entailed

--- Page 206 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
206 
 
 
in all its business activities. All risk management units of the Group subsidiaries are coordinated by and 
adequately report to the aforementioned Divisions and Unit. 
In addition, the three Credit Divisions, which are independent of the credit granting units, are involved in the 
credit approval process for the Group’s corporate banking, retail banking and subsidiaries portfolios. They 
perform an independent assessment of the credit risk undertaking in respect of each portfolio and have the 
right of veto.  
Risk Culture Programme 
 
Risk Culture is defined as an institution’s norms, attitudes and behaviours related to risk awareness, risk 
taking and risk management, and the controls that shape decisions pertaining to risk. Risk Culture influences 
the decisions of management and employees during the day-to-day activities and has an impact on the risks 
they take.  
The objective of NBG is to establish a sound and consistent Risk Culture across all units that is appropriate 
for the scale, complexity, and nature of the Bank’s business, in line with regulatory/supervisory requirements 
and in accordance with best business practices, based on solid values which are articulated by the Group’s 
Board of Directors and the Group’s Senior Management.  
Group Risk Management Function, as part of the Risk Culture Programme, established the Risk Culture 
Framework (RCF), with the objective to define and document the principles, processes and methodologies 
that pertain to the identification, measurement, monitoring and reporting of Risk Culture in NBG. The RCF 
is a key element for the establishment of a sound Risk Culture within the Group. It constitutes an essential 
tool for the BoD and Senior Management to ensure that the Risk Culture is monitored and measured 
consistently over time and risk awareness enhancement actions are taken when necessary, while at the same 
time meets the supervisory authorities’ expectations on efficient risk governance, based on common 
perception of risk culture-related issues. 
NBG has in place an effective RCF that: 
 
Is aligned with the core HR values; 
 
Is formed by both top-down Board and Senior Management guidance and leadership, and bottom-up 
involvement of management and other stakeholders, and is understood and applied across all levels of 
the Bank; 
 
Incorporates Risk Culture Principles that are easy to communicate and assimilate; 
 
Describes the process for the definition and implementation of personnel’s risk awareness and 
corresponding behaviours’ enhancement initiatives;  
 
Incorporates a forward-looking view of the Group’s Risk Culture profile expectations by setting the 
corresponding Risk Culture Principles; 
 
Establishes the governance arrangements for updating and monitoring. 
Management of Specific Risks 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss relating to the failure of a borrower to honour its contractual 
obligations. It arises in lending activities as well as in various other activities where the Group is exposed to 
the risk of counterparty default, such as its trading, capital markets and settlement activities. Credit risk is the 
largest single risk the Group faces. The credit risk processes are conducted separately by the Bank and each 
of its subsidiaries. The credit risk procedures established by the subsidiaries are coordinated by the GRCAD.

--- Page 207 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
207 
 
 
The Group’s credit granting processes include credit-granting criteria based on the particular target market, 
the borrower or counterparty, as well as the purpose and structure of the credit and its source of repayment; 
credit limits that aggregate in comparable and meaningful manner different types of exposures at various 
levels; clearly established procedures for approving new credits as well as the amendment, renewal and re-
financing of existing credits.  
 
The Group maintains on-going credit administration, measurement and monitoring processes, including in 
particular documented credit risk policies, internal risk rating systems, information systems and analytical 
techniques that enable measurement of credit risk inherent in all relevant activities. The Group’s controls 
implemented for the above processes include proper management of the credit-granting functions; periodical 
and timely remedial actions on deteriorating credits; independent, periodic audit of the credit risk 
management processes by Group Internal Audit Division, covering in particular the credit risk 
systems/models employed by the Group.  
Additionally, the GRCAD measures and monitors credit risk on an on-going basis through documented 
credit risk policies, internal rating systems, as well as information systems and analytical techniques that 
enable measurement of credit risk inherent to all relevant activities. Thus, the Group achieves active credit 
risk management through the application of appropriate limits for exposures to a particular single or group of 
obligors; the use of credit risk mitigation techniques; the estimation of risk-adjusted pricing for most 
products and services; and a formalised validation process, encompassing all risk rating models, conducted 
by the Bank’s independent MVU. 
The Credit Policies for the Corporate and the Retail Banking portfolios of the Bank and its subsidiaries set 
the minimum credit criteria, present the fundamental policies, procedures and guidelines for the 
identification, measurement, approval, monitoring and managing of credit risk undertaken in Corporate and 
Retail Banking Portfolios respectively, both at the Bank and Group levels. 
The Credit Policy  of the Bank is approved by the Board of Directors upon recommendation of the BRC 
following proposal by the Group CRO to the Executive Committee and the BRC , and is reviewed on an 
annual basis and revised  whenever deemed necessary and in any case  every two years. 
The Credit Policies of each subsidiary are approved by the competent local boards or committees, following 
a recommendation by the responsible officers or subsidiaries’ bodies, according to the decisions of the Bank 
and the provisions of the Credit Policies. Each proposal must bear the prior consent of the Group Chief 
Credit Officer (CCO), or the Head of NBG’s Group Retail Credit Division, or the Head of NBG’s Group 
International Credit Division, depending on the portfolio, in cooperation with the Head of NBG’s Group 
Risk Control and Architecture Division for issues falling under their responsibility. The subsidiaries’ Credit 
Policies are reviewed on an annual basis and revised whenever deemed necessary and in any case every two 
years. 
Through the application of the Retail Banking Credit Policy, the evaluation and estimation of credit risk, for 
new as well as for existing products, are effectively facilitated. NBG’s Senior Management is regularly 
informed on all aspects regarding the Credit Policy. Remedial action plans are set to resolve the issues, 
whenever necessary, within the risk appetite and strategic orientation of the Bank. The Bank’s Retail 
Banking Credit Policy is approved and can be amended or revised by the Board of Directors  following 
recommendation from the BRC and is subject of periodic revision. Retail Banking Credit Policy is reviewed 
on an annual basis and revised whenever deemed necessary and in any case every two years.  All approved 
policy changes are incorporated in the Policy Manual.

--- Page 208 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
208 
 
 
Concentration Risk 
The Bank manages the extension of credit, controls its exposure to credit risk and ensures its regulatory 
compliance based on an internal limits system.  The GRCAD is responsible for limits setting, limits 
monitoring and regulatory compliance. 
The fundamental instruments for controlling Corporate Portfolio concentration are obligor limits (which 
reflect the maximum permitted level of exposure for a specific obligor, given his or her risk rating) and 
sector limits that set the maximum allowed level of exposure for any specific industry of the economy; 
industries are classified in groups on the basis of NACE (General Industrial Classification of Economic 
Activities within the European Communities) codes.  Sector limits constitute part of the Bank’s Risk 
Appetite Framework and are revised at least annually. Excesses of the Industry Concentration Limits should 
be approved by the Board Risk Committee following a proposal of the General Manager of Group Risk 
Management (Chief Risk Officer). Any risk exposure in excess of the authorized internal obligor limits 
must be approved by a higher level Credit Approving Body, based on the Credit Approval Authorities as 
presented in the Corporate Credit Policy. Both obligor limits and sector limits are subject to BRC approval 
on an annual basis.   
Credit risk concentration arising from a large exposure to a counterparty or group of connected clients whose 
probability of default depends on common risk factors is also monitored, under the Large Exposures and 
Large Debtors reporting framework. 
Finally, within the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process, the Bank has adopted a methodology to 
measure the risk arising from concentration to economic sectors (sectoral concentration) and to individual 
companies (name concentration). Additional capital requirements are calculated, if necessary, and Pillar 1 
capital adequacy is adjusted to ultimately take into account such concentration risks. 
Market Risk  
Market risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from adverse movements in 
interest rates, equity and commodity prices and exchange rates, and their levels of volatility. The Group 
engages in moderate trading activities in order to enhance profitability and service its clients. These trading 
activities create market risk, which the Group seeks to identify, estimate, monitor and manage effectively 
through a framework of principles, measurement processes and a valid set of limits that apply to all of the 
Group’s transactions. The most significant types of market risk for the Group are interest rate, equity and 
foreign exchange risk. 
Interest Rate Risk  
Interest rate risk is the risk related to the potential loss on the Group’s portfolio due to adverse movements in 
interest rates. A principal source of interest rate risk exposure stems from the interest rate, over-the-counter 
(OTC) and exchange traded, derivative transactions as well as from the trading and the held to collect and 
sell (HTCS) bond portfolios. 
The most significant contributor to market risk in the Group is the Bank. More specifically, NBG maintains a 
derivatives portfolio of mainly vanilla interest rate (IR) products, which are mostly cleared in CCPs or 
managed through bilateral ISDA/CSA agreements. Their primary function is to hedge banking book 
securities or exposure of other derivative products in the trading book. Additionally, the Bank retains 
moderate positions in Greek government bonds and T Bills, as well as in other EU sovereign and EFSF

--- Page 209 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
209 
 
 
bonds, and limited exposure to Greek and international corporate issues, mostly classified in the HTCS 
portfolio. 
Equity Risk 
Equity risk is the risk related to the potential loss due to adverse movements in the prices of stocks and 
equity indices. The Group holds a limited portfolio of stocks, the majority of which are traded on the 
ATHEX and retains positions in stock and equity index derivatives traded on the ATHEX, as well as, on 
international exchanges. The cash portfolio comprises of trading and held to collect and sell positions. The 
portfolio of equity derivatives is mainly used for hedging the equity risk stemming from the Group’s cash 
position and equity-linked products offered to customers and to a lesser extent for proprietary trading. 
Foreign Exchange Risk 
Foreign exchange risk is the risk related to the potential loss due to adverse movements in foreign exchange 
rates. The Open Currency Position (OCP) of the Bank primarily arises from foreign exchange spot and 
forward transactions. The OCP is distinguished between trading and structural. The structural OCP contains 
all of the Bank’s assets and liabilities in foreign currency (for example loans, deposits, etc.), along with the 
foreign exchange transactions performed by the Treasury Division. Apart from the Bank, the foreign 
exchange risk undertaken by the rest of the Group’s subsidiaries is insignificant. 
The Group trades in all major currencies, holding mainly short term positions for trading purposes and for 
servicing its institutional/corporate, domestic and international clientele. According to the Bank’s policy, the 
OCP should remain within the limits set by the Treasury Division and the GFLRMD at the end of each 
trading day. The same policy applies to all of the Group’s subsidiaries. 
Market risk on trading and held to collect and sell — Value-at-Risk (VaR) 
The Bank uses market risk models and specific processes to assess and quantify the portfolio’s market risk, 
based on best practice and industry-wide accepted risk metrics. More specifically, the Bank estimates the 
market risk of its Trading and HTCS portfolios using the VaR methodology. This has been implemented in 
the Bank’s risk platform which is RiskWatch by Algorithmics (currently SS&C). In particular, the Bank has 
adopted the variance-covariance (VCV) methodology, with a 99% confidence interval and a 1-day holding 
period. The VaR is calculated on a daily basis for the Bank’s Trading and HTCS portfolios, along with the 
VaR per risk type (interest rate, equity and foreign exchange risk). The VaR estimates are used internally as 
a risk management tool, as well as for regulatory purposes. The GFLRMD calculates the VaR of the Bank’s 
trading and HTCS portfolios, for internal use, on a daily basis, using the latest 75 exponentially weighted 
daily observations to construct the VCV matrices. For regulatory purposes, the calculations apply only on the 
trading portfolio and the VCV matrices are based on 252, equally weighted, daily observations. The risk 
factors relevant to the financial products in the Bank’s portfolio are interest rates, equity indices, foreign 
exchange rates and commodity prices. Additionally, the GFLRMD calculates the stressed VaR (sVaR) of the 
Bank’s trading portfolio, which is defined as the VaR, where model inputs are calibrated to historical data 
from a continuous 1-year period of significant financial stress, relevant to the Bank’s portfolio. The relevant 
VCV matrices are identified over a period starting in January 2008. Similarly to VaR, the Bank calculates 
sVaR on a daily basis, using a 1-day holding period and 99% confidence level. Finally, the GFLRMD 
calculates the VaR of the Bank’s portfolios by applying the historical simulation approach, for comparative 
purposes.

--- Page 210 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
210 
 
 
The Bank has also established a framework of VaR limits in order to control and manage the risks to which it 
is exposed in a more efficient way. These limits are based on the Bank’s Risk Appetite, as outlined in the  
Bank’s Risk Appetite Framework (RAF), the anticipated profitability of the Treasury, as well as on the level 
of the Bank’s own funds (capital budgeting), in the context of the Group strategy. The VaR limits refer not 
only to specific types of market risk, such as interest rate, foreign exchange and equity, but also to the overall 
market risk of the Bank’s Trading and HTCS portfolios, taking into account the respective diversification 
between portfolios. Moreover, the same set of limits are used to monitor and manage risk levels on the 
regulatory Trading book, on an overall basis and per risk type, since this is the aggregation level relevant for 
the calculation of the own funds requirements for market risk, under the Internal Model Approach (pursuant 
to Title IV, Chapter 5 of the Capital Requirements Regulation). 
The operation of the market risk management unit as a whole, including the VaR calculation framework, 
have been thoroughly reviewed and approved by the Bank of Greece, as well as by external advisors. Also, 
the Internal Audit assesses the effectiveness of the relevant internal controls on a regular basis. Moreover, 
the adequacy of the market risk management framework as well as the appropriateness of the VaR model 
used for the calculation of the Bank’s capital requirements, were successfully reassessed in the context of the 
Market Risk TRIM, performed by the ECB. The successful completion of the TRIM assured the use of the 
Bank’s internal model for the calculation of own funds requirements for market risk.  
The Bank is mostly exposed to interest rate risk, which is quantified through IR VaR. The evolution of the 
IR VaR depends on the sensitivity of the Bank’s Trading and HTCS portfolios to key risk factors, namely the 
euro IRS rates and the respective government yields, as well as on the level of their volatilities. 
Within the first six months of 2021, the credit spreads of the EU periphery sovereign bonds presented 
significant fluctuations. This caused the volatilities of the respective sovereign yields to rise, which 
combined with the positions held in Greek and other EU sovereign bonds in the HTCS portfolio led to higher 
VaR estimates for the Bank, albeit well below the approved limits. 
Back-testing 
The Bank performs back-testing on a daily basis, in order to verify the predictive power of the VaR model. 
In accordance with the guidelines set out in the Capital Requirements Regulation 575/2013, the calculations 
only refer to the Bank’s trading portfolio and involve the comparison of the hypothetical and actual daily 
gains/losses of the portfolio with the respective estimates of the VaR model used for regulatory purposes. 
The hypothetical gains/losses is the change in the value of the portfolio between days t and t+1, assuming 
that the portfolio remains the same between the two days. In the same context, the actual gains/losses is the 
change in the value of the portfolio between days t and t+1, including all the transactions that took place in 
day t+1, excluding fees, commissions and net interest income. 
Any excess of the hypothetical/actual losses over the VaR estimate is reported to the regulatory authorities 
within five business days. During the first six months of 2021, there were two cases in which the back-
testing result exceeded the respective VaR calculation. 
Stress Testing 
The VaR model is based on certain theoretical assumptions, which do not fully capture the potential bigger 
movements known as “tail events” in the markets.

--- Page 211 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
211 
 
 
To enhance the predictability of the Bank’s VaR model and minimise the effect of the aforementioned 
limitations, the Bank performs stress testing on a weekly basis. The aim of stress testing is to evaluate the 
gains or losses that may occur under extreme market conditions and applies on both trading and held to 
collect and sell portfolios.  
Counterparty Credit Risk 
Counterparty credit risk for the Group stems from OTC derivative and other interbank secured and 
unsecured funding transactions, as well as commercial transactions and is due to the potential failure of a 
counterparty to meet its contractual obligations. 
For the efficient management of counterparty credit risk, the Bank has established a framework of 
counterparty limits pertaining to FIs. The GFLRMD is responsible for applying these limits and monitoring 
the respective exposures. 
Counterparty limits are based on the credit rating of the financial institutions as well as the product type. The 
credit ratings are provided by internationally recognized rating agencies, in particular by Moody’s and S&P. 
According to the Bank’s policy, if the agencies diverge on the creditworthiness of a financial institution, the 
lowest credit rating is considered. 
Counterparty limits apply to all financial instruments in which the Treasury is active in the interbank market. 
The limits framework is revised according to the business needs of the Bank and the prevailing conditions in 
international and domestic financial markets. A similar limit structure for the management of counterparty 
credit risk applies across all of the Group’s subsidiaries. 
The estimation of the exposure to each counterparty depends on the type of the financial product. In the case 
of money market placements and commercial transactions, exposure is equal to the face amount of the 
transaction. In OTC transactions, exposure is calculated based on Credit Equivalent Factors, according to the 
type of transaction, its maturity, netting and collateralisation. 
The Group seeks to reduce counterparty credit risk by standardising its transactions with counterparties 
through International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) and Global Master Repurchase Agreement 
(GMRA) contracts, which encompass all necessary netting and margining clauses. Additionally, for the 
majority of the active counterparties, Credit Support Annexes (CSAs) have been signed, so that net current 
exposures are managed through margin accounts on a daily basis, by exchanging cash or debt securities as 
collateral, thus minimising counterparty credit risk. 
The Group avoids taking positions on derivative contracts where the values of the underlying assets are 
highly correlated with the credit quality of the counterparty (wrong-way-risk). 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book 
Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) is the current or prospective risk to earnings (net interest 
income) and capital due to adverse movements in interest rates affecting the banking book positions. 
Exposure to interest rate risk in the banking book arises from re-pricing mismatches between assets and 
liabilities. The Group’s banking book consists mainly of loans and advances to customers, cash and balances 
with central banks, due from banks, securities  measured at amortised cost and FVTOCI, due to customers, 
due to banks, debt securities in issue and other borrowed funds that are measured at amortised cost. The

--- Page 212 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
212 
 
 
Group maintains adequate measurement, monitoring, and control functions for interest rate risk in the 
banking book, including: 
• 
measurement systems of interest rate risk that capture all material sources of interest rate risk and 
that assess the effect of interest rate changes in ways that are consistent with the scope of the 
Group’s activities. The Group has recently upgraded its measurement capabilities in this area, 
through the implementation of a new IRRBB calculation engine; 
• 
measurement of vulnerability to loss under stressful market conditions; 
• 
processes and information systems for measuring, monitoring, controlling, and reporting interest rate 
risk exposures in the banking book; and 
• 
a documented policy regarding the management of interest rate risk in the banking book. 
IRRBB is measured, monitored and controlled by the Risk Management function (GFLRMD), based on the 
Group’s established risk appetite framework. Specifically, GFLRMD calculates a number of risk metrics for 
the purpose of monitoring and controlling IRRBB: 
• 
Net Interest Income (NII) sensitivity, a measure of the effect of interest rate changes to the Group’s 
expected interest earnings. NII sensitivity measures changes to interest income under varying 
interest rate scenarios over a one year horizon and assuming a constant balance sheet over this 
period. Its main purpose is to measure the vulnerability of the Group’s profitability to changing 
interest rates conditions; and 
• 
Economic Value of Equity (EVE) Sensitivity, a measure of the change of the net present value of the 
balance sheet due to adverse interest rate changes. EVE Sensitivity is calculated on the entire 
balance sheet under a run-off assumption, i.e., no replenishment of matured transactions. 
Both metrics are used in establishing the Group’s IRRBB capital requirements. 
Country Risk  
Country risk is the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital, caused by events in a particular 
country which are at least to some extent under the control of the government but definitely not under the 
control of a private enterprise or individual. The main categories of country risk consist of sovereign risk, 
convertibility risk and transfer risk. Sovereign risk stems from a foreign government’s lack of capacity 
and/or willingness to repay its debt or other obligations. Convertibility and transfer risk arise when a 
borrower is unable to convert funds from local to foreign currency in order to repay external obligations. 
Therefore, country risk refers to all cross-border transactions, either with a central government, or with a 
financial institution, a corporate or a retail client. 
The on and off balance sheet items which potentially entail country risk are the following: 
• 
participation in the equity of the Group’s subsidiaries, which operate in other countries; 
• 
interbank secured and unsecured placements and the risk that arises from OTC transactions, with 
financial institutions which operate abroad;

--- Page 213 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
213 
 
 
• 
loans to corporations or financial institutions that operate abroad, positions in corporate bonds and 
cross-border project finance loans; 
• 
funded and unfunded commercial transactions with foreign counterparties; and 
• 
holdings of foreign sovereign debt. 
In this context, the Bank’s exposure to country risk arises from the participation in the Group’s subsidiaries 
operating abroad, the Bank’s holdings in foreign sovereign bonds and cross border activities in the form of 
interbank/commercial transactions and corporate lending.  
GFLRMD monitors country risk exposure on a daily basis, mainly focusing on the countries where the 
Group has presence. Country risk has been decreasing in recent years, as the Bank is divesting international 
subsidiaries in accordance with its Restructuring Plan. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from the 
institution’s inability to meet its liabilities when they come due without incurring unacceptable losses. 
It reflects the potential mismatch between incoming and outgoing payments, taking into account unexpected 
delays in repayments (term liquidity risk) or unexpectedly high outflows (withdrawal/call risk). Liquidity 
risk involves both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding of the portfolio of assets at 
appropriate maturities and rates, and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner and 
on reasonable terms. 
The Bank’s executive and senior management has the responsibility to implement the liquidity risk strategy 
approved by the Board Risk Committee (BRC) and to develop the policies, methodologies and procedures 
for identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling liquidity risk, consistent with the nature and 
complexity of the relevant activities. The Bank’s executive and senior management is informed about current 
liquidity risk exposures, on a daily basis, ensuring that the Group’s liquidity risk profile stays within the 
approved levels. 
In addition, top management receives, on a daily basis, a liquidity report which presents a detailed analysis 
of the Group’s funding sources, counterbalancing capacity, cost of funding and other liquidity metrics related 
to the RAF, Recovery Plan and Contingency Funding Plan. Moreover, the Asset Liability Committee 
(ALCO) monitors the gap in maturities between assets and liabilities, as well as the Bank’s funding 
requirements based on various assumptions, including conditions that might have an adverse impact on the 
Bank’s ability to liquidate investments and trading positions and its ability to access the capital markets. On 
a long term perspective, the Loans-to-Deposits ratio is monitored. This ratio stood at 51.8% and 52.8% as of 
30 June 2021, on a domestic (Greece) and on a Group level, respectively. 
Since liquidity risk management seeks to ensure that the respective risk of the Group is measured properly 
and is maintained within acceptable levels then, even under adverse conditions, the Group must have access 
to funds necessary to cover customer needs, maturing liabilities and other capital needs, while 
simultaneously maintaining the appropriate counterbalancing capacity to ensure the above. In addition to the 
Bank’s liquidity buffer, the rest of the Group’s subsidiaries maintain an adequate liquidity buffer, well above 
10% of their total deposits, which ensures their funding self-sufficiency in case of a local crisis.

--- Page 214 ---
Risk Management 
 
 
 
214 
 
 
The Bank’s principal sources of liquidity are its deposit base, Eurosystem funding currently via the MROs 
and the TLTROs with ECB and repos with major foreign Financial Institutions (FIs). ECB funding and 
repos with FIs are collateralised mainly by high quality liquid assets, such as EU sovereign bonds, Greek 
government bonds and T-Bills, as well as by other assets, such as highly rated corporate loans and covered 
bonds issued by the Bank. 
NBG’s liquidity position has been, and continues to be, tested in real stressed conditions during the COVID-
19 crisis. The stability of the Bank’s funding sources, combined with the level of its liquidity buffer which 
stood at €15.2 billion (cash value) as at 30 September 2020, and LCR and NSFR ratios well above 100 per 
cent., further underpin the quality, as well as the resilience of the Bank’s overall liquidity profile. The 
improved funding structure is marked by the inflow of stable retail deposits, the increase of stable long-term 
funding through the cheaper TLTRO III ECB refinancing operations and full access to the secured interbank 
markets. Moreover, LCR and NSFR, as well as the Bank’s liquidity buffer currently stand at the highest 
historical levels while cost of funding has significantly decreased to a historically low level. 
Insurance risk 
The insurance contracts issued by the Parent Company and the Group include either insurance or financial 
risk. The risk under any insurance policy is the possibility of the insured event resulting in a claim. By the 
very nature of an insurance policy, risk is based on fortuity and is therefore unpredictable. 
The principal risk that the Group may face under its insurance contracts is that the actual claims and benefit 
payments or the timing thereof, differ from expectations. This could occur because the frequency and/or 
severity of claims is greater than estimated. Depending on the insurance product, this risk is influenced by 
macroeconomic changes, changes in customer behaviour, changes in public health, pandemics and 
catastrophic events such as earthquakes, industrial disasters, fires, riots or terrorism. 
The above risk exposure is mitigated by diversification across a large portfolio of insurance policies. The 
variability of risks is also improved by the careful selection and implementation of the Group’s underwriting 
policy, reinsurance strategy and internal guidelines, within an overall risk management framework. Pricing is 
based on assumptions and statistics and the Group’s empirical data, taking into consideration current trends 
and market conditions and past experience. 
Reinsurance arrangements include facultative, treaty (proportional or other) and catastrophe coverage. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk (OR) is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events. This definition includes legal risk, excludes strategic and business risk, but 
takes into consideration the reputational impact of OR. 
Operational risk is inherent to all products/services, activities, processes and systems and is generated in all 
business and support areas.  
NBG has established a sound Operational Risk Management Framework (ORMF), consistent with best 
practices and compliant with regulatory requirements and internal governance policies. It provides the 
foundations, principles and governance arrangements for designing, implementing, monitoring, reviewing 
and continually strengthening operational risk management throughout the Group. ORMF is aligned with the

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
NBG Group Risk Appetite Framework and aims to facilitate a more informed risk decision-making process, 
resulting in the optimum handling of operational risk. 
The ORMF governance structure is based on the three lines of defence (LoD) model placing particular 
emphasis on the role of the first line of defence, the Business Units that are responsible and accountable for 
directly identifying, assessing, controlling and mitigating operational risk within their business activities in 
compliance with the Bank’s standards and policies. 
Operational risk management is integrated into the day-to-day business, adding value to the organisation by 
applying a proactive approach. A series of techniques and programmes have been defined by the Group in 
order to identify, measure and assess operational risk. The key components of the ORMF are the following: 
• 
The Risks and Controls Self-Assessment (RCSA) process; it is a recurring, forward looking 
process performed at least on an annual basis aiming at the identification and assessment of the 
operational risks faced by the Group. The scope of RCSA extends to all business lines, thereby to all 
business, support or specialized Units; 
• 
The Internal Events Management process; NBG requires accurate and timely knowledge of 
operational risk related internal events and has therefore established an appropriate event 
management process that covers the event life cycle, comprising the event identification, 
categorization, analysis, on-going management, remediation actions and reporting; 
• 
The Key Risk Indicators definition and monitoring process; NBG defines Key Risk Indicator as 
(KRI) any simple or combined data variable, which allows the assessment of a situation exposing 
the Bank to operational risk, as well as its trend, by monitoring/comparing its values over time. 
Therefore, KRIs are metrics providing early warning signs detecting potential risks and 
vulnerabilities in the activities of the Bank; 
• 
The Scenario Analysis process; NBG defines Risk Scenario the creation of a potential event or 
consequence of events that expose the organisation to significant operational risks and can lead to 
severe operational losses. Scenario Analysis is the process that reveals all the long term exposures to 
major and unusual operational risks which can have substantial negative impacts on the 
organization’s profitability and reputation; 
• 
The Training Initiatives and Risk Culture awareness actions; Group Operational Risk 
Management Division designs and implements training programmes on operational risk and the 
ORMF, the use and implementation of programmes, methods and systems as well as other actions 
aiming at knowledge sharing and the establishment of OpRisk culture Group-wide.  
The implementation of the ORMF and its programmes aims to continuously improve the control 
environment, implies proactive operational risk managment and strengthens the Group’s risk culture.

--- Page 216 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
216 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
Board of Directors of the Bank 
The Bank is managed by the Board of Directors (the Board), which is responsible for ensuring strategic 
direction, management supervision and adequate control of the Bank, with the ultimate goal of increasing the 
long-term value of the Bank and protecting the corporate interest at large, in compliance with the current 
legislation and regulatory framework, including the provisions of the Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF and the obligations of the Bank towards the Monitoring Trustee. 
The Board’s tasks, key responsibilities and authorities are set out in Greek Law 4548/2018, Greek Law 
4261/2014, EU Regulation 468/2014, Greek Law 4706/2020, Greek Law 3864/2010, each as in force, and 
the Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF and in the Bank’s Articles of 
Association and in its Corporate Governance Code. 
Appointment of Directors and Operation of the Board 
The members of the Board are elected by the Bank’s General Meeting of Shareholders for a term that cannot 
exceed three years and ends at the ordinary General Meeting of the Shareholders in the year in which such 
term expires. Uneven terms of office may be provisioned for each Director, insofar as this is prescribed by 
the current legal and regulatory framework. All members can be re elected. The General Meeting of 
Shareholders determines each time the exact number of the members of the Board and its independent 
members. 
A HFSF representative also participates in the Bank’s Board, in line with Greek Law 3864/2010, as in force. 
In accordance with the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF, 
signed in December 2015, the HFSF is also entitled to the appointment of an observer without voting rights 
(the HFSF Observer). 
Furthermore, until 22 July 2016, pursuant to the Bank’s participation in the Hellenic Republic Bank Support 
Plan Greek Law 3723/2008, the Hellenic Republic had the right to participate in the Board through the 
appointment of a representative. As the Bank no longer benefits from any support under the Hellenic 
Republic’s Bank Support Plan, the Bank is no longer subject to the provisions of Greek Law 3723/2008 and 
the representation of the Hellenic Republic on the Bank’s Board has been ceased. 
In June 2017, an Employees’ representative was appointed as observer in the Board (the Observer 
Employee Representative) with all rights of a board member except voting rights. The Observer Employee 
Representative has consultation rights on the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee agenda, 
monthly access to the Chair of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee to discuss proposals or 
matters of concern and the right to address the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee on request. 
Moreover, as of July 2019 the Bank’s Board of Directors established the role of Senior Independent Director, 
who is selected from among its independent non-executive members. The duties of the Senior Independent 
Director, as foreseen in the Bank’s Corporate Governance Code, indicatively include: acting as a sounding 
board for the Chairman and serving as an intermediary for the other Directors; being a key point of contact 
for shareholders, regulators and other stakeholders along with the Chairman of the Board; coordinating the 
non-executive Board members, and discussing with other Directors issues on which the Chairman might 
have a conflict of interest and acting as intermediary between Directors and the Chairman, as necessary; 
acting as a facilitator to facilitate and improve relations with shareholders and to assist in the resolution of 
conflict in case of crisis or in case of dispute, when for instance: i) there is a dispute between the Chairman 
and the Chief Executive Officer; ii) shareholders or non-executive directors have expressed concerns that are 
not being addressed by the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer; or iii) the relationship between the

--- Page 217 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
217 
 
 
Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer is particularly close; and leading the annual evaluation of the 
Chairman according to the Bank’s Board Evaluation Policy.  
NBG has been the first Bank in Greece to establish the role of Senior Independent Director, while, since the 
initial establishment in 2019, the Board, with the support of the Corporate Governance and Nominations 
Committee, has thoroughly discussed and further detailed the role of the Senior Independent Director, taking 
into account regulatory provisions, international best practices and relevant guidelines provided by the 
Hellenic Financial Stability Fund (HFSF). 
Responsibilities of the Board 
Among other matters, the Board is responsible for: 
• 
reviewing and approving the strategic direction of the Bank and the Group, including the business 
plan, the annual budget and the key strategic decisions as well as providing guidance to the Bank’s 
and the Group’s Management; 
• 
reviewing the Group’s corporate structure, monitoring its embedded risks and ensuring the 
cohesiveness and effectiveness of the Group’s corporate governance system; 
• 
acquiring shareholdings in other banks in Greece or abroad, or divestment thereof; 
• 
establishing branches, agencies, and representation offices in Greece and abroad; 
• 
establishing associations and foundations under Article 108 and participating in companies falling 
under Article 784 of the Greek Civil Code; 
• 
approving the Bank’s internal labour regulations; 
• 
nominating General Managers and other executives of the Bank, as appropriate in line with the 
applicable framework and accordingly following proposals by the Bank’s responsible bodies; 
• 
reviewing and approving the Group and the Bank’s annual and interim financial report; 
• 
issuing Bonds of any type, with the exception of those for which the Bank’s General Meeting is 
exclusively responsible in accordance with the Greek law; 
• 
approving and reviewing a Code of Ethics for the employees of the Bank and the Group and the 
Code of Ethics for financial professionals; 
• 
approving the Bank’s and the Group’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy; and 
• 
approving and reviewing the Group Remuneration Policy upon decision of its non-executive 
members, following recommendation by the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee of the 
Board. 
Moreover, pursuant to Article 10 of Greek Law 3864/2010 (the HFSF Law), both as in force, as well as 
according to the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement entered into with the HFSF, the 
representative of the HFSF may, inter alia, veto the decision making process of the Board in relation to 
dividend allocation and remuneration of the Chairman of the Board and Board members, the Chief Executive 
Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officers as well as the General Managers and their substitutes.  
The Bank’s Board is supported by six Board Committees, which have been established and operate for this 
purpose, namely the Strategy and Transformation Committee, the Board Risk Committee, the Audit

--- Page 218 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
218 
 
 
Committee, the Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, the Human Resources and 
Remuneration Committee and the Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee. The Board Committees 
operate in accordance with their applicable legislation and regulatory framework applicable in each case, 
including, where applicable, the provisions of the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement between 
the Bank and the HFSF and the obligations of the Bank towards the Monitoring Trustee. (See “Board 
Committees” below). 
Board Structure 
Pursuant to Greek Law 3864/2010 and the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank 
and the HFSF, the HFSF participates in the Board through the appointment of a representative (the HFSF 
Observer, as described above). As notified to the Bank by HFSF's Letter dated 23 July 2018, the duties of the 
HFSF's Representative, in the context of Law 3864/2010, are exercised by Mr Periklis Drougkas. The HFSF 
representative is entitled to participate in Board Committees and committees which do not solely comprise 
executive members, and has the rights and authorities prescribed by Greek Law 3864/2010 as in force and 
the Relationship Framework Agreement between the National Bank of Greece and the HFSF. 
In the context of overseeing the implementation of the restructuring plan of the banking sector, and 
specifically, the implementation of any other commitments undertaken by the Greek Government relating to 
the Bank’s operations, Grant Thornton has been appointed as “Monitoring Trustee” with a view to ensuring 
compliance of the Bank with the aforesaid commitments. (See also below “Monitoring Trustee” and 
“Description of the Group – History and Development of the Group – Revised Restructuring Plan as 
approved by the Directorate General for Competition on 10 May 2019 (the 2019 Revised Restructuring 
Plan)”). The Monitoring Trustee is entitled to participate as an observer in meetings of the Board and certain 
Board/Executive Committees and has full access to any of the Bank’s records including board minutes.  
Given that the three-year term of the entire NBG Board of Directors was due to end at the Annual General 
Meeting of 2021, the Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s Shareholders held on 30 July 2021 elected a 
new Board of Directors with a term of three years, i.e. through to the Annual General Meeting of 2024. On 
the same day, the new Board of Directors convened and constituted into a body, in line with the law and the 
Bank’s Articles of Association. 
The following table sets forth the current Board: 
 
Name 
Position in Board 
Start of 
Term* 
End 
of 
Term 
Profession/ 
Main Expertise, 
Experience 
Principal 
activities 
performed outside of 
NBG 
Board of Directors of the Bank

--- Page 219 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
219 
 
 
 
Gikas 
Hardouvelis 
 
Chair (Non-executive 
Member) 
 
30 July 2021 
 
2024 
 
Chair of the 
Board 
Professor/ 
Economist/Risk, 
Strategy and 
Corporate 
Governance 
Experience 
 
Professor, Department 
of Banking and 
Financial Management 
at the University of 
Piraeus, First Vice Chair 
of the Board of 
Directors and member 
of the Executive 
Committee of the 
Foundation for 
Economic and Industrial 
Research (IOBE), 
participation in the 
Board of Trustees of 
Anatolia College, 
Member of the 
Academic Council of 
Cyprus International 
Institute of Management 
and Research Fellow at 
the Centre for Economic 
Policy Research, 
London 
 
Executive members 
 
 
 
 
 
Pavlos 
Mylonas
 
 
 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
30 July 2021 
 
 
2024 
 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
- 
 
Christina 
Theofilidi 
 
Executive Board 
Member 
 
30 July 2021 
 
2024 
 
Executive Board 
Member 
- 
 
Independent  
Non-Executive  
Members 
 
 
 
 
 
Claude Piret  
Senior 
Independent 
Director 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Expert Member 
as prescribed by 
Art.10 of Greek 
Law 3864/2010 
as in force. Risk 
experience/ 
Financial 
Services 
 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Saint Pierre Hospital in 
Belgium

--- Page 220 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
220 
 
 
 
Wietze 
Reehorn 
 
Independent  
Non-Executive 
Member 
 
30 July 2021 
 
2024 
 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Expert Member 
as prescribed by 
Art. 10 of Greek 
Law 3864/2010 
as in force. Risk, 
Strategy and 
Corporate 
Governance 
Experience 
 
 
 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
MUFG Bank (Europe) 
N.V. (MBE), Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
of 
MUFG 
Securities (Europe) NV, 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
Anthos Private Wealth 
Management 
B.V., 
participation as member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Council 
of 
Rijksuniversiteit 
Groningen and of Frans 
Hals 
Museum, 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Council of 
Stichting 
Topsport 
Community, 
participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
ABE Bonnema Stichting 
and member/Director of 
Koninklijke 
Hollandsche 
Maatschappij 
der 
Wetencchappen 
 
Aikaterini 
Beritsi 
Independent 
Non-
Executive Member 
30 July 2021 
2024 
Corporate 
Governance 
Experience 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
EYDAP S.A. 
 
Avraam 
Gounaris 
 
Independent  
Non-Executive 
Member 
 
30 July 2021 
 
2024 
 
Economist/ 
Financial 
Services 
 
 
 
-

--- Page 221 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
221 
 
 
 
Anne Marion 
Bouchacourt 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent  
Non-Executive    
Member 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30 July 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Expert Member 
as prescribed by 
Art. 10 of Greek 
Law 3864/2010 
as 
in 
force. 
Human 
Resources 
and 
Culture 
Experience 
 
 
Chair 
of 
Societe 
Generale 
Private 
Banking 
Switzerland 
and she also acts as 
Societe Generale Group 
Country 
Head 
for 
Switzerland and CEO of 
Societe 
Generale 
Zurich, Participation in 
Board of Directors of 
Ipsos and Credit du 
Nord, 
President 
of 
Conseillers 
du 
Commerce extérieur de 
la France (Suisse),  
Member of the Board of 
the 
‘Association 
des 
banques étrangères en 
Suisse’  
Elena 
Ana 
Cernat 
 
 
 
 
Matthieu Kiss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jayaprakasa 
(JP) 
Rangaswami 
 
 
 
 
Independent  
Non-Executive 
Member 
 
 
 
Independent  
Non-Executive 
Member 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Independent  
Non-Executive 
Member 
 
30 July 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
30 July 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30 July 2021 
2024 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 
Banking/Digital 
Banking 
Experience 
 
 
 
Independent 
Non-Executive 
Expert Member 
as prescribed by 
Art. 10 of Greek 
Law 3864/2010 
as in force. Audit 
Experience 
 
 
 
IT/ 
Digital 
Transformation 
Experience 
 
 
 
 
 
CEO of Alior Bank 
Warsaw-Bucharest 
Branch and participation 
in Board of Directors of 
Yoga Vidya Romania 
 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
HSBC 
Insurance 
France, 
HSBC 
Asset 
Management France and 
Europe Arab Bank S.A. 
(EAB) 
 
 
 
 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Admiral 
Group 
plc, 
Allfunds 
Bank 
SA, 
Daily Mail and General 
Trust plc, EMIS Group 
plc, Board Chairman at 
Web 
Science 
Trust, 
Member of Trust Board 
of Cumberland Lodge, 
Adjunct Professor at the 
University 
of 
Southampton 
 
Non Executive - Representative of 
the HFSF (Greek Law 3864/2010) -

--- Page 222 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
222 
 
 
 
Periklis 
Drougkas
 
 
 
Representative of the 
HFSF 
 
30 July 2021 
 
2024 
 
Economist 
 
Participation 
in 
the 
Board of Directors of 
Tirana Bank ShA 
 
Secretary Board of Directors  
 
 
 
 
 
Panos 
Dasmanoglou 
 
 
30 July 2021 
 
2024 
 
General Manager 
of 
Group 
Compliance and 
Corporate 
Governance 
 
- 
 
* Date of election of the Members of the Board by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 2021. 
During 2021, the following changes took place as regards composition of the Board: 
• 
During the Board of Directors’ session held on 22 April 2021, the Board decided that until the 
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 2021, Mr. Claude Piret would be discharging the duties of 
Senior Independent Director. 
• 
On 30 July 2021, at the Bank’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, the term of Mr. Costas 
Michaelides expired. On the same date, Mr. Gikas Hardouvelis was elected as the Non-Executive 
Chairman of the Board of Directors. Furthermore, the same Annual General Meeting of 
Shareholders appointed Ms. Aikaterini Beritsi and Mr. JP Rangaswami, previously Non-Executive 
Members of the Board, as Independent Non-Executive Members of the Board. 
HFSF influence 
Pursuant to the HFSF Law and the Presubscription Agreement dated 28 May 2012, as amended and restated 
on 21 December 2012, the HFSF initially appointed a representative on the Bank’s Board in 2012. The 
HFSF representative, according also to the stipulations of the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement 
between the Bank and the HFSF, participates in the Board Committees. Additionally, according the 
provisions of the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement between the Bank and the HFSF, the HFSF 
also appoints an Observer to the Board and Board Committees (without voting rights).  
Pursuant to the 2015 Recapitalisation, the HFSF participated in the Bank’s recapitalisation by contributing 
ESM notes and acquiring in exchange common shares with full voting rights representing 38.92% of the 
share capital of the Bank, and CoCos which were fully repaid on 15 December 2016. Additionally, the HFSF 
retains common shares with restrictions on the exercise of voting rights, as per Article 7a of the HFSF Law 
as in force, corresponding to 1.47% of the share capital of the Bank, which could have full voting rights 
shares upon certain conditions. 
Subject to the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement applicable law and the Bank’s Articles of 
Association, the Bank’s decision making bodies will continue to determine independently, amongst others, 
the Bank’s commercial strategy and policy in compliance with the applicable Revised Restructuring Plan and 
the decisions on the day to day operation of the Bank will continue to rest with the Bank’s competent bodies 
and officers, as the case may be, in accordance with their statutory, legal and fiduciary responsibilities. 
Monitoring Trustee 
From January to February 2013, monitoring trustees (each, a Monitoring Trustee), acting on behalf of the 
European Commission, were appointed in all banks under restructuring—including the Bank, in accordance

--- Page 223 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
223 
 
 
with the commitments undertaken by the Hellenic Republic towards the European Commission in 2012, 
regarding banks under restructuring, in the Memorandum of Economic and Financial Policies, contained in 
the First Review of the Second Economic Adjustment Programme for Greece. 
The Monitoring Trustees are respected international auditing or consulting firms approved by the European 
Commission on the basis of their competence, their independence from the banks and the absence of any 
potential conflict of interest. In each credit institution under restructuring, the Monitoring Trustees work on 
behalf and under the direction of the European Commission, within the terms of reference agreed with the 
European Committee (EC), ECB and IMF staff. 
Grant Thornton has been the Bank’s Monitoring Trustee since 16 January 2013. 
The commitments undertaken in 2012 were updated and included as an Annex in the 2014 Restructuring 
Plan. The commitments were further updated in December 2015 and included as an Annex in the 2015 
Revised Restructuring Plan. On 10 May 2019, the Directorate General for Competition of the European 
Commission approved the Bank’s 2019 Revised Restructuring Plan. 
In addition to the appointment of Monitoring Trustees, the commitments undertaken by the Greek 
government are outlined in “Description of the Group – History and Development of the Group – Revised 
Restructuring Plan as approved by the Directorate General for Competition on 10 May 2019 (the 2019 
Revised Restructuring Plan)” above. 
The commitments include those commitments regarding the implementation of the restructuring plan and the 
commitments on corporate governance and commercial operations. The fulfilment of the Restructuring 
Commitments is under the approval of the Directorate General for Competition of the European 
Commission. The commitments apply throughout the restructuring period unless the individual commitment 
states otherwise. The Monitoring Trustee has the duty to monitor the Bank’s compliance with the 
Commitments. 
The Monitoring Trustee receives monthly updates from the Bank, and the progress towards the fulfilment of 
the Restructuring Commitments is being evaluated. 
The Trustee monitors closely the Bank’s commercial practices. The Monitoring Trustee participates as an 
observer in meetings of the Board and certain Board/Executive Committees and has full access to any of the 
Bank’s records including Board minutes. 
Board Committees 
Six Committees, namely the, the Audit Committee, the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee , 
the Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, the Risk Committee, the Strategy and 
Transformation Committee and the Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee, have been set up and 
operate at Board level. The Committee members are remunerated annually for their participation in each 
Committee. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee was established in 1999 and operates in accordance with the provisions of the Bank of 
Greece Governor’s Act No. 2577/2006 and Greek Law 4449/2017 (Article 44), as in force. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
 Chair 
Matthieu Kiss 
Vice Chair 
Claude Piret

--- Page 224 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
224 
 
 
Member 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Member 
Avraam Gounaris 
Member 
JP Rangaswami 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Human Resources and Remuneration Committee 
The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee (HRRC) was established by Board decision (meeting 
no. 1259/5 May 2005). 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Anne Marion-Bouchacourt 
Vice Chair 
Elena Ana Cernat  
Member 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Member 
JP Rangaswami 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee 
The Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee (CGNC) was established by Board decision 
(meeting no. 1259/5 May 2005).  
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Vice Chair 
 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
 
Member 
Claude Piret 
Member 
Anne Marion Bouchacourt 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Board Risk Committee 
The Board Risk Committee (BRC) was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1308/20 July 2006) in 
accordance with the requirements of Bank of Greece Governor’s Act No. 2577/9 March 2006. The 
Committee has a dual role, having specific competence also over NPLs/NPEs and operating also as the 
Bank’s special Committee that deals with NPLs in accordance with Article 10 paragraph 8 of Greek Law 
3864/2010, as in force.  
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Claude Piret 
Member 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Member 
Matthieu Kiss 
Member 
Elena Ana Cernat 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative)

--- Page 225 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
225 
 
 
Strategy & Transformation Committee 
The Strategy Committee was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1387/29 September 2009) and was 
renamed to Strategy and Transformation Committee by Board Decision (meeting no. 1622/26 July 2018). 
The Committee supports the executive Board members in developing the Group’s strategic options, assists 
the Board in taking decisions on all issues related to the Group strategy and regularly reviews the 
implementation of the Group’s strategy by the Group’s management team.  
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Vice Chair 
Wietze Reehoorn 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Member 
Claude Piret 
Member 
Matthieu Kiss 
Member 
Avraam Gounaris 
Member 
Member 
Elena Ana Cernat 
Anne Marion-Bouchacourt 
Member 
JP Rangaswami 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
Compliance, Ethics & Culture Committee 
The Ethics and Culture Committee was established by Board decision (meeting no. 1622/26 July 2018) with 
the purpose of promoting highest standards of ethics and integrity in accordance with international best 
practices and was renamed to Compliance, Ethics and Culture Committee by Board Decision in October 
2020 (meeting no. 1685/22 October 2020) with the purpose of adopting a holistic compliance supervisory 
approach at Board level. 
The Compliance, Ethics & Culture Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chair 
Avraam Gounaris 
Vice 
Chair 
Member 
Member 
JP Rangaswami 
Aikaterini Beritsi 
Anne Marion-Bouchacourt 
Member 
Matthieu Kiss 
Member 
Periklis Drougkas (HFSF representative) 
 
Executive Committees 
Senior Executive Committee 
The Senior Executive Committee was established in 2004 and operates via specific Charter. It is the supreme 
executive body that supports the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank in his duties. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member 
Christina Theofilidi 
Executive Member of the BoD & General 
Manager of Retail Banking

--- Page 226 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
226 
 
 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and 
Investment Banking 
Member 
Vasileios   Kavalos 
General Manager - Group Treasury and 
Financial Markets 
Member 
Fotini Ioannou  
General Manager - Troubled Assets Unit 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk 
Management, Chief Risk Officer 
Member 
Christos Christodoulou 
General Manager, Group CFO 
Member 
Stratos Molyviatis 
 
General Manager, Chief Operations Officer 
Member 
Ernestos Panayiotou 
General Manager – Transformation, 
Strategy & International Activities 
Member without voting rights 
Panos Dasmanoglou 
General Manager of Group Compliance and 
Corporate Governance 
Member without voting rights 
Georgios Triantafillakis 
General Manager of Legal Services 
An Extended Executive Committee also operates which, additionally to the above members, is comprised of 
the following members: 
 
Member 
Evi Hatzioannou 
General Manager of Group Human 
Resources 
 
Member 
 
Ioannis Kyriakopoulos* 
General Manager, Group Real Estate 
 
 
 
Member 
 
Chara Dalekou 
General Manager of Group Marketing 
Member 
Kostas Adamopoulos 
Assistant General Manager – Strategic 
Transactions 
Member 
Beate Randulf 
Assistant General Manager - Chief Control 
Officer 
 
* Mr Ioannis Kyriakopoulos participates in the Board of Directors of Athens Exchange Group and Prodea 
Real Estate Investment S.A. (Prodea) 
Asset and Liability Committee 
ALCO was established in 1993. The Committee’s key purpose is to establish the Bank’s and its Group 
financial sector entities’ strategy and policy as to matters relating to the structuring and management of 
assets and liabilities taking into account the current regulatory framework and market conditions, as well as 
the risk limits set by the Bank. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 227 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
227 
 
 
 
Deputy Chairman & 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk 
Management, Chief Risk Officer 
 
Member 
Christina Theofilidi 
Executive Member of the BoD & General 
Manager of Retail Banking 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and 
Investment Banking 
 
Member 
Christos Christodoulou 
General Manager, Group CFO 
Member 
Vasileios Kavalos 
General Manager - Group Treasury and 
Financial Markets 
 
 
 
 
The Committee convenes regularly once a month or extraordinarily, at the invitation of its Chairman. 
At the invitation of its Chairman, it is possible for other executives of the Bank and the Group to attend its 
meetings. 
The Committee members do not receive any remuneration for their participation in the Committee. 
Executive Credit Committee 
The Executive Credit Committee was established in 2008 and its purpose is the optimisation and the sound 
operation of the risk taking limits. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members*: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member 
Vassilis Karamouzis 
General Manager of Corporate and Investment Banking 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk Management, Chief Risk 
Officer 
Member 
Constantinos Vossikas 
General Manager, Chief Credit Officer 
 
* In the case of meetings where issues regarding corporate special assets are discussed, Mrs Fotini Ioannou, 
General Manager of the Troubled Assets Unit, participates in the Committee. 
Provisions and Write Offs Committee 
The Committee was established in 2010. Its purpose is the decision making process on the provisions and 
write offs of Group claims of any nature, which are considered by the Committee to be liable for a loss in 
value in accordance with the relevant “Provisions and Write Offs Policy” of the Group. 
The Committee is comprised of the following members: 
 
Chairman 
Pavlos Mylonas 
Chief Executive Officer 
Member 
Christos Christodoulou 
General Manager, Group CFO

--- Page 228 ---
Management and Employees 
 
 
 
228 
 
 
Member 
Ioannis Vagionitis 
General Manager of Group Risk Management, 
Chief Risk Officer 
 
Potential Conflicts of Interests 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Bank of the persons listed above and 
their private interests and/or other duties. 
Employees 
As at 30 June 2020, the Bank employed a total of 7,985 staff of which 271 are in the Bank’s foreign 
branches, compared to 8,324 and 278 respectively, as at 31 December 2019. Additionally, the Group’s 
subsidiaries in Greece and abroad employed approximately 2,477 employees as at 30 June 2020, compared 
to 3,551 as at 31 December 2019.  
Most of the Bank’s employees belong to a union and the Greek banking industry has been subject to strikes 
over the issues of pensions and wages. Bank employees throughout the Hellenic Republic went on strike for 
5 days in 2019.

--- Page 229 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
 
229 
 
 
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION OF BANKS IN GREECE 
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative acts and codes applying in each 
jurisdiction in which it operates. 
Further to this, the Group is subject to the European Union regulatory framework and Greek laws and 
regulations and to supervision by the ECB/SSM and the Bank of Greece. 
Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) 
Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 (Regulation 1024/2013) established the SSM for Eurozone credit 
institutions. The SSM maintains an important distinction between significant and non-significant entities, 
which will be subject to differing supervisory regimes. The Bank is included in the list of significant 
supervised entities which the ECB updates and publishes regularly (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
last updated on 1 October 2021). As a result, the ECB has been granted certain supervisory powers as from 4 
November 2014, which include: 
• 
the authority to grant and revoke authorisations regarding credit institutions; 
• 
with respect to credit institutions established in a participating EU member state establishing a 
branch or providing cross border services in EU member states that are not part of the Eurozone, to 
carry out the tasks of the competent authority of the home EU member state; 
• 
the power to assess notifications regarding the acquisition and disposal of qualifying holdings in 
credit institutions; 
• 
the power to ensure compliance with respect to provisions regarding requirements on own funds 
securitisation, large exposure limits, liquidity, leverage, as well as on the reporting and public 
disclosure of information on those matters; 
• 
the power to ensure compliance with respect to corporate governance, including fit and proper 
requirements for the persons responsible for the management of credit institutions, risk management 
processes, internal control mechanisms, remuneration policies and practices and effective internal 
capital adequacy assessment processes (including internal ratings based models); 
• 
the power to carry out supervisory reviews, including, where appropriate and in coordination with 
the EBA, stress tests and supervisory reviews which may lead to the imposition of specific additional 
own funds requirements, specific publication requirements, specific liquidity requirements and other 
measures; 
• 
the power to supervise credit institutions on a consolidated group basis, extending supervision over 
parent entities established in one of the EU member states; and 
• 
the power to carry out supervisory tasks in relation to recovery plans, provide early intervention 
where a credit institution or group does not meet or is likely to breach the applicable prudential 
requirements and, only in the cases explicitly permitted under law, implement structural changes to 
prevent financial stress or failure, excluding any resolution powers. 
The SSM framework Regulation 468/2014 (ECB/2014/17) sets out the practical arrangements for the SSM, 
while Regulation 1163/2014 lays down the methodology and procedure regarding the annual supervisory 
fees which are born by the supervised credit institutions.

--- Page 230 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
230 
 
 
In Greece, as an EU member state whose currency is the euro, the ECB exercises its supervisory 
responsibilities in cooperation with the Bank of Greece. The ECB is responsible for the effective and 
consistent functioning of the SSM and exercises oversight over the functioning of the system, based on the 
distribution of responsibilities between the ECB and National Competent Authorities (NCAs), which in 
Greece is the Bank of Greece. To ensure efficient supervision, credit institutions are categorized as 
“significant” or “less significant”: the ECB directly supervises significant banks, whereas the NCAs are in 
charge of supervising less significant banks, with the ECB exercising indirect supervision. The Bank is 
currently categorised as “significant” and is therefore subject to direct supervision by the ECB. The day to 
day supervision is conducted by Joint Supervisory Teams, which comprise staff from both NCAs and the 
ECB. 
Supervisory Review Evaluation Process   
The Bank is subject to continuous evaluation of its capital adequacy in the context of the SSM and could be 
requested to operate with higher than minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity ratios. Such evaluations 
are carried out by the ECB mainly through the SREP.  
Following the completion of SREP for 2018, the ECB notified the Group of its new total SREP capital 
requirement (TSCR), which applies from 1 March 2019. According to this decision, the ECB requires the 
Bank to maintain, on a consolidated and on an individual basis, a TSCR of 11%.  
The TSCR of 11% includes: 
• 
the minimum Pillar I own funds requirement of 8% to be maintained at all times in accordance with 
Article 92(1) of the CRR (as defined below), and 
• 
an additional Pillar II own funds requirement of 3% to be maintained at all times in accordance with 
Article 16(2)(a) of Regulation 1024/2013, to be made up entirely of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
capital. 
In addition to the TSCR, the Group is also subject to the Overall Capital Requirement (OCR). The OCR 
consists of TSCR and the combined buffer requirement as defined in point (6) of Article 128 of the CRD IV 
Directive (as defined below).  
The combined buffer requirement is defined as the sum of: 
• 
a capital conservation buffer (the Capital Conservation Buffer); 
• 
the institution specific Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CcyB); and 
• 
the systemic risk buffer (Systemic Risk Buffer) / systemically important institutions buffer 
(Systemically Important Institutions Buffer), as applicable. 
The Capital Conservation Buffer was 2.5% for 2019 for all banks in the EU.  
The CcyB is implemented as an extension of the Capital Conservation Buffer and has the primary objective 
of protecting the banking sector from periods of excess aggregate credit growth that have often been 
associated with the build-up of system-wide risk. It is calculated as the weighted average of the buffers in 
effect in the jurisdictions to which a credit institution has significant credit exposures. Bank of Greece 
defined its methodology for determining the CcyB in 2015 and consecutively set the CcyB at 0% for Greece 
throughout 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 (Bank of Greece Acts 55/2015, 83/2016, 97/2016, 
103/2016, 107/2016, 115/2017, 119/2017, 122/2017, 127/2017,135/2018, 143/2018, 148/2018, 152/2018, 
156/2019, 159/2019, 161/2019, 164/2019, 167/2020, 173/2020, 177/2020, 180/2021, 186/2021, 190/2021,

--- Page 231 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
231 
 
 
and 193/2021). The CcyB is also currently 0% in all other countries in which the Group has significant 
exposures. Thus, the institution specific CcyB for the Group is currently 0%.    
For O-SIIs an additional capital buffer is applied, which was 0.25% for 2019, 0.50% for 2020 and 0.50% for 
2021 for all four credit institutions that were characterised as O-SIIs in Greece (including the Bank) (Bank of 
Greece, Executive Committee Act no 151/30.10.2018, Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act no 
163/1/1.11.2019, Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act no 174/26.6.2020) and is expected to be set at 
0.75% for 2022. See further “Capital Requirements/Supervision” below. 
Following the completion of the 2019 SREP cycle, in December 2019 the Bank received the final SREP 
Decision letter from the ECB which established the capital requirements for 2020. In particular based on 
2019 SREP letter, the Pillar 2 Requirement rate for 2020, remained stable at 3%, but OCR increased to 14% 
(from 13.75% in 2019) due to the phase-in of the O-SII buffer (0.25%). The OCR increased to 16% due to 
the application of the P2G (2%) as of 2020. However, on 12 Mach 2020, ECB provided temporary capital 
and operational relief to EU banks in reaction to COVID-19. In particular, the ECB is allowing banks to 
operate temporarily (until the end of 2022) below the level of capital defined by P2G, the Capital 
Conservation Buffer and the CcyB - not applicable for Greece). In addition, the banks can partially cover the 
P2R with the use of AT1 (18.75% of P2R) and/or Tier 2 (25% of P2R) capital instruments (effective 
immediately vs. original phase-in date of January 2021). Therefore, the OCR as of 12 Mach 2020 reduced to 
11.5%. 
For 2020, ECB adjusted its SREP approach and followed a pragmatic and simplified methodology in light of 
the COVID-19 pandemic and the unique economic and financial situation it has generated. In particular, the 
2020 SREP cycle focused on the ability of the Banks to handle the challenges of the COVID-19 crisis and its 
impact on their current and prospective risk profile (resilience & capacity to absorb the potential impact of 
the crisis over time). On that basis, and taking into account that a) the ECB is not issuing a SREP decision 
for the 2020 SREP cycle and P2R and P2G requirements remain unchanged and b) the BoG suspended the 
phase-in of the O-SII for 2021, the OCR for 2021 will remain stable at 11.5%. 
EU-wide stress test 2020 
On 31 January 2018 the ECB commenced the stress test exercise (the 2018 Stress Test) relating to the four 
systemic Greek banks (Alpha Bank, Eurobank, the Bank and Piraeus Bank) with the publication of the 
macroeconomic scenarios to be used by the banks. The stress test of the four systemic Greek banks was 
conducted on an accelerated timeline compared to the other in-scope banks in order to allow the results to be 
published before the end of the current European Stability Mechanism Programme for Greece (August 
2018), but following the same EBA approach and methodologies as that applied to the other EU banks. The 
results for the four systemic Greek banks were announced by the Supervisory Board on 5 May 2018, and 
showed that in the adverse scenario, the average CET1 capital depletion was 9 percentage points, equivalent 
to €15.5 billion.  Following the supervisory dialogue, the Bank was informed that the stress test outcome, 
along with other factors, have been assessed by SSM’s Supervisory Board pointing to no capital shortfall and 
that no capital plan was deemed necessary as a result of the exercise. 
On 7 November 2019, the EBA published a press release6 to announce the publication of the final 
methodology and draft templates for the 2020 EU-wide stress test along with the key milestones of the 
exercise. The stress test exercise was be formally launched in January 2020 and the results were planned to 
be published by 31 July 2020. However, the EBA in its statement7 dated 12 March 2020, announced its 
decision to postpone the 2020 EU-wide stress test exercise to 2021, allowing banks to focus on and ensure 
continuity of their core operations in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. According to the EBA’s press 
release8 on 30 July 2020, the exercise was expected to be launched at the end of January 2021 and its results 
to be published at the end of July 2021. 
                                                     
6 https://eba.europa.eu/eba-publishes-2020-eu-wide-stress-test-methodology-and-draft-templates 
7 https://eba.europa.eu/eba-statement-actions-mitigate-impact-covid-19-eu-banking-sector 
8 https://eba.europa.eu/eba-updates-2021-eu-wide-stress-test-timeline-sample-and-potential-future-changes-its-framework

--- Page 232 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
232 
 
 
Similar to the 2018 exercise, the 2021 EU-wide stress test is a bottom-up exercise with constraints, including 
a static balance sheet assumption. The aim of the EU-wide stress test is to assess the resilience of EU banks 
to a common set of adverse economic developments in order to identify potential risks, inform supervisory 
decisions and increase market discipline. The exercise is primarily focused on the assessment of the impact 
of risk drivers on the solvency of banks. Banks are required to stress a common set of risks and in addition, 
banks are requested to project the impact of the scenarios on net interest income and to stress P&L and 
capital items not covered by other risk types. 
EU-wide stress test 2021 
Following the postponement of the EU-wide stress test exercise of 2020 due to the outbreak of COVID-19, 
the ECB commenced the stress test exercise (the 2021 Stress Test) on 29 January 2021, with the publication 
of the macroeconomic and market scenario assumptions.  
Similar to the 2018 exercise, the 2021 Stress Test is a bottom-up exercise with constraints, including a static 
balance sheet assumption. The aim of the EU-wide stress test is to assess the resilience of EU banks to a 
common set of adverse economic developments in order to identify potential risks, inform supervisory 
decisions and increase market discipline. The exercise is primarily focused on the assessment of the impact 
of risk drivers on the solvency of banks.  
Starting from a Fully Loaded (FL) CET1 ratio of 12.8% (15.7% on transitional basis), under the adverse 
scenario, the FL CET1 ratio maximum depletion reached 6.4% in year 2022, while the respective FL CET1 
ratio for 2023 settled at 6.4%. 
Following the supervisory dialogue, the Bank was informed that the stress test outcome, along with other 
factors, have been assessed by SSM’s Supervisory Board pointing to no capital shortfall and that no capital 
plan was deemed necessary as a result of the exercise. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the SRM Regulation) establishes uniform rules and a uniform procedure for 
the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism (SRM) and the Fund. The SRM Regulation establishing a SRM for the Banking Union (as 
defined by the European Commission) entered into force on 19 August 2014. On 1 January 2016, the SRM 
became fully operational.   
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as discussed under “The Group may need additional 
capital and liquidity as a result of regulatory changes” above), applies to all banks supervised by the SSM, 
including the Bank. These uniform rules and uniform procedures established under the SRM Regulation will 
be applied by a single resolution board (the Single Resolution Board or the SRB) together with the EU 
Council and the European Commission and the national resolution authorities within the framework of the 
SRM. The Single Resolution Board shall have available the same range of tools as are available under the 
BRRD as described below. The SRM will be supported by the Fund. In the Banking Union, the national 
resolution funds set up under the BRRD were superseded by the Fund as at 1 January 2016 and those funds 
will be pooled together gradually. Therefore, as at 2016, the Single Resolution Board, calculates the annual 
contributions of all institutions authorized in the Member States participating in the SSM and the SRM. The 
European banking sector pays contributions to the Fund. The Council Implementing Regulation (EU) 
2015/81 provides for an adjustment mechanism to avoid distortions between institutions and achieve a 
balanced distribution of contributions between the different types of institutions. This Regulation lays down 
rules specifying the conditions for implementing of the obligation of the SRB to calculate the contributions 
for individual institutions pursuant to the SRM Regulation to the Fund and the methodology for the 
calculation of those contributions, introducing also by derogation of the general methodology an adjusted 
methodology for an initial transitional period of eight years by way of a gradual phasing in of the SRM 
methodology. In May 2017 European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/747 of 17 December

--- Page 233 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
233 
 
 
2015 entered into force, providing for criteria relating to the calculation of ex ante contributions, and the 
circumstances and conditions under which the payment of extraordinary ex post contributions to the Fund 
may be partially or entirely deferred. 
The SRM works as follows: 
• 
The SSM, as the supervisor, would signal when a bank in the euro area or established in an EU 
member state participating in the Banking Union is in severe financial difficulties and needs to be 
resolved. 
• 
The Single Resolution Board, the ECB and the European Commission, will carry out specific tasks 
to prepare for and carry out the resolution of a bank that is failing or likely to fail. The SRB decides 
whether and when to place a bank into resolution and sets out, in the resolution scheme, a framework 
for the use of resolution tools and the potential use of the Fund. The SRB is responsible for the 
effective and consistent functioning of the SRM and shall only use the Fund for the purpose of 
ensuring the efficient application of the resolution tools and exercise of resolution powers. The SRB 
is the owner of the Fund. 
• 
The resolution scheme can then be approved or rejected by the European Commission or, in certain 
circumstances, by the Council within 24 hours. 
• 
Under the supervision of the SRB, national resolution authorities will be in charge of the execution 
of the resolution scheme. 
• 
The SRB oversees the resolution. It monitors the execution at national level by the national 
resolution authorities and, should a national resolution authority not comply with its decision, 
directly addresses executive orders to the troubled banks.  
The Fund was set up under the control of the SRB. It will ensure the availability of funding support while the 
bank is resolved. The European banking sector pays contributions to the Fund. The Fund can only contribute 
to resolution if at least 8% of the total liabilities and own funds of the bank have been written down or 
converted into equity. 
The SRM II Regulation amended the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. This Regulation applies from 28 December 2020. The 
SRB and national resolution authorities should ensure that institutions and entities have sufficient loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity to ensure a smooth and fast absorption of losses and recapitalisation 
in the event of resolution, with a minimum impact on taxpayers and financial stability. That should be 
achieved through compliance by institutions with an institution-specific MREL as set out in the SRM 
Regulation. Among the new provisions are included the following: 
• 
In order to align denominators that measure the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
institutions and entities with those provided for in the TLAC (Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity) 
standard, the MREL should be expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount and of the 
total exposure measure of the relevant institution or entity, and institutions or entities should meet 
simultaneously the levels resulting from the two measurements. 
• 
The SRB, after consulting the competent authorities, including the ECB, shall determine the 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, subject to write-down and conversion powers, 
which are to be met at all times by the entities and groups when the conditions for the application are 
met.

--- Page 234 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
234 
 
 
Capital Requirements/Supervision 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee issued two prudential framework documents (“Basel III: A global 
regulatory framework for more resilient credit institutions and banking systems”, and “Basel III: 
International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring”) which contain the Basel 
III capital and liquidity reform package (Basel III).  
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
financial holding companies, credit institutions and investment firms (the CRD IV Directive), which has 
been transposed into Greek legislation by the CRD Law, and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the 
CRR and together with the CRD IV Directive, CRD IV) which is legally binding and directly applicable in 
all EU member states. Implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in 
over a period of time, mainly until 2019.  
Some major points of the framework include: 
• 
Quality and Quantity of Capital.  CRD IV revised the definition of regulatory capital and its 
components at each capital instrument level. It also imposed a minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5% and 
Tier 1 Ratio of 6.0%, and introduced a requirement for Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital 
instruments “own funds” to have loss absorbing features allowing them to be written off or 
converted on the occurrence of a bail in of the institution;  
• 
Capital Buffer Requirements.  In addition to the minimum CET1 ratio of 4.5% credit institutions 
will have to hold the following CET1 capital buffers as fixed by the relevant authorities: 
− 
A Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5% that is applied gradually between 2016 and 2019 
with an annual step up of 0.625%. In case of non-compliance the regulator will impose the 
constraints on dividends distribution and executive bonuses inversely proportional to the 
level of the actual CET1 ratio. 
− 
A CCyB ranging between 0% and 2.5% depending on macroeconomic factors. This buffer is 
also applied gradually from 2016 to 2019 having a range of 0%-0.625% for 2016, 0%-1.25% 
for 2017, 0%-1.875% for 2018 and 0%-2.5% for 2019. Bank of Greece specified the CCyB 
at 0% for Greece for all quarters of 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 (the CCyB is 
currently set at 0% by the competent authorities of all countries in which the Group has 
significant exposures.) 
− 
A Systemic Risk Buffer of at least 1% made up of CET1 instruments set at the discretion of 
national authorities of EU member states to be applied to institutions at consolidated or solo 
level, or even at the level of exposures in certain countries at which a banking group 
operates. Bank of Greece has not used this macro prudential instrument thus far. 
− 
A Systemically Important Institutions Buffer. For globally systemically important 
institutions the additional buffer ranges between 1% and 3.5%, whereas for O SIIs it could 
reach 2%. Bank of Greece specified a 0% capital buffer for 2016, 2017 and 2018 for all four 
institutions in Greece that were characterized as O SIIs (including the Bank). However, 
starting from 2019, a buffer of 1% was gradually phased in for the Bank during a five-year 
period (2019: 0.25%, 2020: 0.5%, 2021: 0.50%, 2022: 0.75%, 2023: 1%). 
• 
Deductions from Common Equity Tier 1.  CRD IV revised the definition of items that should be 
deducted from regulatory capital. In addition, most of the items that were required to be deducted 
from regulatory capital are now deducted in whole from the CET1 component;

--- Page 235 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
235 
 
 
• 
Central Counterparties.  To address the systemic risk arising from the interconnectedness of credit 
institutions and other financial institutions through the derivatives markets, the new framework is 
supporting the efforts of the committee on payments and settlement systems and International 
Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) to establish strong standards for financial market 
infrastructures, including central counterparties (CCPs). A 2.0% risk weight factor is introduced to 
certain trade exposures to qualifying CCPs (replacing the current 0% risk weighting). The 
capitalisation of credit institution exposures to CCPs will be based in part on the compliance of the 
CCP with the IOSCO standards (since non-compliant CCPs will be treated as bilateral exposures and 
will not receive the preferential capital treatment referred to above); 
• 
Counterparty Credit Risk.  CRD IV is raising counterparty credit risk management standards in a 
number of areas, including for the treatment of so-called wrong way risk, i.e., cases where the 
exposure increases when the credit quality of the counterparty deteriorates. For example, the 
proposal includes a capital charge for potential mark to market losses associated with a deterioration 
in the creditworthiness of a counterparty (i.e. CVA risk) and the calculation of expected positive 
exposure by taking into account stressed parameters; 
• 
Leverage Ratio. CRD IV introduced an unweighted Tier I leverage ratio (the Leverage Ratio) that 
applies for all credit institutions as part of the Pillar II framework from 1 January 2013. The ratio has 
migrated to a Pillar I minimum requirement now that CRR II (as defined below) has entered into 
force; 
• 
Liquidity Requirements.  From 1 October 2015, CRD IV progressively introduced a liquidity 
coverage ratio (which defines an amount of unencumbered, high quality liquid assets that must be 
held by a credit institution to offset estimated net cash outflows over a 30-day stress scenario, and 
has been phased in gradually, starting at 60% in 2015, and set at 100% in 2018) (the LCR).  CRD IV 
also provides for a net stable funding ratio (which defines an amount of longer term, stable funding 
that must be held by a credit institution over a one-year timeframe based on liquidity risk factors 
assigned to assets and off balance sheet exposures) (the NSFR). On 8 March 2017, the EBA 
published the final guidelines on the liquidity coverage ratio disclosure. The final guidelines provide 
harmonised disclosure templates and tables for liquidity coverage ratio disclosure without altering 
the general disclosure framework provided for in the CRR. Moreover, on 17 April 2018 the EBA 
published its final draft of implementing technical standards amending the European Commission’s 
Implementing Regulation (EU) No. 680/2014 on supervisory reporting. The updated implementing 
technical standards include changes to additional monitoring metrics for liquidity. Additionally, the 
CRR II and the CRD V Directive, were published in June 2019. With respect to liquidity 
requirements, the new regulatory framework sets the EU rules for the measurement of the NSFR, 
amending the existing BCBS framework, incorporated in the EU Capital Requirements Regulation 
575/2013 (CRR). The provisions for the NSFR amendment apply from 28 June 2021; and 
• 
Maximum Distributable Amount. Pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD Law, the Bank may not make 
discretionary payments (as defined in the CRD Law), beyond the Maximum Distributable Amount.  
It should be noted that Regulation (EU) 2019/876 amended Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. This Regulation 
applies from 28 June 2021 subject to certain exceptions. 
In addition to CRD IV, the EBA produces a number of binding technical standards, guidelines and 
recommendations for its implementation. EBA published on 21 November 2019 a set of roadmaps outlining 
its approach and timelines for delivering the mandates stemming from the above regulatory texts published 
in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019. These mandates are mainly focused in the areas of governance and 
remuneration, large exposures, resolution as well as reporting and disclosure.

--- Page 236 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
236 
 
 
Together with Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 (see 
below “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”) CRD IV forms the common financial regulatory 
framework in the EU, also known as ‘the Single Rulebook’. 
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel III and CRD 
IV, there are several new global initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, which represent additional 
regulatory pressure over the medium term and will impact the EU’s future regulatory direction. These 
initiatives include, among others, the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014), applicable since 3 January 2018 and a revised Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU) transposed into national legislation by Greek Law 4514/2018 published in 
Government Gazette Issue A No.14 of 30 January 2018. 
In addition, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published legislative proposals for 
amendments to the CRR, CRD IV Directive, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (together, the EC 
Proposals), which proposals were subsequently amended during the approval process prior to formal 
approval of the final text by the European Council in May 2019. The final text was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. Among other things, 
these proposals aim to implement a number of new Basel standards (such as the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, market risk rules and requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities) and to transpose the 
Financial Stability Board’s Total Loss Absorbing Capacity termsheet into European law. The CRD IV 
Directive has subsequently been amended by the CRD V Directive and the CRR has subsequently been 
amended by the CRR II. The CRD V Directive and the CRR II were both published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. Member States had to adopt and 
publish, by 28 December 2020, the measures necessary to comply with CRD V with certain exceptions. As 
of 18 May 2021, Greek Law 4799/2021 came into force, transposing the CRD V Directive into Greek law. 
CRR II applies from 28 June 2021 subject to certain exceptions. CRR II is directly applicable to the Bank. 
Solvency II 
As at 1 January 2016, Greek Law 4364/2016 came into force, replacing the previously existing Presidential 
Decree 400/70 and establishing in Greece the new Solvency II framework as detailed in Directive 
2009/138/EC, which is a fundamental revision of the capital adequacy regime for the European insurance 
sector business. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 
2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms (the BRRD). It establishes a harmonized framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms incorporated under the laws and licensed by the competent authorities of 
any of the EU member states. Directive (EU) 2017/2399, which was transposed into Greek Law by Law 
4583/2018 (published in the Government Gazette Issue A No. 212/18.12.2018), amended BRRD as regards 
the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. The BRRD has been subsequently 
amended by the publication of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 (the BRRD II). Member States had to adopt and put into force the measures necessary to comply 
with BRRD II by 28 December 2020. As of 17 May 2021, with few exceptions, Greek Law 4799/2021 came 
into force, transposing the BRRD II into Greek law. 
By virtue of Greek Law 4335/2015, as amended, inter alia by Greek Law 4799/2021 (the BRR Law), and in 
particular Article 2 “Recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and other 
provisions”, the BRRD was transposed into Greek Law and the Bank of Greece has been designated as the 
national resolution authority empowered to apply the resolution tools and exercise the resolution powers (the 
National Resolution Authority). Greek Law 4335/2015 provides among others for the following:

--- Page 237 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
237 
 
 
(a) 
Preparation and planning stage: Preparation for adopting measures of recovery and resolution, 
including (a) drawing up and submitting recovery plans by credit institutions to the competent 
authority for evaluation, which provide the measures to be taken for restoring their financial position 
following a significant deterioration of their financial position and (b) drawing up of a resolution 
plan by the National Resolution Authority for each credit institution. 
The Bank of Greece has specified the information to be included in the recovery plans. In particular, 
Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act No 99/18.7.2016 clarifies the information to be provided 
in the recovery plans and provides qualitative and quantitative recovery plan indicators. Moreover, 
Bank of Greece Executive Committee Act No 98/18.7.2016 specifies the range of scenarios to be 
used in recovery plans. 
(b) 
Early Intervention stage: When the institution infringes its licensing and operational requirements 
or it is likely to infringe them in the near future due to rapid deterioration of its financial condition, 
the BRR Law the competent authority shall have at its disposal at least the following: 
(i) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution updates the recovery plan and/or 
implement one or more of the measures provided in the recovery plan, 
(ii) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution examines the situation, identifies 
measures to overcome any problems identified and draws up an action plan to overcome 
those problems, within a specific timeline, 
(iii) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution convenes a general meeting of its 
shareholders or, in case the board of directors does not comply, promptly convenes itself a 
general meeting of the shareholders of the credit institution, and in both cases sets the 
agenda and require certain decisions to be considered for adoption by the shareholders; 
(iv) 
requires that one or more members of the board of directors or senior management be 
removed or replaced if they are considered unfit to perform their duties, 
(v) 
requires that the board of directors of the credit institution draws up and submits for 
consultation a plan for debt restructuring with one or all of its creditors according to the 
recovery plan, where applicable,  
(vi) 
requires the updating of the business strategy of the credit institution, 
(vii) 
requires changes in the legal or business structures of the credit institutions, and 
(viii) 
collects (through, inter alia, on-site inspections) and transmits to the National Resolution 
Authority all necessary information for the update of the resolution plan and the preparation 
of the potential resolution of the credit institution and the valuation of its assets and 
liabilities for the resolution purposes.  
Resolution measures: The SRB is the resolution authority for significant banking groups whose parent 
entity is located in the Banking Union. Together with national resolution authorities it forms the SRM. 
Where, pursuant to the SRM Regulation, the SRB performs tasks and exercises powers which, pursuant to 
the BRRD, are to be performed or executed by the national resolution authority, the Board, shall, for the 
application of the SRM Regulation and of the BRRD, be considered to be the relevant national resolution 
authority or, in the event cross-border group resolution, the relevant group level resolution authority. 
The SRB shall take action only if all of the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
the institution is failing or is likely to fail,

--- Page 238 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
238 
 
 
(b) 
no alternative private sector measure, or supervisory action, including early intervention measures, 
would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe, and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
Before proceeding to resolution measures, the SRB shall ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of 
the assets and liabilities of the institution is carried out. 
The Board of Directors must notify immediately the ECB, as Competent Authority, in cases that an 
institution is failing or likely to fail. EBA Guidelines on “the interpretation of the different circumstances 
when an institution shall be considered as failing or likely to fail” provide clarifications on the cases where 
an institution is assessed as “failing or likely to fail”. 
The resolution measures that may be implemented either individually or in conjunction (save for the asset 
separation tool, which may only be applied in conjunction with another resolution tool), are the following: 
• 
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser who is not a bridge institution, of shares or other 
instruments of ownership and/or some or all of the assets of the institution under resolution, namely 
rights, obligations and contractual relationships, without the consent of the shareholders of the 
institution under resolution or of any third party other than the acquirer. 
• 
Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution to which shares or other instruments of 
ownership and/or some or all of the assets of the institution under resolution, namely rights, 
obligations and contractual relationships, are transferred without the consent of the shareholders of 
the institution under resolution or of any third party. 
• 
Asset separation tool: transfer of assets, namely rights, obligations and contractual relationships, of 
an institution under resolution or of a bridge institution to one or more asset management companies, 
without the consent of the shareholders of the institutions under resolution or of any third party other 
than the bridge institution. The asset management companies are legal persons owned in total or 
partially or controlled by one or more authorities, including the Fund or the National Resolution 
Authority. 
• 
Bail in tool write-down or conversion of any obligations of an institution that meets the resolution 
conditions, except for the cases prescribed by BRRD. 
When using the bail-in tool, the relevant resolution authority must write down or convert obligations 
of the entity under resolution in the following order:  
(i) 
CET1;  
(ii) 
AT1 instruments;  
(iii) 
T2 instruments;  
(iv) 
other subordinated debt, in accordance with the ranking of claims in special liquidation 
proceedings; and  
(v) 
other eligible liabilities, in accordance with the ranking of claims in special liquidation 
proceedings  
The above obligations do not include liabilities expressly excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool 
by operation of Article 44 of the BRR Law, including, inter alia, covered deposits and secured 
liabilities (including covered bonds).

--- Page 239 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
239 
 
 
The ranking of liabilities in the case of special liquidation proceedings against a credit institution are 
provided for by Article 145A of the CRD Law, as follows:  
(a) 
claims deriving from the provision of employment services and legal fees to the extent that 
the claims arose during the two years prior to the opening of special liquidation proceedings 
under Greek law 4261/2014, as well as employees' and in-house lawyers' claims deriving 
from the termination of their employment/mandate, irrespective of the point at which such 
claims arose, claims of the Greek state for value added tax and other taxes aggregated with 
any surcharges and interest accrued, and claims of social security organisations; 
(b) 
Greek State claims arising in case of application of internal Articles 57 or 58 of Article 2 of 
the BRR Law referring to financial stabilisation tools; 
(c) 
claims deriving from guaranteed deposits or claims of the Hellenic Deposit and Investment 
Guarantee Fund (HDIGF), the latter assuming the depositors’ rights and obligations, who 
have been compensated by the HDIGF, and for the amount of such compensation or claims 
of the HDIGF due to the use of the Deposit Cover Scheme (DCS) in the context of 
resolution under Article 104 of BRR Law; 
(d) 
any type of Greek State claim aggregated with any surcharges and interest charged on these 
claims; 
(e) 
the following claims: 
(A) 
Claims of the Resolution Fund pursuant to internal Article 98, par. 6, of the BRR 
Law, in case of provision of financing to the institution in the context of the 
fulfilment of the obligations of the Resolution Fund, as per the specific provisions of 
internal Article 95, par. 2, of the BRR Law; and 
(B) 
Claims deriving from eligible deposits of natural persons and micro, small and 
medium-sized enterprises to the extent that they exceed the coverage threshold for 
deposits pursuant to Article 9 of Law 4370/2016, and claims deriving from deposits 
of natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises that would be 
eligible deposits if such deposits have not been made through third country (non-
EU) branches of EU credit institutions. 
(f) 
Claims deriving from investment services that are covered by the HDIGF within the 
meaning of Articles 12 and 13 of Law 4370/2016 or claims of the HDIGF, the latter 
assuming the rights and obligations of investor clients, who have been compensated by the 
HDIGF, and for the amount of such compensation; 
(g) 
claims deriving from eligible deposits to the extent that they exceed the coverage limit and 
do not fall under e) above; 
(h) 
claims deriving from deposits exempted from compensation in accordance with Article 12 of 
Law 4370/2016, excluding claims deriving from transactions of investors for which a final 
court decision has been issued for a penal violation of AML/CTF rules; and   
(i) 
without prejudice to points j) and k) below, other claims that do not fall within the above 
listed points and are not subordinated claims as per the relevant agreement, including but not 
limited to, liabilities under loan agreements and other credit agreements, agreements for the 
supply of goods or for the provision of services or from derivatives, claims deriving from 
debt instruments issued by the credit institution, claims deriving from guarantees granted by 
the credit institution in relation to debt instruments issued by its subsidiaries (as defined by

--- Page 240 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
240 
 
 
paragraph 2 of Article 32 of Law 4308/2014), irrespective whether such subsidiaries have 
their registered seat in Greece or abroad, as well as claims of such subsidiaries, when their 
claims derive from a loan or deposit agreement with the credit institution in question, by 
virtue of which the proceeds from such issuance of debt instruments by the subsidiaries is on 
lent to or deposited with the relevant credit institution. In the case of such a deposit by such 
a subsidiary, this paragraph applies in relation to that part of the deposit for which 
subparagraph (c) of this paragraph does not apply. 
(j) 
claims deriving from debt instruments issued by the credit institution that meet the following 
conditions: (aa) the original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is at least one (1) 
year; (bb) they do not contain any embedded derivatives and they are not themselves 
derivatives, and the debt instruments are not considered to contain embedded derivatives 
solely on the basis that they have floating interest based on a widely used reference interest 
rate or on the basis that they are denominated in a foreign currency, provided that the 
principal, the repayment and the interest are in the same currency; and (cc) the relevant 
contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance and 
the distribution thereof explicitly refer to the lower ranking as provided for in the present 
point. In addition, this paragraph applies to claims deriving from guarantees granted by the 
credit institution in relation to debt instruments issued by its subsidiaries (as defined by 
paragraph 2 of Article 32 of Law 4308/2014), irrespective whether such subsidiaries have 
their registered seat in Greece or abroad, that meet the above conditions under (aa) to (cc), as 
well as claims of such subsidiaries, when their claims derive from a loan or deposit 
agreement with the credit institution in question, by virtue of which the proceeds from such 
issuance of debt instruments by the subsidiaries is on lent to or deposited with the relevant 
credit institution. In the case of such a deposit by such a subsidiary, the previous sentence 
applies in relation to that part of the deposit for which subparagraph (c) of this paragraph 
does not apply. 
(k) 
Claims deriving from subordinated debt instruments or Tier 2 instruments or hybrid 
securities or Additional Tier 1 instruments or preferential shares or common shares, 
common equity tier 1 instruments issued by the credit institution, applying the different 
ranking between the different categories of claims that fall within this instance. In addition, 
this paragraph applies to claims deriving from guarantees granted by the credit institution in 
relation to debt instruments of lower ranking or hybrid securities or other securities included 
in the above categories issued by its subsidiaries (as defined by paragraph 2 of Article 32 of 
Law 4308/2014), irrespective whether such subsidiaries have their registered seat in Greece 
or abroad, when such claims derive from a loan or deposit agreement with the credit 
institution in question, by virtue of which the proceeds from such issuance of debt 
instruments or hybrid securities or other securities included in the above categories issued by 
its subsidiaries. In the case of such a deposit by such a subsidiary, the previous sentence 
applies in relation to that part of the deposit for which subparagraph (c) of this paragraph 
does not apply.  
The claims under points (A) and (B) of case (e) above are satisfied pro rata. As for the rest, the provisions of 
Articles 975 to 978 of the Greek Code of Civil Procedure shall apply by way of analogy. 
Further to the above resolution tools, the SRB is entitled to decide on the exercise of the write-down or 
conversion powers in respect of Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments, as well as eligible liabilities 
of the institution, either independently or in combination with the resolution tools, under the circumstances 
provided by the law, for example when it is established that the conditions for resolution are met or when the 
competent authority establishes that if the said power is not exercised, the institution will cease to be viable. 
If an institution meets the requirements for resolution and the SRB decides to implement a resolution tool, 
then the exercise of the above power is required.

--- Page 241 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
241 
 
 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the following EU Regulations have been issued: 
• 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 specifies further the circumstances where 
exclusion from the application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary.  
• 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1401 established regulatory technical standards for 
methodologies and principles on the valuation of liabilities arising from derivatives.  
• 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/867 on classes of arrangements to be protected in a 
partial property transfer. 
• 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 with regard to regulatory technical standards 
specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the MREL to be set by resolution 
authorities in order to determine the loss absorption amount which the institution or group should be 
capable of absorbing. 
• 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1075 regarding regulatory technical standards 
specifying the content of recovery plans, resolution plans and group resolution plans, the minimum 
criteria that the competent authority is to assess as regards recovery plans and group recovery plans, 
the conditions for group financial support, the requirements for independent valuers, the contractual 
recognition of write-down and conversion powers, the procedures and contents of notification 
requirements and of notice of suspension and the operational functioning of the resolution colleges.  
• 
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/911 provided implementing technical standards 
with regard to the form and the content of the description of group financial support agreements. In 
the same context Executive Committee Act 131/23.01.2018 of Bank of Greece specifies the 
conditions for the group financial support. 
Use of public funds in the context of the resolution framework 
In cases of an exceptional systemic crisis, extraordinary public financial support may be provided with 
respect to institutions meeting the conditions for resolution. Extraordinary public financial support is 
provided under strict conditions by virtue of a decision of the Greek Minister of Finance, following a 
recommendation of the Systemic Stability Board of the Greek Ministry of Finance and a consultation with 
the resolution authority, through public financial stabilisation tools as a last resort and only after having 
assessed and utilised, to the maximum extent, the other resolution tools, in order to avoid, through the direct 
intervention, the winding-up of the said institutions and in order for the resolution purposes to be 
accomplished. The public financial stabilisation tools are: 
(a) 
public capital support provided by the Greek Ministry of Finance or by the HFSF following a 
decision by the Greek Minister of Finance; and 
(b) 
temporary public ownership of the institution, i.e. the transfer of the shares of an institution to a 
transferee of the Hellenic Republic or a company which is fully owned and controlled by the 
Hellenic Republic. 
The following conditions must be cumulatively met in order for the public financial stabilisation tools to be 
implemented: 
i. 
the institution meets the conditions for resolution; 
ii. 
the shareholders, owners of other instruments of ownership, holders of relevant capital instruments 
and the holders of eligible liabilities have contributed, through conversion, write-down or by any 
other means, to the absorption of losses and the recapitalization by an amount equal to at least 8% of

--- Page 242 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
242 
 
 
the total liabilities, including own funds of the institution under resolution, calculated at the time of 
the resolution action in accordance with the valuation conducted, and 
iii. 
prior and final approval by the European Commission regarding the EU State aid framework for the 
use of the chosen tool has been granted.  
In addition to the above, for the provision of public financial support, one of the following conditions must 
be met: 
i. 
the application of the resolution tools would not suffice to avoid a significant adverse effect on the 
financial stability;  
ii. 
the application of the resolution tools would not suffice to protect the public interest, where 
extraordinary liquidity assistance from the central bank has previously been given to the institution; 
and  
iii. 
in respect of the temporary public ownership tool, the application of the resolution tools would not 
suffice to protect the public interest, where public equity support through the equity support tool has 
previously been given to the institution.  
Use of public funds outside the resolution framework 
By way of exception, extraordinary public financial support may be granted to a credit institution in the form 
of an injection of own funds or purchase of capital instruments without the involvement of resolution 
measures, under the following cumulative conditions: 
• 
in order to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of an EU member state and preserve 
financial stability; 
• 
to a solvent credit institution in order to address a capital shortfall identified in a stress test, assets 
quality reviews or equivalent exercises; 
• 
at prices and on terms that do not confer an advantage upon the institution; 
• 
on a precautionary and temporary basis;  
• 
subject to final approval of the European Commission;  
• 
not to be used to offset losses that the institution has incurred or is likely to incur in the near future; 
• 
the credit institution has not infringed and there are no objective elements to support that the credit 
institution will, in the near future, infringe its authorization requirements in a way that would justify 
the withdrawal of its authorization; 
• 
the assets of the credit institution are not and there are no objective elements to support that the 
assets of the credit institution will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities; 
• 
the credit institution is not and there are no objective elements to support that the credit institution 
will be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities when they fall due; and 
• 
the circumstances for the exercise of the write-down or conversion powers in respect of Additional 
Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments of the institution do not apply.

--- Page 243 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
243 
 
 
MiFID II 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments repealing MiFID I (MiFID II) was transposed 
into Greek law by Law 4514/2018. 
MiFID II together with Regulation (EU) 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments (MiFIR) introduced 
the new framework on financial markets. Both documents aim to have more efficient, resilient and 
transparent markets.  
In particular, MiFID II introduced rules, inter alia, on high frequency trading, improves the transparency and 
oversight of financial markets, including derivatives markets, and addresses the issue of excessive price 
volatility in commodity derivatives markets. Furthermore, it expands supervision to all financial instruments 
admitted to trading, over-the-counter transactions and trading venues.  
MiFID II also enhanced investor protection by introducing new product governance requirements and more 
stringent organisational and business conduct requirements. 
MiFID II empowered the European Commission to adopt delegated and implementing acts to specify how 
competent authorities and market participants shall comply with the obligations laid down in the directive. 
The Greek Regulatory Framework 
The CRD IV framework, comprising CRD IV Directive (as transposed into Greek law by way of the Greek 
Law 4216/2014 on access to the activity of credit institutions) and the CRR on the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms establishes the regulatory framework which governs the operation 
and supervision of credit institutions in the European Union. The CRD IV Directive has subsequently been 
amended by the CRD V Directive and the CRR has subsequently been amended by the CRR II. The CRD V 
Directive and CRR II were both published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and 
entered into force on 27 June 2019. CRR II is directly applicable to the Bank and applies from 28 June 2021, 
subject to certain exceptions. The Member States had to adopt and publish by 28 December 2020 the 
measures necessary to comply with the CRD V Directive, with certain exceptions. As of 18 May 2021, 
Greek Law 4799/2021 came into force, transposing the CRD V Directive into Greek law. 
The Greek Law 4261/2014 as amended by Greek Law 4799/2021 replaced Greek Law 3601/2007. 
According to Article 166 of Greek Law 4261/2014, regulatory decisions issued by ministers or competent 
authorities by virtue of Greek Law 3601/2007 remain in force as long as they are not contrary to the 
provisions of the CRD Law or Regulation No. 575/2013/EC and until replaced by new regulatory acts under 
Greek Law 4261/2014. 
Under the current regulatory framework, credit institutions operating in Greece are, among others, required 
to: 
• 
observe the liquidity ratios prescribed by Regulation No. 575/2013/EC and relevant acts of the 
Governor of the Bank of Greece or the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece, to the extent 
that (according to Article 166 of Greek Law 4261/2014) such acts are not contrary to the provisions 
of the CRD Law or the CRR and until replaced by new regulatory acts issued under Greek 
Law 4261/2014; 
• 
observe the own funds requirements and calculation rules provided for by Regulation 
No. 575/2013/EC, Decision No. 114/1/4.8.2014 of the Credit and Insurance Committee Decisions as 
in force and Decision No. 191/1/23.07.2021 of the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece; 
• 
maintain efficient and independent internal audit, compliance and risk management systems and 
procedures (Bank of Greece Governor Act No. 2577/2006, as supplemented and amended by

--- Page 244 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
244 
 
 
subsequent decisions of the Governor of the Bank of Greece and of the Banking and Credit 
Committee of the Bank of Greece). The Monitoring Trustee mandate and the Amended Relationship 
Framework Agreement also include provisions regarding the maintenance of such systems and 
procedures; 
• 
submit to the Bank of Greece periodic reports and statements required under Bank of Greece 
Governor Act No. 2651/2012, as amended and currently applicable and other relevant Acts of the 
Governor of the Bank of Greece; 
• 
disclose data regarding the credit institution’s financial position and the risk management policy; 
• 
provide the Bank of Greece any other information requested; 
• 
in connection with certain operations or activities, notify or request the prior approval of the Bank of 
Greece/SSM, in each case in accordance with the applicable laws of Greece and the relevant acts, 
decisions and circulars of the Bank of Greece and the European regulatory framework; and 
• 
permit the Bank of Greece to conduct audits and inspect books and records of the credit institution, 
in accordance with Greek law (including Greek Law 4261/2014) and certain Bank of Greece 
Governor’s Acts; 
If a credit institution breaches any law or a regulation falling within the scope of the supervisory power 
attributed to the Bank of Greece, the Bank of Greece is empowered, among others, to: 
• 
require the relevant bank to take appropriate measures to remedy the breach; 
• 
impose fines (Article 55A of the Articles of Association of the Bank of Greece, as ratified by Law 
2832/2000 and as amended by Bank of Greece Governor Act No. 2602/2008), and provisions of 
Law 4261/2014; and 
• 
revoke, in cooperation with the ECB according to Regulation 1024/2013, the license of the bank.  
In the context of the SSM, the ECB and the NCAs (the Bank of Greece in Greece), Regulation 1024/2013 
stipulates the supervisory tasks conferred upon the SSM and Regulation (EU) 468/2014 determines the 
framework of cooperation within the SSM. 
The regulatory framework applicable to the Bank has been also affected by the establishment of the HFSF 
and the recapitalization framework. Moreover, Regulation (EU) 2016/445 specifies certain of the options and 
discretions conferred on competent authorities under Union law concerning prudential requirements for 
credit institutions that the ECB is exercising. The ECB on 29 June 2021 launched a public consultation on 
updates to its harmonised policies for exercising the options and discretions that it is allowed to exercise 
under European Union law when supervising banks. In this context, the abovementioned Regulation is under 
revision. This Regulation was further specified by the Executive Committee of the Bank of Greece.  
The Hellenic Financial Stability Fund – The Greek Recapitalisation Framework 
Formation of the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund  
The HFSF was established by Greek Law 3864/2010 (the HFSF Law), as a private law entity with capital 
funded by the Greek government out of the resources made available by the EU and the IMF to ensure 
adequate capitalization of the Greek banking system. Additionally, Greek Law 4389/2016 (Article 188) 
prescribes HFSF as a subsidiary of Hellenic Corporation of Assets and Participations. It should be noted that 
Hellenic Corporation of Assets and Participations does not belong to the Greek public sector.

--- Page 245 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
245 
 
 
The purpose of the HFSF, according to the HFSF Law, is to maintain the stability of the Greek banking 
system for protection of the public interest. The duration of the HFSF has been set until and including 31 
December 2022 and it may be extended upon decision of the Greek Minister of Finance, provided that such 
extension is necessary for the fulfillment of its purposes.  
Amended Relationship Framework Agreement  
Following the participation of the HFSF in the Bank’s share capital in 2013, the Bank and the HFSF entered 
into the Relationship Framework Agreement. In connection with its receipt of State Aid as part of its 
recapitalization in December 2015, the Bank entered into an Amended Relationship Framework Agreement 
(Amended Relationship Framework Agreement) with the HFSF on 3 December 2015. This Amended 
Relationship Framework Agreement replaced the earlier Relationship Framework Agreement entered into by 
the Bank in 2013. 
According to the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF should, among others (i) monitor 
and assess how the Bank complies with the applicable restructuring plan, (ii) exercise its shareholding rights 
in compliance with the rules of prudent management of its assets and in compliance with State Aid and 
competition rules of the European Union, (iii) ensure that the Bank operates on market terms, and (iv) that in 
due time the Bank returns to private ownership in an open and transparent manner. The Amended 
Relationship Framework Agreement determines the relationship between the Bank and HFSF certain matters 
relating to, amongst others: (a) the corporate governance of the Bank, (b) the applicable Revised 
Restructuring Plan and its monitoring, (c) the monitoring of the implementation of the Bank’s NPL 
management framework and of the Bank’s performance on NPL resolution. In addition, the Amended 
Relationship Framework Agreement deals with, (d) the obligations that are defined as material for the 
purposes of the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, including for the switch to full voting rights, 
(e) the monitoring of Bank’s actual risk profile against the approved risk and capital strategy, (f) the HFSF’s 
consent for matters that are defined as material for the purposes of the Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement and, in particular, for the HFSF’s consent request, (g) litigation and other proceedings that are 
defined as material for the purposes of the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement and concern the 
Group, and (h) the duties, rights and obligations of HFSF’s representative on the Board. Moreover, the 
Amended Relationship Framework Agreement states that, subject to its provisions, the applicable law, and 
the charter documents, the Bank’s decision making bodies will continue to determine independently, 
amongst others, the Bank’s commercial strategy and policy in compliance with the currently applicable 
restructuring plan and the decisions on the day-to-day operation of the Bank will continue to rest with the 
Bank’s competent bodies and officers, as the case may be, in accordance with their statutory, legal and 
fiduciary responsibilities.  
The Amended Relationship Framework Agreement prescribes the appointment of the HFSF representative to 
the Board of Directors and the appointment of an observer (without voting rights) also participating at the 
Board of Directors. Additionally, as prescribed by the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, both 
the representative and the observer participate in the Board Committees.  
According to the provisions of the applicable framework as outlined previously, the HFSF representative’s 
rights as prescribed within the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement include the following: 
(c) 
To request the Board to convoke the General Assembly of Shareholders or to include items on the 
agenda to be discussed at a General Assembly to be convoked by the Board. The request regarding 
the convocation of the General Assembly shall be addressed to the Chairman of the Board in writing 
and shall include the proposed items on the agenda. The Board shall have the obligation to convoke 
the General Assembly upon respective request of the HFSF representative. Furthermore, the Board 
shall have the obligation to include the proposed items in the respective invitation for the 
convocation of the General Assembly.

--- Page 246 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
246 
 
 
(d) 
To request that the Board is convened within the next seven (7) calendar days from the HFSF’s 
representative written request to the Chairman of the Board. The relevant request shall be addressed 
to the Chairman of the Board in writing and include the proposed items on the agenda. If the 
Chairman of the Board does not proceed to the convocation of the Board within the above deadline 
or does not include all the proposed items in the invitation, then the HFSF representative shall be 
entitled to convoke the Board within five (5) days as of the expiry of the above seven (7) days 
period.  
(e) 
To include items in the agenda of a scheduled Board meeting, including any item which may be 
related to any entity of the Group. For this purpose, the HFSF representative will submit in writing 
to the Chairman of the Board the desired additional items on the agenda at least two (2) business 
days prior to the date of the Board meeting. The Chairman of the Board must include these items in 
the agenda of the scheduled Board meeting. 
(f) 
To request an adjournment of any meeting of the Board or the discussion of any item up to three (3) 
business days, if it finds that the material, data or information and the supporting documents 
submitted to the HFSF pursuant to the items of the agenda of the forthcoming Board meeting are not 
sufficient. 
Additionally, as per the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, the HFSF representative has the 
following rights in Board Committees: 
(g) 
to include items on the agenda of a committee meeting scheduled. For this purpose, the HFSF 
representative will submit in writing to the Chairman of the Committee the proposed additional 
items of the agenda at least one (1) day prior to the date of the Committee meeting; 
(h) 
to request that the committee is convened within the next seven (7) days from the HFSF 
representatives’ written request to the Chairman of the committee. The relevant request shall include 
the proposed items of the agenda. If the Chairman of the committee does not proceed to the 
convocation of the committee within the above deadline or does not include all the proposed items in 
the invitation, then the HFSF representative shall be entitled to convoke the committee within five 
(5) days as of the expiry of the above seven (7) days period. 
Further, the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement prescribes in detail requirements for the Bank to 
inform the HFSF representative and the HFSF Observer, including on the activities and decisions of Board 
committees in which they participate. 
Under the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, the Bank has the obligation to obtain the prior 
written consent of the HFSF for all material matters set forth within the agreement, including, among others, 
the applicable Revised Restructuring Plan, including any amendment, extension or revision of the Plan, the 
Group policy governing relations with connected borrowers and any amendment, extension, revision or 
deviation thereof, the Group Risk and Capital strategy document(s) especially the risk appetite statements 
and risk governance and any amendment, extension, revision or deviation thereof, the Group 
Investment/Divestment Policy regarding participations, real estate and loan portfolios and any amendment, 
extension, revision or deviation thereof, and other matters particularly prescribed within the Amended 
Relationship Framework Agreement as material materials requiring prior-written consent and according to 
the exceptions the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement prescribes. 
If the Bank breaches or defaults in performing or complying with or fails to perform or comply with any of 
its material obligations, the HFSF shall give to the Bank a default notice specifying such breach, default or 
failure and, in the case of a breach, default or failure capable of remedy, stipulating a period during which 
such breach, default or failure shall be remedied. Provided that such period is accepted by the HFSF, and if 
such event is still outstanding after a remedy period has been provided by the HFSF, whenever such period is 
applicable, and without prejudice to any other rights of the HFSF under the HFSF Law and the Amended 
Relationship Framework Agreement, restrictions of the HFSF’s voting rights concerning the portion of

--- Page 247 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
247 
 
 
shares to which these apply, shall be lifted and the HFSF shall have full voting rights with respect to the 
particular shares now subject to restrictions in accordance with Article 7A of the HFSF Law, upon 
notification to the Bank of the respective decision of the General Council of the HFSF.  
The Amended Relationship Framework Agreement requires that:  
(a) 
The Bank shall at each time adopt and apply a corporate governance structure that ensures the 
implementation of the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, compliant at any time with 
the requirements of the HFSF Law, the contractual obligations and the applicable Revised 
Restructuring Plan.  
(b) 
The Bank shall provide to the HFSF the documents, as required, in order to ensure the effective 
monitoring of the implementation of the applicable Revised Restructuring Plan and NPL 
management framework, to effectively allow the HFSF to perform its statutory role. In December 
2016 the Board Risk Committee Charter was revised, such that the Committee has a dual role, 
having specific competence over NPLs/NPEs and operating as the Bank’s special Committee that 
deals with NPLs in accordance with Article 10 Paragraph 8 of the HFSF Law. 
(c) 
If the Bank has engaged, prior to the signing of the Amended Relationship Framework Agreement, 
an external audit firm for more than five years, the Bank should replace the audit firm. The new 
engagement contracts should not exceed five years. The Bank’s initial five-year period expired 
following the 2016 financial year. In this context, the Board of Directors approved at the meeting 
held on 18 January 2017 PwC as the most appropriate audit firm for the audit of the Group for the 
year ending 31 December 2017, following the recommendation of the Audit Committee. The 
selection was based on the results of the tender process run by the Bank. The appointment of PwC 
was approved by the 2017 Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders.  The 2018 Annual 
General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders appointed PwC to undertake the audit of the Group for 
the year ending 31 December 2018, following relevant proposal of the Audit Committee. The 2019 
Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders appointed PwC to undertake the audit of the 
Group for the year ending 31 December 2019, following relevant proposal of the Audit Committee. 
The 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders appointed PwC to undertake the audit 
of the Group for the year ending 31 December 2020, following relevant proposal of the Audit 
Committee. The 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders appointed PwC to 
undertake the audit of the Group for the year ending 31 December 2021, following relevant proposal 
of the Audit Committee. The 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Bank’s shareholders appointed 
PwC to undertake the audit of the Group for the year ending 31 December 2021, following relevant 
proposal of the Audit Committee. 
However, according to Article 28 of Greek Law 4701/2020, HFSF and the financial institutions who 
participated in recapitalization plans, or the beneficiary financial institutions that resulted from fully 
or partial carve-outs of banking operations in the context of Greek law 4601/2019 (corporate 
transformation law), may decide to extend the term of its auditors for a period not exceeding 10 
years in total (according to Article 17 EU 537/2014 (L158)) provided that the General Meeting of 
the financial institution approves reasoned proposal of the Board of Directors, following the 
recommendation of the Audit Committee. 
(d) 
In case of any actual or reasonably foreseeable adverse deviations in the Bank’s or the Group’s 
performance and risk profile, relative to the base scenario of the applicable Revised Restructuring 
Plan, or relative to the budget, or with respect to the Risk and Capital Strategy if adverse deviations 
have already been approved by the HFSF through the approval of the budget, the Board should 
promptly submit its recommended corrective strategic actions to the HFSF for its review and 
consent. 
(e) 
Performance against the applicable Revised Restructuring Plan as well as progress on key initiatives 
undertaken by the Bank (e.g. Divestments, Integrations, etc.) will be monitored as follows:

--- Page 248 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
248 
 
 
(i) 
Regular meetings between the Bank’s management and the HFSF. 
(ii) 
A formal monitoring review of performance against the applicable Revised Restructuring 
Plan or relative to the budget, if adverse deviations have already been approved by the HFSF 
through the approval of the budget (see above), will be conducted on a quarterly basis, in 
line with the Bank’s results reporting cycle. For the purpose of the monitoring reviews, the 
Bank will provide the HFSF with a report on its financial and business performance against 
the applicable Revised Restructuring Plan or relative to the budget, if adverse deviations 
have already been approved by the HFSF through the approval of the budget (see above) 
quarterly targets, clearly highlighting performance to date against the currently applicable 
restructuring plan targets as well as against budget, key initiatives and expected impact for 
the next four quarters rolling and identifying any adverse deviations from the targets and 
associated corrective measures /initiatives, which must be approved by the HFSF. 
(f) 
The HFSF will monitor and evaluate the performance of the Bank’s Board of Directors and its 
Committees. 
(g) 
The Bank will inform in writing the HFSF as soon as it executes a non-binding agreement 
/memorandum of understanding for the sale of (or receives any proposal from third parties for the 
acquisition of) a subsidiary of the Bank, or part of its business. 
(h) 
The Board should conduct a self-assessment exercise on an annual basis not only as a whole, as per 
current legislation but also for each of its Committees. The results of this evaluation should be 
disclosed in the Annual Report on Corporate Governance. 
(i) 
The Board should approve the following policies and amendments thereof: the Bank’s Group 
Strategy, Policy and Governance regarding the management of its Arrears and Non-Performing 
Loans, Conflict of Interest policy, Related Party Transactions policy, Provisioning & Write-off 
policy, Sponsorship/Donation policy, Outsourcing policy, Board /Committees self-assessment 
policy.  
The Amended Relationship Framework Agreement shall remain in force for as long the HFSF holds shares 
issued by the Bank, irrespective of its participation percentage. However, if its participation percentage falls 
below 15% of the Bank’s share capital, only certain clauses of the Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement shall remain in force, as particularly prescribed within the Amended Relationship Framework 
Agreement. 
The 
Amended 
Relationship 
Framework 
Agreement 
is 
available 
at 
HFSF’s 
website 
www.hfsf.gr/en/agreements_2015.htm (section: agreements). The information on this website is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Conditions for the Provision of Capital Support for the purpose of Precautionary Recapitalisation 
If the voluntary measures that are provided in the restructuring plan or the revised restructuring plan cannot 
cover the total capital shortfall of the credit institution, as such has been determined by the competent 
authority, and in order to avoid a serious disturbance in the economy with negative consequences affecting 
citizens and in order for the state aid to be as minimal as possible, the mandatory application of the following 
measures (the Mandatory Burden Sharing Measures) may be decided by virtue of a Cabinet Act, 
following a proposal by the Bank of Greece, for the purpose of allocating the remainder of the capital 
shortfall to the holders of capital instruments and other liabilities, as deemed necessary. 
The allocation is completed by the publication of the relevant Cabinet Act at the Government Gazette. 
Without prejudice to the above, the allocation is made according to the following sequence, which applies 
according to the CRR and Article 145A(1) of the CRD Law, as in force:

--- Page 249 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
249 
 
 
(a) 
common shares and other Tier 1 instruments that fall under Article 26 of CRR; 
(b) 
if necessary, other Tier 1 instruments that fall under Article 31 of CRR; 
(c) 
if necessary, AT1 instruments; 
(d) 
if necessary, T2 instruments; 
(e) 
if necessary, all other subordinated liabilities; and 
(f) 
if necessary, unsecured senior liabilities not preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
Disposal of Shares 
The HFSF will decide on the way and procedure for disposing its shares at a time it deems appropriate, 
whether in a single transaction or a series of transactions, in compliance with Article 8 of the HFSF Law as 
amended by Greek Law 4783/2021, and in any case within five years from entry into force of Greek Law 
4340/2015 and in compliance with the EU state aid rules. The disposal of shares within the time limits 
stipulated above may not be made to any entity belonging directly or indirectly to the Hellenic Republic, in 
accordance with Greek law. The Greek Minister of Finance, following a proposal by the HFSF, has the 
power to extend the above- mentioned periods. This five-year deadline has been extended until 1 November 
2022, following the HFSF’s proposal, by decision No 121476/2020 of the Ministry of Finance (GG Β 
4739/26.10.2020). 
The disposal takes place in a manner that is consistent with the purposes of the HFSF. Without prejudice to 
the relevant provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and Greek law 4706/2020, the disposal 
may take place by a public offer or an offer to one or more specific investors: (i) through an open contest or 
interest solicitation from selected investors; (ii) through exchange trade orders; (iii) by public offer of shares 
for cash or in exchange of other securities; and (iv) by book building.  
The HFSF may reduce its participation in credit institutions through a share capital increase of the credit 
institutions by waiving or disposing of its pre-emption rights. 
Specific Information on the Warrants issued by the HFSF 
According to Article 7 paragraph 4 of the HFSF Law, as in force and of Cabinet Act 38/2012 (as amended) 
issued on 26 June 2013, 245,779,626 warrants were granted to private investors participating in the capital 
increase of the Bank in 2013 according to the HFSF Law and Cabinet Act 38/2012. Trading of the warrants 
on the Athens Exchange began on 27 June 2013. 
Warrants were transferable securities with no restrictions concerning their transfer. Each warrant 
incorporated the right of its holder to purchase HFSF shares, the corresponding number of which is 
determined based on the provisions of Cabinet Act 38/2012, as amended and in force. The warrants did not 
provide voting rights to holders or owners thereof. 
The warrants could be exercised every six months, with the first exercise date being six months following 
their issuance and the last exercise date being fifty-four (54) months following their issuance. The ninth and 
final exercise date (27 December 2017) was the date of expiry of the warrants. 
After the end of the ninth and final exercise process (27 December 2017), and following the settlement of 
participation orders including the fractional shares, 2,538 warrants in total on shares issued by the Bank and 
owned by the HFSF were exercised. The exercised warrants corresponded to 1,391 common shares, i.e. to 
0.00002% of the total share capital, increasing commensurately the Bank’s free float. The total consideration 
paid by the warrant holders to the HFSF amounted to €112,803.57.

--- Page 250 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
250 
 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the HFSF Law and Cabinet Act 43/2015, which amended Cabinet Act 
38/2012, the warrants which were not exercised until that date automatically expired and were cancelled by 
the HFSF after the settlement date of the exercise orders on 29 December 2017. 
Monitoring Trustee  
Information in respect of the Monitoring Trustee is included in “Management and Employees – Monitoring 
Trustee” above. 
Capital Controls 
As of 1 September 2019, the restrictions on cash withdrawals and capital transfers have been repealed by 
virtue of Article 86 of Law 4624/2019. All relevant Ministerial Decisions and Decisions of the Committee 
for the approval of banking transactions that were adopted during the period that the restrictions on cash 
withdrawals and capital transfers were in force have been repealed by the abovementioned Article of Law 
4624/2019 as well. 
Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals 
Settlement of Amounts Due by Indebted Individuals under Greek Law 4738/2020 (entry into force from 1 
March or 1 June 2021) 
Greek Law 4738/2020 (the Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law) will regulate the 
settlement of debts from its entry into force (1 March or 1 June 2021, depending on the applicable 
provision). Greek Laws 3869/2010 and 4605/2019 shall no longer apply, save for applications already filed. 
On 27 October 2020, Greek Law 4738/2020 was published in the Official Government Gazette (Issue 
A/No.207/27.10.2020) consolidating the provisions of several statutes dealing with excessive indebtedness 
and debt settlement (such as Greek laws 4469/2017, 3869/2010, 3588/2007, 4605/2019 and 4307/2014) into 
one comprehensive legal framework of expanded scope, with all existing tools for debt settlement 
consolidated, regardless of their subject (inter alia indebted households, protection of main residence and 
extrajudicial settlement mechanisms). Upon entry into force of Greek Law 4738/2020, (1.3.2021 or 1.6.2021, 
depending on the applicable provision), the provisions of the currently applicable Greek Bankruptcy Code 
(Greek Law 3588/2007) are repealed (see also “Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral” below).  
Moreover, the ability to submit applications under the debt settlement schemes of Greek Law 3869/2010 and 
4307/2014 will no longer be available but such laws will continue to govern procedures already opened 
under such provisions. 
Greek Law 4738/2020 establishes a special regime for protecting main residences of eligible individuals 
considered to be vulnerable distressed debtors, which provides for a sale and lease back scheme for main 
residences and the establishment of a new organisation to implement the relevant process. The definition of 
vulnerable debtors is aligned with the criteria set out in Article 3 of Greek Law 4472/2017 (i.e. the eligibility 
criteria for the provision of housing benefits, including, inter alia, an individual yearly income cap set at 
€9,600). The objective of the new framework is the liquidation of a debtor’s main residence for the purposes 
of debt settlement, without the vulnerable debtor having to relocate or definitively lose ownership of their 
asset. This is effected by the establishment of a Sale and Lease-Back private entity, contracting with the 
Greek State pursuant to a call for tenders of the latter.  
According to this scheme, in the event that a vulnerable debtor is declared insolvent or that enforcement 
proceedings regarding their main residence are initiated, the debtor may submit a request under the new 
regime, which then acquires ownership right over the debtor’s immovable property at market value price as 
determined by a certified valuator. In return, the new organisation shall lease the same property to the debtor 
for twelve (12) years for a set amount of monthly rent (to be determined primarily based on the applicable 
housing loans’ average interest rate). However, regarding the purchase price it should be noted that in case

--- Page 251 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
251 
 
 
that the request is submitted in the context of an auction and the first offer price is significantly higher (15% 
or more) than the valuation price, then the purchase price shall be the lower of the first offer price and the 
price provided by a second independent evaluator. Should no third-party, holder of right in rem, pose any 
objections to the transfer, the Sale and Lease-Back Entity shall purchase the residence free of any 
encumbrance or claim. The debtor maintains their status as beneficiary of the aforementioned housing 
benefits of Greek Law 4472/2017, which are now credited to the Sale and Lease-Back Entity as a partial 
payment of the relevant lease instalment. The lease shall be terminated in the event that the debtor has 
defaulted on three installments and remains in default for at least one month after relevant notice is served. 
The termination of the lease shall lead to the abolishment of the debtor’s buyback rights. It is further noted 
that the any rights of the debtor deriving from the lease are non-transferable, save for instances of universal 
succession. 
The debtor may be entitled to re-purchase the property at a price objectively determined under the provisions 
of the said Law upon fulfilment of their rental payment obligations. After full repayment by the debtor (at 
the end of the 12-year period or prior to that), they (or their successors) are entitled to exercise a buyback 
right. The buyback price shall be defined pursuant to a Decision of the Minister of Finance, in accordance 
with Article 225 of Greek Law 4738/2020, yet to be issued.   
Non-performing loans and loans in arrears  
Pursuant to Article 72 of Greek Law 4389/2016 a governmental council for private debt management (the 
Council) has been created, whose objective is, among others: 
(a) 
to form and disclose the strategy and policies for the organization of an integrated mechanism for the 
effective administration of private debt, as well as to form and review an action plan with binding 
timetables for the implementation of the abovementioned strategy, 
(b) 
to identify weaknesses and propose amendments to the existing legal framework, both in terms of 
substance and procedure to enhance the effectiveness of private debt resolution issues, including the 
acceleration of the procedures relating to delayed loan repayment and the improvement of the legal 
framework governing the real estate market; 
(c) 
to define actions of public awareness for the purpose of directly and efficiently informing and 
supporting citizens and other interested parties with respect to taking decisions on the above matters; 
(d) 
to create a network for the provision of free consultancy services to individuals and legal entities on 
debt management and for planning of financial management awareness for households and SMEs; 
(e) 
to set any timetables required for the implementation of a strategic plan for the efficient management 
of private debt and monitor whether such timetables are respected; 
The Council provided a definition of “cooperating borrower” specifying when a borrower is classified as 
cooperating towards his/her lenders and assessed a methodology for determining “reasonable living 
expenses”. 
Moreover, Greek Law 4389/2016 (Article 78) provides for a specialised secretariat for private debt 
management responsible for a) supporting the governmental council’s for private debt management work, b) 
organizing and forming the policy for the provision of information and support to citizens interested in 
taking loans and to borrowers, as well as the financial education of households and small-medium 
enterprises, and c) business coordinating of the Steering Committee. Furthermore, Greek Law 4389/2016 
(Article 81 as in force) also provides for 30 Borrowers’ Service Centers, as regional offices of the specialised 
secretariat for private debt management, responsible for informing and supporting natural and legal persons 
(households and small-medium enterprises) and providing financial, legal and consulting services regarding 
taking up loans, management of debts and in general financial management issues. By virtue of Article 3 of

--- Page 252 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
252 
 
 
Greek Law 4738/2020, access to the same Borrowers’ Service Centers is expanded to all natural persons not 
deriving income through business activities or freelance professional activity, in the sense of Articles 21 and 
47 of Greek Law 4172/2013, which have been classified as medium or high insolvency risk, in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 2 of Greek Law 4738/2020. 
Additionally, Greek Law 4224/2013, as in force, provides for the establishment, by virtue of a decision of 
the Bank of Greece, of a Code of Conduct for NPLs. 
Greek Law 4224/2013, as in force, in conjunction with ministerial decision No. 5921/2015, provides that the 
consumer ombudsman will act extra judicially as mediator solely for the amicable settlement of the dispute 
between lenders and borrowers for the purpose of settling non- accruing loans within the framework of the 
Code of Conduct for the management of non- accruing loans. 
In the implementation of the above the Bank of Greece has published regulatory framework concerning the 
management of loans in arrears and non-accruing loans and specifically: 
• 
Bank of Greece Executive Committee’s Act No 175/29.7.2020 adopted EBA Guidelines on 
management of non-performing and forborne exposures. ‘Credit institutions with a NPL ratio below 
5% on a solo or consolidated basis shall apply certain provisions of this Act.  
This Act imposes, among others, the following obligations on credit institutions: 
(a) Credit institutions should establish an NPE strategy to target a time-bound reduction of NPEs 
over a realistic but sufficiently ambitious time horizon (NPE reduction targets). The NPE 
strategy should lay out the credit institution’s approach and objectives regarding effective 
management to maximise recoveries and ultimately a reduction in NPE stocks in a clear, 
credible and feasible manner for each relevant portfolio.  
(b) The overarching strategy of a credit institution and its implementation should cover the NPE 
strategy and operational plan. 
(c) Credit institutions should establish dedicated NPE workout units (NPE WUs) that are 
independent from loan origination activities. 
(d) Credit institutions should set up different NPE WUs for the different phases of the NPE life 
cycle and also for different portfolios, if appropriate. 
(e) Homogeneous portfolios should be built up in order to tailor treatments specifically to NPEs. 
Credit institutions should consider designing customised processes for each portfolio, with a 
dedicated expert team taking ownership of each. NPE portfolios should be analysed with a high 
degree of granularity, resulting in clearly defined borrower subportfolios. For these analyses, 
credit institutions should develop appropriate management information systems (MIS) and 
sufficiently high data quality. 
(f) Effective and efficient internal control processes should be implemented for the NPE workout 
framework in order to ensure full alignment between the NPE strategy and operational plan on 
the one hand and the credit institution’s overall business strategy and risk appetite on the other 
hand. 
(g) Forbearance measures should aim to return the borrower to a sustainable performing repayment 
status, taking into account the amount due and minimising expected losses. 
(h) Credit institutions should monitor the repayment capacity of borrowers.

--- Page 253 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
253 
 
 
(i) When granting forbearance measures to performing exposures, credit institutions should assess 
whether these measures lead to a need to reclassify the exposure as non-performing. Granting 
forbearance measures to NPEs does not clear their non-performing status. 
(j) Credit institutions should estimate loss allowances for NPEs and FBEs subject to impairment in 
accordance with the Bank of Greece Executive Committee’ s Act No 150/3.10.2018 on credit 
risk management practices and accounting for expected credit losses. 
(k) Key elements are provided for collateral valuation of immovable and movable property pledged 
for NPEs 
(l) Regular reporting should be provided to the Board of Directors of each credit institutions and to 
the Bank of Greece. 
• 
Decision No. 392/1/31.5.2021 of the Credit and Insurance Committee of the Bank of Greece revised 
the Code of Conduct under Greek Law 4224/2013 and repealed and replaced the relevant Decision 
No 195/1/29.7.20 of the Credit and Insurance Committee Decision 195/1/29.7.2016.  
The provisions of this Code of Conduct shall apply to supervised institutions (including credit 
institutions, branches of foreign institutions, credit companies, microfinance institutions) that grant 
any type of loans or provide any type of credit or puruse the financial leasing activity in Greece. For 
the purpose of reaching forbearce or resolution and closure solutions, the Code of Conduct shall also 
apply to loans guaranteed by the Greek State, without prejudice to, in relation to the implementation 
of any solution reached, the Greek State’s consent, where such consent is required under the 
guarantee agreement.  
This Code lays down general principles of conduct and introduces best practices aimed to foster 
trust, mutual commitment and exchange between borrowers and institutions of the necessary 
information so that each party can weigh the benefits of the consequences of alternative forbearance 
or resolution and closure solutions for loans in arrears, with the ultimate goal of selecting the most 
appropriate solution following case-by-case assessment.  
By its Executive Committee Act Decision No. 175/2/29.7.2020, the Bank of Greece has provided 
guidelines to supervised entities on the design and evaluation of sustainable types of forebearance 
solutions, whose objective is the return of the borrower to a sustainable payment status, taking into 
account the outstanding amount of debt, while minimising the expected losses and ensuring 
compliance with the applicable consumet protections requirements. Indicative types of solutions 
were provided in the same Act, which are developed by taking into consideration the repayment 
capacity of each borrower (natural or legal person). For the purpose of this Code, an “appropriate 
solution” shall be considered to be one which ensures the supervised institutions compliance with its 
supervisory requirements and, at the same time, duly takes into consideration the borrower’s overall 
financial situation. If the parties fail to reach a mutually acceptable solution, then their dispute may 
be resolved through alternative dispute resolution mechanisms or mediation procedures or in and out 
of court debt restructuring procedures in accordance with EU and national legislation, or by the 
competent courts of law. 
The Code of Conduct requires, inter alia, the establishment of detailed written policies and 
procedures for loans in arrears with a categorisation classification including a detailed and 
documentary appeals review procedure and provisions on treatment of non-cooperating borrowers. 
Moreover, the establishment of detailed and documented communication policies and procedures are 
also required, dealing with, among others, the standardisation of the content of communications, the 
manner, timing, frequency and confidentiality of communications. For the purposes of the Code, any 
provision applying to a borrower in arrears shall also apply to the respective guarantor(s) of the debt.

--- Page 254 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
254 
 
 
Each institution bound by the Code of Conduct shall demonstrate at any time to the Bank of Greece 
its compliance with the requirements of the Code of Conduct.     
In handling borrowers (natural persons and micro-enterprises) in arrears and in cases where 
indications of unlikeliness to pay exist, every institution shall apply an Arrears Resolution Procedure 
(the ARP) involving the following steps: 
• 
Step 1: Communication with the borrower 
• 
Step 2: Collection of financial and other information from the borrower 
• 
Step 3: Assessment of financial data 
• 
Step 4: Proposal of appropriate solution 
• 
Step 5: Appeals review procedure 
The Bank of Greece will not deal with individual cases of disputes between creditors and borrowers 
that may arise from the implementation of the Code of Conduct. 
It is noted that the following are excluded from the scope of the Arrears Resolution Procedure: 
- 
Claims against a borrower not exceeding the amount of one thousand euro (€1,000) in the case of 
claims against borrowers which are natural persons; or the amount of five thousand euro (€5,000) in 
cases of borrowers which are legal persons/micro enterprises. 
Capital requirements for banks' non-performing loans 
On 9 April 2019, the Council adopted a new framework for dealing with banks' non-performing loans. The 
new rules set capital requirements applying to banks with NPLs on their balance sheets. On the basis of a 
common definition of NPLs, the proposed new rules introduce a "prudential backstop", i.e. common 
minimum loss coverage for the amount of money banks need to set aside to cover losses caused by future 
loans that turn non-performing. Different coverage requirements will apply depending on the classifications 
of the NPLs as "unsecured" or "secured" and whether the collateral is movable or immovable: 
Minimum coverage level (in %) 
 
After year 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
Secured by 
immovable 
collateral 
0% 
0% 
25% 
35% 
55% 
70% 
80% 
85% 100% 
Secured by 
movable collateral 
0% 
0% 
25% 
35% 
55% 
80% 
100% 
 
 
Unsecured 
0% 
35% 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subsequently, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards 
minimum loss coverage for NPEs was published in the Official Journal of the European Union. Furthermore, 
according to the said Regulation by way of derogation from the new amended provisions of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation, institutions shall not deduct from CET1 items the applicable amount of 
insufficient coverage for NPEs where the exposure was originated prior to 26 April 2019. Where the terms

--- Page 255 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
255 
 
 
and conditions of an exposure which was originated prior to 26 April 2019 are modified by the institution in 
a way that increases the institution's exposure to the obligor, the exposure shall be considered as having been 
originated on the date when the modification applies and shall cease to be subject to the derogation provided 
above. 
Regulation (EU) 2020/873 (the CRR Quick Fix) amended Regulations (EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) No 
2019/876 as regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. By this Regulation, the EU 
temporarily adapted banking rules in order to maximise the capacity of banks to lend money and support 
households and businesses to recover from the COVID-19 crisis. The targeted amendments concern, among 
others, changes to the minimum amount of capital that banks are required to hold for NPLs under the 
"prudential backstop". In particular, the preferential treatment of NPLs guaranteed by export credit agencies 
will be extended to other public sector guarantors in the context of measures aimed at mitigating the 
economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On the 20 March 2017, the ECB published final guidance on NPLs. The guidance outlined measures, 
processes and best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The guidance called on 
banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic approach regarding the 
problem of NPLs, including areas such as governance and risk management. The ECB did not stipulate 
quantitative targets to reduce NPLs. Instead, it asked banks to devise a strategy that could include a range of 
policy options such as NPL work-out, servicing, and portfolio sales.  
The NPL guidance is non-binding in nature. However, banks should explain and substantiate any deviations 
upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into consideration in the SSM regular SREP and non-
compliance may trigger supervisory measures.  
This guidance does not intend to substitute or supersede any applicable regulatory or accounting requirement 
or guidance from existing EU regulations or directives and their national transpositions or equivalent, or 
guidelines issued by the EBA. Instead, the guidance is a supervisory tool with the aim of clarifying the 
supervisory expectations regarding NPL identification, management, measurement and write-offs in areas 
where existing regulations, directives or guidelines are silent or lack specificity. Where binding laws, 
accounting rules and national regulations on the same topic exist, banks should comply with those.  
Moreover, on the 15 March 2018 the ECB published the addendum to the ECB Guidance to banks on NPLs. 
The addendum supplements the qualitative NPL guidance and specified the ECB’s supervisory expectations 
for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs. The addendum is non-binding and will serve as the basis for 
the supervisory dialogue between the significant banks and ECB Banking Supervision. The addendum 
addresses loans classified as NPLs in line with the EBA’s definition after 1 April 2018. In fact, the 
addendum sets out an expectation that, as of 1 April 2018, new unsecured NPLs will be fully covered after a 
period of two years from the date of their classification as NPLs. For example, the supervisor would expect a 
loan that is classified as an unsecured NPL on 1 May 2018 to be fully provisioned for by May 2020. For new 
secured NPLs, a certain level of provisioning is expected after three years of classification as an NPL, or 
“NPL vintage”, which then increases over time until year seven. In this case, if a secured loan were classified 
as an NPL on 1 May 2018, the supervisor would expect this NPL to be at least 40% provisioned for by May 
2021, and totally provisioned by May 2025.  
Furthermore, according to its press release dated 22 August 2019, the ECB has decided to revise its 
supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of new NPEs specified in the “Addendum to the ECB 
Guidance to banks on non-performing loans” (the Addendum). The decision was made after taking into 
account the adoption of Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as 
regards minimum loss coverage for NPEs, that outlines the Pillar 1 treatment for NPEs. In order to make the 
treatment of NPEs more consistent, the following changes have been made to the supervisory expectations 
communicated in the ECB’s Addendum:

--- Page 256 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
256 
 
 
• 
the scope of the ECB’s supervisory expectations for new NPEs will be limited to NPEs arising from 
loans originated before 26 April 2019, which are not subject to Pillar 1 NPE treatment; 
• 
NPEs arising from loans originated from 26 April 2019 onwards will be subject to Pillar 1 treatment, 
with the ECB paying close attention to the risks arising from them; and 
• 
the relevant prudential provisioning time frames, the progressive path to full implementation and the 
split of secured exposures, as well as the treatment of NPEs guaranteed or insured by an official 
export credit agency, have been aligned with the Pillar 1 treatment of NPEs set out in the EU 
regulation.  
All other aspects, including specific circumstances, which may make prudential provisioning expectations 
inappropriate for a specific portfolio/exposure, remain as described in the Addendum. 
Strategy to prevent a future build-up of NPLs across the European Union, as a result of the COVID-
19 crisis 
The European Commission on 16 December 2020 presented a strategy to prevent a future build-up of NPLs 
across the European Union, as a result of the coronavirus crisis. In order to give Member States and the 
financial sector the necessary tools to address a rise of NPLs in the EU's banking sector early on, the 
Commission is proposing a series of actions, including among others: 
Further developing secondary markets for distressed assets: This will allow banks to move NPLs off 
their balance sheets, while ensuring further strengthened protection for debtors. A key step in this process 
would be the adoption of the Commission's proposal on credit servicers and credit purchasers which is 
currently being discussed by the European Parliament and the Council. These rules would reinforce debtor 
protection on secondary markets. The Commission sees merit in the establishment of a central electronic data 
hub at EU level in order to enhance market transparency. Such a hub would act as a data repository 
underpinning the NPL market in order to allow a better exchange of information between all actors involved 
(credit sellers, credit purchasers, credit servicers, asset management companies (AMCs) and private NPL 
platforms) so that NPLs are dealt with in an effective manner. On the basis of a public consultation, the 
Commission would explore several alternatives for establishing a data hub at European level and determine 
the best way forward. One of the options could be to establish the data hub by extending the remit of the 
existing European DataWarehouse (ED). In this context, the EU Commision launched a targeted 
consultation until 8 September 2021 on improving transparency and efficiency in secondary markets for 
NPLs. 
Support the establishment and cooperation of national AMCs at EU level: The Commission stands 
ready to support Member States in setting up national AMCs – if they wish to do so – and would explore 
how cooperation could be fostered by establishing an EU network of national AMCs. While national AMCs 
are valuable because they benefit from domestic expertise, an EU network of national AMCs could enable 
national entities to exchange best practices, enforce data and transparency standards and better coordinate 
actions. The network of AMCs could furthermore use the data hub to coordinate and cooperate with each 
other in order to share information on investors, debtors and servicers. Accessing information on NPL 
markets will require that all relevant data protection rules regarding debtors are respected. 
ECB and EBA guidance on management of NPEs and FBEs 
On 31 October 2018, the EBA published the final guidance on management of NPEs and FBEs. The 
Guidelines, which apply from 30 June 2019, are developed in accordance with the European Council Action 
Plan and aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate prudential tools and frameworks in place to 
manage effectively their NPEs and to achieve a sustainable reduction on their balance sheets. To this end, the 
Guidelines require institutions to establish NPE reduction strategies and introduce governance and 
operational requirements to support them. In particular, the Guidelines specify that institutions should grant

--- Page 257 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
257 
 
 
forbearance measures only with the view to return the borrower to a sustainable performing repayment 
status. Moreover, the Guidelines introduce a threshold of 5% of gross NPL ratio as a trigger for developing 
NPE strategies and applying associated governance and operational arrangements. Finally, the Guidelines 
outline requirements for competent authorities' assessment of credit institutions' NPE management activity as 
part of the SREP. The EBA Guidelines on management of NPEs and FBEs of 31 October 2018 were adopted 
by the Bank of Greece by virtue of Act No 175/2/29.7.2020 of its Executive Committee.  
Further to the above and in the context of the financial turmoil triggered by the COVID-19 outbreak, it has 
been decided that banks should be supported as they provide solutions to viable but distressed customers. 
Such support did not refer to stock of NPLs accumulated prior to the outbreak. 
More specifically, in relation to all exposures that will benefit from government guarantees issued by 
Member States in the context of public interventions relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB, within 
its own remit, and within the context of the ECB Guidance on NPLs and the Addendum, extended flexibility 
on the automatic classification of obligors as unlikely to pay, when institutions call on the COVID-19 related 
public guarantees, as allowed under the Guidelines on the application of the definition of default issued by 
the European Banking Authority. 
The preferential treatment foreseen for NPLs guaranteed or insured by Official Export Credit Agencies was 
extended to non-performing exposures that benefit from guarantees granted by national governments or other 
public entities. This ensures alignment with the treatment provided in the CRR Quick Fix. Concretely, this 
means that banks would face a 0% minimum coverage expectation for the first seven years of the NPE 
vintage count. 
The ECB also extended flexibility to the NPL classification of exposures covered by qualifying legislative 
and non-legislative moratoria, following the EBA guidelines on legislative and non-legislative moratoria on 
loan repayments applied in the light of the COVID-19 crisis. The EBA Guidelines on legislative and non-
legislative loan repayments moratoria were published on 2 April 2020 to ensure that banks, while 
maintaining comparable metrics, would be able to grant payment holidays to customers avoiding the 
automatic classification of exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed 
restructuring However, it should be noted that these guidelines were initially applicable until 30 September 
2020. On 2 December 2020, EBA announced that it has decided to reactivate its Guidelines on legislative 
and non-legislative moratoria. This reactivation will ensure that loans, which had previously not benefitted 
from payment moratoria, can also benefit from them. The role of banks to ensure the continued flow of 
lending to clients remains of utmost importance and with the reactivation of these Guidelines, the EBA 
recognises the exceptional circumstances of the second COVID-19 wave. The EBA revised Guidelines, 
which will apply until 31 March 2021, include additional safeguards against the risk of an undue increase in 
unrecognised losses on banks’ balance sheet. 
Guidelines on disclosure of NPEs and FBEs 
On 17 December 2018, the EBA published the final guidelines on disclosure of NPEs and FBEs. Such 
disclosure shall allow the market participants and interested parties to have a clearer picture of the quality of 
the banks’ assets, NPEs’ and FBEs’ main features and, in cases of troubled banks, the distribution of their 
problematic assets and the value of the collaterals backing such assets. The Guidelines include a group of 
common standards applicable to any bank and another group of additional standards applicable to significant 
credit institutions with gross NPL ratio at 5% or higher. 
Asset protection scheme (“Hercules and Hercules 2”) for banks in Greece 
On 10 October 2019, the European Commission announced that it has found Greek plans aimed at 
supporting the reduction of NPLs of Greek banks to be free of any State aid. The Commission found that, 
under the asset protection scheme (known by the name of “Hercules”), the Greek State will be remunerated 
in line with market conditions for the risk it will assume by granting a guarantee on securitised NPLs. The

--- Page 258 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
258 
 
 
asset protection scheme is designed to assist banks in securitising and moving NPLs off their balance sheets. 
Under the scheme, an individually managed, private securitisation vehicle will buy NPLs from the bank and 
sell notes to investors. The State will provide a public guarantee for the senior, less risky notes of the 
securitisation vehicle. In exchange, the State will receive remuneration at market terms. 
Greek law 4649/2019, as amended by Greek law 4818/2021 (Hercules) provides the terms and conditions 
under which the State guarantee may be provided in the context of NPL securitisation by credit institutions 
under the asset protection scheme. This law provides for the conditions under which the securitisation must 
be implemented in order to qualify for the provision of the State guarantee, in line with decision No. C 
(2019)7309 of the European Commission (the Initial Decision). Such conditions include inter alia, that the 
notes to be issued in the context of the securitisation must include at least senior and junior notes and the 
price paid to the Greek banks for the sale and transfer of NPLs cannot exceed their aggregate net book value. 
The Greek state guarantee will be provided in favour of senior notes for the full repayment of principal and 
interest thereunder throughout the term of the notes. The aggregate commitment of the Greek state under the 
new law amounts to €12 billion. Applications for the provision of the Greek state guarantee may be filed by 
credit institutions, either in the context of securitisations that have already been implemented or for 
securitisations that are currently in the process of implementation exclusively within 18 months as of the 
publication date of the decision of the European Commission on the asset protection scheme programme of 
Law 4649/2019. By decision of the Minister of Finance, issued pursuant to the relevant decision of the 
European Commission, the period during which the guarantee may be granted may be extended and the 
terms governing the grant of such guarantee may be amended for the future. The asset protection scheme 
(known by the name of 'Hercules'), was approved by the Commission in October 2019, for an initial duration 
of 18 months. Greece notified the Commission of its plan to prolong the scheme for another 18 months, until 
October 2022. Such extension of the Hercules scheme (Hercules 2) entered into force by virtue of 
Ministerial Decision 45191/13.4.2021. The aggregate commitment under Hercules 2 amounts to an 
additional €12 billion. Under the Extension framework, applications for the provision of the Greek state 
guarantee may be filed exclusively within 18 months as of the publication of decision C (2021) 2545 (the 
Extension Decision) of the European Commission on 9 April 2021. The provision of the Greek state 
guarantee is governed inter alia by the provisions of the Initial Decision and the Extension Decision. 
The Greek State guarantee becomes effective upon (i) transfer through sale against positive value, of at least 
50% plus one of the issued junior notes to private investors and of such number of junior notes, and (if 
issued) mezzanine notes that allows the derecognition of the securitised receivables, (ii) rating of the senior 
tranche of the notes being rated at no less than BB- by an External Credit Assessment Institution (as defined 
in point (98) of Article 4(1) of the Capital Requirements Regulation) and (iii) assignment of the 
administration of the securitised NPL portfolio to an independent special purpose vehicle. If the State 
guarantee has not become effective within 12 months as of the publication of the respective Ministerial 
Decision granting the guarantee, then such decision ceases automatically to be in force and the amount of the 
guarantee is released. There can be no new application for the same securitisation before the lapse of six 
months. Certain ministerial decisions have been issued to set out the details for the implementation of the 
aforementioned law. 
Framework for the management and transfer of claims 
Articles 1-3A of Greek Law 4354/2015, as amended and in force, as well as Executive Committee Act 
118/19.5.2017 as amended and in force establish the framework for the management and transfer of claims 
from loans that can include non-accruing loans and set the requirements for the operation of loan 
management companies and loan transfer companies. Certain loan categories had been temporarily excluded 
from the scope of the permitted sale and transfer until 31 December 2017; in particular such exclusion 
includes loan agreements with mortgage or prenotation of mortgage on first residence of an objective value 
of up to EUR 140,000. 
Bank of Greece’s Executive Committee Act No. 118/19.5.2017, as in force, includes among others 
provisions regarding banning of management of claims against natural and/or legal person who maintain a

--- Page 259 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
259 
 
 
“special relationship” with the aforementioned companies and the obligation of the said companies to 
cooperate with accredited data collection and processing entities with regard to the economic behavior and 
the creditworthiness of debtors. 
The management of claims from loans and credit granted by credit or financial institutions shall be 
undertaken, exclusively by Sociétés Anonymes having their registered offices: 
(a) 
in Greece; or  
(b) 
in another EEA Member-State, which have established a branch in Greece and have the 
aforementioned business activities in their scope. 
Bank of Greece is the competent authority for the issuance of the respective license for such companies.  
Furthermore, the aforementioned companies, following a relevant authorization by Bank of Greece, may 
grant loans or credit to debtors whose loans and/or credit have been managed by them, aiming exclusively at 
the refinancing of the debtors’ loans or the restructuring of the debtor-business on the basis of a restructuring 
plan agreed between the parties and under the consent of the claims’ owner. 
In relation to the agreements for the assignment of claims’ management from non- accruing loans, Greek 
Law 4354/2015 lays down that non-accruing loans management companies may undertake the management 
of claims from loans and/or credit, which have been granted or are granted by credit or financial institutions. 
Said management companies are entitled to initiate any legal proceedings and to proceed with any other 
judicial measures for the collection of claims. 
The transfer of claims from credits and loans granted by credit or financial institutions can take place only 
through sale, under relevant written agreement, in accordance with the provisions in Article 3 of Greek Law 
4354/2015, as in force, and only to: 
(a) 
limited liability companies that according to their articles of association are allowed to engage in 
acquiring claims from loans and credits and they are seated in Greece and are also registered in 
General Commercial Registry (GEMI); 
(b) 
companies that are seated in the EEA and according to their articles of association are allowed to 
engage in in acquiring claims from loans and credits and subject to the provisions of the European 
Union legislation; and 
(c) 
companies that are seated in third countries, and according to their articles of association are allowed 
to engage in acquiring claims from loans and credits, subject to the provisions of the European 
Union legislation and have the discretion to be located in Greece through a branch under certain 
conditions.  
A necessary condition in order for the claims of the credit or financial institutions from non-performing loans 
to be offered for sale, is the extrajudicial invitation of the borrower and the guarantor, if the borrower is 
considered a consumer, within twelve (12) months prior to the offer, to arrange its obligations on the basis of 
a written offer for an appropriate arrangement with specific payment terms according also to the provision of 
the Code of Conduct of Law 4224/2013. Disputed or adjudicated claims as well as claims against non-
cooperative borrowers, are excluded from the abovementioned condition. 
Furthermore, by virtue of Article 48 of Greek Law 4472/2017 certain provisions of Greek Law 4354/2015 
were amended. In line with the new provisions, the credit servicing firms are also allowed to manage the 
property that was offered as collateral for the respective loans and credits and has been transferred to the 
beneficiary of the claim. However, these firms are not allowed to acquire, via transfer or assignment or 
voluntary sale or auction, any property related to the loans and credits serviced by them. Also, the new

--- Page 260 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
260 
 
 
assignee, upon transfer of claims from NPLs, continues the procedure of the Code of Conduct of Law 
4224/2013 from where it was stopped before the transfer. 
Settlement of loans guaranteed by the Greek State 
Ministerial Decision 2/94253/0025, published on 31 December 2018 and with effect one month after its 
publication, set the terms and conditions for the settlement of loans guaranteed by the Greek State pursuant 
to Article 103 of Greek law 4549/2018. Specifically, according to Article 103 of Greek law 4549/2018 and 
the said Decision, credit institutions and borrowers, natural persons and businesses, may proceed with 
settlement of loans guaranteed by the Greek State, without the intervention of the Greek State, according to 
the ordinary banking criteria, on the basis of increasing the probability of repayment of the loan by the 
borrower. The settlement of the aforementioned loans is concluded under specific terms and conditions 
specified in the Ministerial Decision, but without any increase in the liability of the Greek State under the 
guarantee. 
The out-of-court debt settlement process pursuant to Greek Law 4738/2020 (entry into force from 1 June 
2021) 
The Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law, in force from 1 June 2021, establishes a new 
Out-of-Court Debt Settlement mechanism (which replaces the procedure of Greek Law 4469/2017).  
Within the context of the out-of-court debt settlement process provided for by Greek Law 4738/2020, 
individuals or legal entities, eligible to be declared insolvent, may apply for extrajudicial settlement of their 
monetary liabilities to the Greek State or financial institutions and social security institutions provided they 
do not fall under certain exemptions (e.g. 90% of a debtor’s liabilities being owed to a single institution). 
The creditors may accept said invitation at their sole discretion. It is noted that entities falling outside the 
scope of said law, such as investment service providers, mutual funds, credit and (re-)insurance institutions 
may not apply as debtors for this out-of-court settlement. The process may also be initiated by creditors with 
an invitation to debtor(s) to apply within 45 days. Out-of-court settlement applications and relevant creditor 
invitations will be filed digitally to the Special Secretariat for the Administration of Private Debt through the 
electronic platform of the Special Private Debt Management Secretariat (EGDICH). 
With respect to the filing of an out-of-court settlement application, so long as the process is not terminated, 
the procedure of Code of Conduct for NPLs, as well as any enforcement actions and measures, pending or 
not, are automatically suspended. The approval of the debt restructuring proposal requires the debtor's 
consent and the formation of a majority of 3/5 of participating creditors – financial institutions (in terms of 
nominal debt value), which includes 2/5 of participating creditors with special privilege. If the agreement 
concerns a loan secured with the debtor’s main residence, then a subsidy (up to an amount of €210) may be 
granted for instalments due for a period of five years commencing on the date of submission of the 
application under certain conditions, including, inter alia, a de minims provision regarding the amounts owed 
to the Greek State and Social Security Institutions (set at €20,000 ), as well as a cap to the amounts owed to 
each creditor (set at €135,000 for individuals and a maximum of €215,000 per household). Should a debt 
settlement agreement not be signed by the debtor and the participating creditors within two months of the 
application submission date, the application will be rejected. The debt settlement agreement can be 
terminated by any creditor whose claims are covered by the settlement if the debtor is in default for an 
aggregate amount equal either to three payment instalments or 3% of the total amount due under the 
settlement agreement. Termination of the debt settlement agreement will result in the reinstatement of the 
debtor’s liabilities to the terminating creditor to the pre-settlement debt amount after the deduction of any 
amount already paid under the settlement to that date but will not affect the validity and enforceability of the 
settlement agreement vis-à-vis other covered creditors.  
Finally, Article 30 of Greek law 4738/2020 provides the ability for credit institutions to establish common 
policies regarding (indicatively) the conditions of processing and approval of applications, a procedure of

--- Page 261 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
261 
 
 
automated processing, the establishing of notification mechanisms for clients susceptible to financial 
hardship etc.. 
Early warning mechanism and borrowers’ service centres (entry into force from 1 June 2021) 
The Debt Settlement and Facilitation of a Second Chance Law, in force from 1 June 2021, introduces an 
early warning electronic mechanism, supervised by the Special Secretariat for Private Debt Administration 
of Ministry of Finance, in which debtors who apply are classified in three risk levels (low, medium and 
high). If a debtor has been classified as of medium or high risk and is a natural person, then depending on 
their profession or business activity, they can contact either the competent Borrower Service Centers (if they 
don’t earn income from said business or freelance activity) or the relevant Professional Chambers and 
Associations (if they earn income from said business or freelance activity), so that the debtor may receive 
free, specialised advice relating to the status of their debts and the possible options for settling them under 
the Law 4738/2020. 
Settlement of business debts  
Settlement of business debts under Greek law 4738/2020 
Greek Law 4738/2020 has replaced Greek Law 4307/2014 by integrating the latter’s provisions on the power 
of the liquidator to conduct a public tender for the sale of the (totality of) assets/sectors of the business to its 
framework. The expediated liquidation process is followed pursuant to a relevant decision of the bankruptcy 
court on the liquidation of the business or individual operational units. Pursuant to the new framework, there 
is no capacity to submit new applications in accordance with Articles 68-77 of Greek Law 4307/2014, which 
will, however, remain into force, for procedures opened before the entry of Greek Law 4738/2020 into force. 
Extraordinarily, if the creditors’ meeting so decides (in the context of a special administration) the process 
will be able to continue under the provisions of Greek Law 4738/2020 being applied by means of analogy. 
The main differences between the previously applicable and the new expediated liquidation process are the 
following:  
a. A notary public is hired to conduct the auction. 
b. The auction is carried out electronically (namely, through the e-auction platform). 
c. The creditors’ meeting has a more important role, as it approves the liquidator’s choice to liquidate one 
or more business sectors or separate assets. It may provide its approval subject to specific conditions 
(e.g. an amelioration of the proposed sale price). 
In the event that individual assets are liquidated, it is also the objective of Greek Law 4738/2020 to expediate 
the process. In particular, although the procedural aspects are the same as those of Greek Code of Civil 
Procedure, it is noted that there is no legal remedy that can be used to challenge the initial offering price set 
by independent evaluators.  
Interest Rates 
Under Greek law interest rates applicable to bank loans are not subject to a legal maximum, but they must 
comply with certain requirements intended to ensure clarity and transparency, including with regard to their 
readjustments. Specifically, Governor of the Bank of Greece Act No. 2501/31.10.2002 and Decision 
No. 178/19.7.2004 of the Banking and Credit Committee of the Bank of Greece provide that credit 
institutions operating in Greece should, among others, determine their interest rates in the context of the open 
market and free competition rules, taking into consideration the risks undertaken on a case-by-case basis, as 
well as potential changes in the financial conditions and data and information specifically provided by 
parties for this purpose.

--- Page 262 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
262 
 
 
Limitations apply to the compounding of interest under Greek law. In particular, the compounding of interest 
with respect to bank loans and credits only applies if the relevant agreement so provides and is subject to 
limitations that apply under Article 30 of Greek Law 2789/2000 as in force and Article 39 of Greek Law 
3259/2004, as in force. Greek credit institutions must also apply Article 150 of the CRD Law on interest 
rates of loans and other credits pursuant to which credit institutions are precluded from recognising on an 
accrual basis interest on loans or other credits extended, in any form, after the lapse of a time period during 
which recognised interest on loans or other credits remains overdue, which may not exceed six (6) months 
with respect to loans to natural persons fully secured by real estate and three (3) months with respect to debts 
from other credits. After the expiry of the above time period, they shall only be allowed to carry out non-
accounting calculation of interest, including any default and compound interest, where allowed, which shall 
be entered in accounting records if and when collected. 
Moreover, according to Article 150 paragraph 2 of the CRD Law it is prohibited to grant new loans for the 
repayment of overdue interest or to enter into debt settlement having a similar result, unless such actions are 
taken in the context of an agreement for the settlement of the entirety of the debts of the borrower, which 
shall be based on a detailed examination of the borrower’s capacity to fulfil the undertaken obligations under 
specific time frames.  Credit institutions based in Greece may not capitalise interest unless this is provided 
for in the original medium- to long-term financing agreement or in the overall agreement for the settlement 
of the entirety of the debts of the borrower referred to herein above. 
Governor of the Bank of Greece Act No. 2393/15.7.96 provides that default interest applied by credit 
institutions shall not exceed the aggregate applicable contractual interest more than a maximum percentage 
of 2.5% annually. 
Secured Lending 
According to Greek Law 4261/2014, Article 11, among the activities that Greek credit institutions are 
permitted to engage is lending including, inter alia: consumer credit, credit agreements relating to 
immovable property, factoring, with or without recourse, financing of commercial transactions (including 
forfeiting). 
The provisions of legislative decree 17.7/13.08.1923 regulate issues regarding the granting of loans secured 
by in rem rights and Greek Law 3301/2004 regulates issues regarding financial collateral arrangements. 
Mortgage lending is extended mostly on the basis of mortgage pre-notations, which are less expensive and 
easier to record than mortgages and may be converted into full mortgages upon final non-appealable court 
judgment. 
European Directive 2014/17 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property 
lays down a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of 
the EU member states concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or 
otherwise relating to residential immovable property, including an obligation to carry out a creditworthiness 
assessment before granting a credit, as a basis for the development of effective underwriting standards in 
relation to residential immovable property in the EU member states, and for certain prudential and 
supervisory requirements, including for the establishment and supervision of credit intermediaries, appointed 
representatives and non-credit institutions. In Greece, the aforementioned Directive has been transposed into 
Greek legislation by virtue of Greek Law 4438/2016 (published in Government Gazette 220/A/28.11.2016). 
The main provisions of Greek Law 4438/2016, include among others, consumer information requirements, 
principle based rules and standards for the performance of services (e.g. conduct of business obligations, 
competence and knowledge requirements for staff), a consumer creditworthiness assessment obligation, 
provisions on early repayment, provisions on foreign currency loans, provisions on tying practices, some 
high-level principles and a passport for credit intermediaries who meet the admission requirements in their 
home EU member state.

--- Page 263 ---
Regulation and Supervision of Banks in Greece 
 
 
 
263 
 
 
Compulsory Deposits with the Bank of Greece 
As of 26 June 2021, according to ECB Regulation 2021/378 on the application of minimum reserve 
requirements, minimum reserves held by credit institutions shall be calculated using the following reserve 
ratios for each of the liabilities of the reserve base: 
a) a reserve ratio of 0% shall apply to the following categories referred to in Part 2 of Annex II to 
Regulation (EU) 2021/379 (ECB/2021/2): 
i. 
deposits which fulfil one of the following conditions: 
- 
have an agreed maturity over two years; 
- 
are redeemable at notice over two years; and 
- 
are repurchase agreements (repos); and 
ii. 
debt securities issued with an original maturity over two years; and 
b) a reserve ratio of 1% on all other liabilities included in the reserve base. 
This commitment ratio applies to all credit institutions in Greece. 
Restrictions on Enforcement of Granted Collateral  
Moreover, with respect to out-of-court debt settlement mechanism regulated by Greek Law 4738/2020, as in 
force, any individual and collective enforcement measures against the debtor, pending or not, regarding 
claims the settlement of which is pursued through this mechanism, are automatically suspended following 
the execution of a debt settlement agreement. The suspension commences from the submission of the 
debtor’s application to initiate the process, however, any auction that has been scheduled within three 
months following the debtor’s application will not be covered by the suspension. Any preparatory action 
taken by a secured creditor with a view to conducting an auction will also not be affected by the suspension 
Constraints on enforcement of granted collateral were further by the commencement of electronic auctions 
by virtue of Greek Law 4472/2017. The first electronic auction took place in November 2017. Though Greek 
Law 4472/2017 amended Article 959 of Civil Procedure Code and introduced electronic auctions. Greek 
Law 4512/2018 (Article 208) imposed that all auctions shall be performed only electronically from 21 
February 2018, except for auctions that shall be performed under the Code of Collecting Public Revenue 
where the aforementioned apply from 1 May 2018. The e-auction platform is also used for any liquidation 
proceedings conducted under the new Greek Law 4738/2020. Article 168 paragraph 2 of Greek Penal Code, 
as in force, further provides that it is a criminal action for anyone to cause interruption or disruption of the 
proper conduct of the service or auction.

--- Page 264 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
 
264 
 
 
TAXATION 
Greece  
The following is a summary of certain material Greek tax consequences of the ownership and disposal of the 
Notes. The discussion is not exhaustive and does not purport to deal with all the tax consequences applicable 
to all possible categories of Holders, some of whom/which may be subject to special rules, and also does not 
touch upon procedural requirements such as the filing of a tax declaration, proof of tax residency or of 
supporting documentation required. Further, it is not intended as tax advice to any particular Holder and it 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description or analysis of all of the potential tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a Holder in view of such Holder’s particular circumstances.  
The summary is based on the Greek tax laws in force on the date of this Base Prospectus, published case law, 
ministerial decisions and other regulatory acts of the respective Greek authorities as in force at the date 
hereof and does not take into account any developments or amendments that may occur after the date hereof, 
whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. There are also certain tax issues 
which have not been clarified, up to this time, by the tax administration. 
Individuals are assumed not to be acting in the course of business for tax purposes. “Greek tax residents” 
includes the permanent establishments in Greece of non-Greek legal persons and legal entities, where the 
Notes are held through that permanent establishment.  
Tax considerations are subject to the more favourable provisions of any applicable bilateral treaty for the 
avoidance of double taxation (the DTT).  
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes. 
Disposal of Notes—Capital Gains  
Individual Holders – Greek tax residents. Capital gains over the Notes are exempted from income tax over 
capital gains. However, capital gains will be subject to a tax called “solidarity contribution”. The rate of the 
solidarity contribution rises progressively from 2.2% to 10% and is calculated with reference to both taxable 
and tax-exempt annual income exceeding €12,000. In this context it should be noted that the tax authorities 
have expressed the view that the difference between the acquisition value on the secondary market and the 
payment of principal received upon expiry of a corporate bond does not constitute capital gains.  
Individual Holders – Non-Greek tax residents. Capital gains over the Notes are exempted from income 
tax over capital gains. However, capital gains will be subject to a tax called “solidarity contribution”. The 
rate of the solidarity contribution rises progressively from 2.2% to 10% and is calculated with reference to 
both taxable and tax-exempt annual income exceeding €12,000. In this context it should be noted that the tax 
authorities have expressed the view that the difference between the acquisition value on the secondary 
market and the payment of principal received upon expiry of a corporate bond does not constitute capital 
gains. Notwithstanding the above, solidarity contribution qualifies as income tax for the purposes of DTTs 
(Circular No. E2009/2019) therefore, individual holders that are non-Greek tax residents and benefit from 
the provisions of a relevant DTT could be fully or partially exempted from solidarity contribution, insofar as 
the relevant DTT limits or prohibits the taxation of capital gains.  
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Greek tax residents. Taxation of capital gains over 
the Notes is deferred until capitalisation or distribution. Upon capitalisation or distribution, they will be 
taxed at the corporate income tax rate applicable at the time of capitalisation or distribution (at the legal 
person / legal entity level).

--- Page 265 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
265 
 
 
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Non-Greek tax residents. No income would be 
generated in Greece from the disposal of the Notes by legal persons or legal entities which are not resident 
for tax purposes in Greece. 
A. Payments of Interest under the Listed Notes  
“Listed Notes” means Notes which are listed on the EU-regulated market of the Bourse of Luxembourg, or 
on another trading venue within the meaning of article 4 of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
Individual Holders – Greek tax residents. Payments of interest under the Listed Notes by the Issuer to 
individual Holders of the Listed Notes who are Greek tax residents are subject to income tax at a flat rate of 
15%, which exhausts their tax liability for income tax in Greece. Where payment is made through a Greek 
paying agent, the entire amount of tax will be withheld by the paying agent. Interest from the Listed Notes 
will be subject to a further tax called “solidarity contribution”. The rate of the solidarity contribution rises 
progressively from 2.2% to 10% and is calculated with reference to both taxable and tax-exempt annual 
income exceeding €12,000.  
Individual Holders – Non-Greek tax residents. Payments of interest under the Listed Notes by the Issuer 
to individual Holders who are non-Greek tax residents are exempted from income tax and solidarity 
contribution. Where payment is made through a Greek paying agent, the Holder must file appropriate proof 
of tax residency, so as not to be subjected to withholding on the payment of interest. 
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Greek tax residents. Payments of interest by the 
Issuer to legal persons and legal entities which are Holders of the Listed Notes and which are Greek tax 
residents will be treated as part of their annual income. The income tax rate for legal persons and legal 
entities is 22% for income generated in 2021 (29% for credit institutions participating in the scheme allowing 
for the conversion of deferred tax assets into final deferred tax credits against the State under certain 
circumstances). Where payment is made through a Greek paying agent, a withholding of 15% will be applied 
to the payment, which will be treated as an advance over income tax for that financial year. 
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Non-Greek tax residents. Payments of interest by 
the Issuer to legal persons and legal entities which are Holders of the Listed Notes and which are non-Greek 
tax residents are exempted from income tax. Where payment is made through a Greek paying agent, the 
Holder must file appropriate proof of tax residency so as not to be subjected to withholding over the payment 
of interest. 
B. Payments of Interest under the Non-Listed Notes 
“Non-Listed Notes” means Notes which are not listed in a trading venue, within the meaning of article 4 of 
Directive 2014/65/EU. 
Withholding tax and gross-up 
Payments of interest under the Non-Listed Notes are subject to Greek income withholding tax and, under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, where Extended Gross-Up is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to one limited exception (which would not apply while the Non-Listed Notes 
are represented by Global Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg), the Issuer is 
required to gross up such payments in order that Holders receive such amounts as would have been received 
by them if no such withholding had been required (see Condition 12.1 (Gross-up)). In this case, depending 
on applicable income tax rules in the tax jurisdiction(s) to which they are subject, the income received by a 
Holder for tax purposes may be the gross amount paid by the Issuer, rather than the net amount received by 
the Holder.

--- Page 266 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
266 
 
 
The attention of Holders is also drawn to the fact that, if the Greek law on income tax withholding changes 
in the future and payments of interest under the Non-Listed Notes to Non-Greek Legal Persons (as defined in 
Condition 2 (Interpretation)) cease to be subject to Greek income withholding tax, the obligation of the 
Issuer to gross up interest payments will be limited. Please see Condition 12.1 (Gross-up). In such 
circumstances, Holders may remain subject to income tax withholding, if any is applicable, and (if so) may 
cease to benefit from any grossing-up of interest payments by the Issuer.  
Individual Holders – Greek tax residents. Payments of interest under the Non-Listed Notes by the Issuer 
to individual Holders of the Non-Listed Notes who are Greek tax residents are subject to income tax at a flat 
rate of 15%, which exhausts their tax liability for income tax in Greece. The entire amount of tax will be 
withheld by the Issuer. Interest from the Non-Listed Notes will be subject to a further tax called “solidarity 
contribution”. The rate of the solidarity contribution rises progressively from 2.2% to 10% and is calculated 
with reference to both taxable and tax-exempt annual income exceeding €12,000.  
Individual Holders – Non-Greek tax residents. Payments of interest by the Issuer to individual Holders of 
the Non-Listed Notes who are non-Greek tax residents are subject to income tax at a flat rate of 15% (insofar 
as there is no applicable DTT in force providing othersie), which exhausts their tax liability for income tax in 
Greece withheld by the Issuer. Where this is the case, appropriate documentation to this effect must be filed 
for the DTT provisions to be applied. In any case, interest will be subject to a further tax called “solidarity 
contribution”. The rate of the solidarity contribution rises progressively from 2.2% to 10% and is calculated 
with reference to both taxable and tax-exempt annual income exceeding €12,000. Notwithstanding the 
above, solidarity contribution qualifies as income tax for the purpose of DTTs (Circular no. E2009/2019), 
therefore, individual holders that are non-Greek tax residents and benefit from the provisions of a relevant 
DTT could be fully or partially exempted from solidarity contribution, insofar as the relevant DTT limits or 
prohibits the taxation of interest.  
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Greek tax residents. Payments of interest by the 
Issuer to legal persons and legal entities which are Holders of the Non-Listed Notes and which are Greek tax 
residents will be treated as part of their annual income. The income tax rate for legal persons and legal 
entities is 22% for income generated in 2021 (29% for credit institutions participating in the scheme allowing 
for the conversion of deferred tax assets into final deferred tax credits against the State under certain 
circumstances). A withholding of 15% will be applied to the payment, which will be treated as an advance 
over income tax for that financial year.  
Holders which are Legal Persons or Legal Entities – Non-Greek tax residents. Payments of interest by 
the Issuer to legal persons and legal entities which are Holders of the Non-Listed Notes and which are non-
Greek tax residents are subject to income tax at a flat rate of 15%, withheld by the Issuer, which exhausts 
their tax liability for income tax in Greece insofar as there is no applicable DTT in force limiting or 
prohibiting the taxation of interest. If this is the case, appropriate documentation must be filed for the DTT 
provisions to be applied.  
Luxembourg 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax 
of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only.

--- Page 267 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
267 
 
 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of 
the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held 
by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 as 
amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium 
or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of 
Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by 
Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established 
in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a 
withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for 
the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the 
Notes coming within the scope of the Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.  
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions have

--- Page 268 ---
Taxation 
 
 
 
268 
 
 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects 
of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not 
apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not 
otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer).  However, if 
additional Notes (as described under Condition 18 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult 
their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 269 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
 
269 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be issued from time to time by any Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers 
are set out in a Programme Agreement dated 17 December 2021, as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time (the Programme Agreement) and made between the Bank and the Dealers. Any 
such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, 
the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of any such subscription. The Programme 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Code). 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (Regulation S Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it has not offered and 
sold, and will not offer or sell Notes of any Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
later of the date of issue of the relevant Tranche of Notes and the completion of the distribution of such 
Tranche, in each case except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes of such Tranche during the distribution compliance period (other than 
pursuant to Rule 144A) a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of such 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale of 
Notes of such Tranche within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an applicable exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of Notes in registered form to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such 
purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering

--- Page 270 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
270 
 
 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if it was not an authorised person, 
apply to the Bank; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Hellenic Republic  
The offering of the Notes has not been submitted to the approval procedure of the HCMC provided for by 
the Prospectus Regulation and Law 4706/2020, as in force. Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell the Notes by any form of solicitation or advertising in the Hellenic Republic 
that would not fall under the exemptions of article 1 paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Regulation and article 58

--- Page 271 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
271 
 
 
par. 1 of Law 4706/2020 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not and 
will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that, in relation to a private placement in 
France, it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in 
France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes, and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to (a) 
providers of investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties and/or (b) 
qualified investors (investisseurs qualifies) acting for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance 
with, Articles L.41l-l, L.411-2 and D.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulation; or 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 
of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of  15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the Italian Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, 
pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority.

--- Page 272 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
272 
 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferable within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
 
Unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA), that all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes

--- Page 273 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
 
273 
 
 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.  
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 274 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
274 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus.  Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). However, Notes 
may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a decision of the Bank’s Board of Directors dated 27 
October 2021 and an authorising act executed by the Bank’s Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Paul Mylonas 
dated 25 November 2021. The Bank has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. Any issue of Notes 
is subject to the prior decision of the Bank’s competent body or person.   
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds or, if applicable an amount equal to the net proceeds,of the issue of each Tranche of Notes 
will be applied by the Group, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms relating to the relevant Tranche of 
Notes, either (a) to meet part of its general financing requirements; or (b) to finance or refinance, in whole or 
in part, Green Projects and Social Projects (as defined below). 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green 
Bond Principles, only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Green Projects will be denominated 
“Green Bonds”.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles, only Tranches of Notes 
financing or refinancing Social Projects will be denominated “Social Bonds”.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Tranches of Notes 
financing or refinancing Green Projects and Social Projects will be denominated “Sustainable Bonds”.  
On or before the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, further details on Green Projects 
are provided in the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework in effect at the time of issuance of the 
relevant issue of Green Bonds and further details on Social Projects will be provided in a framework which 
will be made available on the Bank’s website at www.nbg.gr and may be updated from time to time. 
Definitions: 
Green Projects means financings of renewable energy, energy efficiency, sustainability mobility, 
sustainability water, circular economy and green buildings projects and assets which meet a set of 
environmental criteria as further determined in accordance with the National Bank of Greece Green Bond 
Framework in effect at the time of issuance of the relevant issue of Green Bonds. 
Social Projects means small and medium-sized enterprises financing and financing of non-profit and civil 
economy to support access to essential services which meet a set of social criteria.

--- Page 275 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
275 
 
 
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks to 
determine the Issuer’s environmental robustness) has evaluated the National Bank of Greece Green Bond 
Framework in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus and has issued a second party opinion on such 
framework verifying its credibility, impact and alignment with the International Capital Markets Association 
Green Bond Principles 2018. The second-party opinion is available on the Bank’s website at 
https://www.nbg.gr/english/the-group/investor-relations/dept-
investors/Documents/National%20Bank%20of%20Greece%20Green%20Bond%20Framework%20Second%
20Party%20Opinion.pdf. 
The Issuer strives to monitor the development of the green bond market to continually advance the 
sustainable terms of the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework. Accordingly, the National Bank 
of Greece Green Bond Framework may be updated from time to time during the life of any Tranche of the 
Notes to reflect current market practices. The amended National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework 
would be subject to the relevant internal and external review processes and a new second-party opinion on 
the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework would be obtained in connection with any such 
amendment. Holders would not be entitled to vote on such cases. Any amendments to the National Bank of 
Greece Green Bond Framework and any new second-party opinion on the National Bank of Greece Green 
Bond Framework will be published and will be available on the Bank’s website at the address above.  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed, with respect to the Bank, in “Description of the Group – Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings” at pages 193-194, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware), during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on the Bank's or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
No significant or material change 
Save for the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Bank and the Group (as further described in the 
section of the Board of Directors Report headed “Response to COVID-19 crisis” of the 2020 Annual 
Financial Statements and in the September 2021 Interim Financial Statements, Note 20 “Risks Related to the 
COVID-19 Outbreak”, which are incorporated by reference herein), there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Bank or the Group since 31 December 2020. There has been no significant 
change in the financial performance or position of the Bank or the Group since 30 September 2021. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents will, when published, be available for 
inspection 
from 
https://www.nbg.gr/en/the-group/investor-relations/dept-
investors/globalmediumtermnoteprogramme: 
(a) 
the Base Prospectus together with any supplement or further prospectus (the Base Prospectus 
together with any supplement or further prospectus will also be obtainable, free of charge); 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) 
the Procedures Memorandum;

--- Page 276 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
276 
 
 
(e) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on any stock exchange (such Final Terms will 
also be obtainable, free of charge). (In the case of any Notes which are not listed on any stock 
exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to the relevant Noteholders); 
(f) 
any supplemental agreement prepared and published in connection with the Programme;  
(g) 
in addition, this Base Prospectus is and, in the case of Notes to be listed on the official list and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final 
Terms will be, available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu; and 
(h) 
the National Bank of Greece Green Bond Framework of the Issuer in respect of the application of 
the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds. For the avoidenca of doubt, the National Bank of Greece 
Green Bond Framework is incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus;  
 
and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Bank will be available for inspection from 
https://www.nbg.gr/en/the-group/corporate-governance/regulations-principles. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading in 
book-entry form by DTC.  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The 
address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of America. 
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents will, when published, be available for 
inspection from https://www.nbg.gr/en/the-group/investor-relations/financial-information/annual-interim-
financial-statements: 
(a) 
the published annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the Bank 
for the two most recent financial years ended prior to the date of this Base Prospectus; and  
(b) 
any subsequent interim financial statements of the Group and the Bank. 
Independent Auditors 
The Group and Bank 2020 Annual Financial Statements and 2019 Annual Financial Statements prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have 
been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A., being certified public accountants. PricewaterhouseCoopers 
S.A. are members of the Body of Certified Public Accountants in Greece (SOEL) and are also registered 
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) and Hellenic Accounting and Auditing 
Oversight Board (ELTE). 
With respect to the Group and Bank 2021 June Interim Financial Statements included in this Base 
Prospectus, PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A. reported that they have applied limited procedures in accordance 
with professional standards for the review of such information. However, their separate report dated 6

--- Page 277 ---
General Information 
 
 
 
277 
 
 
August 2021 appearing herein state that they did not audit and they do not express an opinion on that 
unaudited financial information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their report on such information 
should be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.  
Conflict of interest  
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, 
which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment 
management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. Certain of the Dealers and 
their respective affiliates may have performed investment banking and advisory services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates from time to time for which they may have received fees, expenses, reimbursements and/or other 
compensation. The Dealers or their respective affiliates may, from time to time, engage in transactions with 
and perform advisory and other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of their 
business. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions 
with the Issuer and its affiliates, including in relation to the hedging of the Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their respective affiliates have acted and expect in the future to act as a lender 
to the Issuer and/or other members of the Group and/or otherwise participate in transactions with the Group. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, the Arrangers, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
86 Eolou Street 
10559 Athens 
Greece 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
National Bank of Greece S.A. 
86 Eolou Street 
10559 Athens 
Greece  
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through its 
London branch 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through its 
London branch 
One Canada Square 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through its New York branch 
101 Barclay Street—21W 
New York, NY 10286 
USA 
TRANSFER AGENTS 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through its 
New York branch 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through its 
London branch 
101 Barclay Street—21W 
One Canada Square 
New York, NY 10286 
London E14 5AL 
USA 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Greek law 
Allen & Overy Studio Legale Associato 
Karatzas & Partners 
Via Ansperto 5 
 The Orbit, 115 Kifissias Ave 
20123 Milan 
115 24 Athens 
Italy 
Hellenic Republic 
To the Dealers as to English law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street   
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.A. 
Business Solutions S.A. 
268 Kifissias Avenue 
Halandri 15232 
Greece 
 
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg