--- Page 1 ---
Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company in the Republic of Italy) 
€3,500,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. (“ADR” 
or the “Issuer”) may, from time to time, subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, issue medium term debt 
securities in either bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes” and, together, the “Notes”). The 
maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €3,500,000,000 (or 
the equivalent in other currencies), provided that the Issuer may increase such maximum principal aggregate amount in accordance with 
the Dealer Agreement (as defined below).  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers named below or any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis (each a “Dealer” and together, the 
“Dealers”). References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed 
by more than one Dealer, shall be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. Notes will be issued in Series. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 
14 June 2017 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or other 
regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or which are to be offered to the public in any 
Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”). Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, the issue price of the Notes and certain other information completing the terms and 
conditions which are applicable to each Series and/or Tranche (each as defined under “Overview of the Programme”) of Notes issued 
under the Programme will be set out in final terms (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will 
be filed with the Central Bank of Ireland.   
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither 
approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
Where Notes issued under the Programme are listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, such Notes will not have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or, in the case of notes that are not 
denominated in euro, the equivalent thereof in such other currency). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and shall expire on 17 April 
2026. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. For a discussion of these see the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 9. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered, inter alia, under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may 
include Bearer Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold or, 
in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) in the case of Registered Notes, or as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, and regulations thereunder in the case of Bearer Notes). See “Forms of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which 
Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer. In this respect, see “Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
ADR’s long-term debt is currently rated “BBB-” (Outlook Stable) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), “Baa2” (Outlook 
Stable) by Moody’s Investors Service España S.A. (Sociedad Unipersonal) (“Moody’s”) and “BBB-” (Outlook Stable) by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No.1060/2009 (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”) and as such is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is to be rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Series of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Notes will be treated as having 
been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the

--- Page 2 ---
relevant Final Terms. A security rating and/or an issuer corporate rating is/are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent 
global note in bearer form (each a “Permanent Global Note” and, together with the Temporary Global Notes, the “Bearer Global 
Notes”). Registered Notes will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”, which term shall include where appropriate 
registered certificates in global form) (“Registered Global Notes”, and together with the Bearer Global Notes, the “Global Notes”), one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each registered Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series (as defined under 
“Overview of the Programme” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). Global Notes may be deposited on the Issue Date (as defined 
herein) with a common depositary or a common safekeeper (as applicable) on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other 
Global Notes are described in the section entitled “Forms of the Notes” of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set 
out herein (the “Conditions”), in which event a Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, will be made available which 
will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to the Notes. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION – Amounts payable under any floating rate notes issued under the Programme may be calculated 
by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, EMMI is authorised as a benchmark administrator and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.  
 
Arrangers 
 
Mediobanca 
UniCredit 
 
Dealers 
 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
Mediobanca 
NATIXIS 
Société Générale  
Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 17 April 2025

--- Page 3 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................................... 9 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE ................................................................................................. 31 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................ 33 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................ 34 
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK.......................................................................................................... 79 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................................... 92 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................. 98 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 143 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURES ................................................................................ 158 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................... 160 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ..................... 170 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................. 174

--- Page 4 ---
(ii)
 
 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
This Base Prospectus is a “base prospectus” in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and confirms that, to the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
The Issuer, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that this Base Prospectus contains all 
information with respect to itself and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (ADR, together with its 
subsidiaries, the “Group”) and the Notes, which according to the particular nature of the Issuer and 
the Notes is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and the prospects of the Issuer and of any rights attaching to the 
Notes and is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material, that 
the statements contained in it are in every material particular true and accurate and not misleading, 
that the opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus are honestly held, have been 
reached after considering all relevant circumstances and are based on reasonable assumptions, that 
there are no other facts the omission of which would, in the context of the issue and offering of the 
Notes, make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any material respect and that all 
reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify the accuracy 
of all such information and statements. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplements hereto and 
with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. This Base 
Prospectus shall, save as specified herein, be read and construed on the basis that such documents 
are so incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. See “Incorporation by Reference” below. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Arrangers, the Dealers or BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”) that any 
recipient of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
Each recipient shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the financial 
condition of the Issuer and the Group. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by the Arrangers, the 
Dealers or the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) as to the 
accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus or any further information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of 
the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies) accepts any liability in relation to the contents of this Base Prospectus or any document 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the distribution of any such document or with 
regard to any other information supplied by, or on behalf of, the Issuer.  
Furthermore, with respect to Notes described as “Step Up Notes” or “Premium Payment Notes”, 
none of the Arrangers or Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
will verify or monitor if such Notes satisfy the investors’ requirements or standards for investment in 
assets with sustainability characteristics, nor the consistency of the the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Condition, the Scope 3 Emissions Condition and the Gender Diversity Percentage Condition, as well 
as the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold 
and the Gender Diversity Percentage Threshold with the investment requirements and expectation. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing Notes must make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the 
Group.

--- Page 5 ---
(iii)
 
 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, nor the issue, listing, offering, sale or delivery of any 
Notes shall in any circumstances create any implication that, since the date of this Base Prospectus or 
the date upon which it has been most recently amended or supplemented, there has not been any 
change, or any development or event, which is materially adverse to the condition (financial or 
otherwise), prospects, results of operations or general affairs of the Issuer or the Group. The 
Arrangers, the Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most 
recently published financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any 
Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee represents that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or 
the Trustee which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except in circumstances that will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and the Dealers have represented that all 
offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons who obtain this Base Prospectus or 
any Notes must inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
United States, the European Economic Area (including Italy), the United Kingdom, Singapore, 
Switzerland and Japan. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions”.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
Notes in reliance upon Regulation S outside the United States to non-U.S. persons or in transactions 
otherwise exempt from registration. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not 
authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of 
its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally 
submitted. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 
any State securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority nor have 
any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Notes or the 
accuracy or the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal 
offence in the United States. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about

--- Page 6 ---
(iv)
 
 
whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593 (as amended, the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as 
it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended 
(“EUWA”), or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of English law by virtue of 
the EUWA, as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 
2018. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPS Regulation as it forms part 
of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €3,500,000,000 and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another 
currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes, calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined below). The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may 
be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement.

--- Page 7 ---
(v)
 
 
Prospective Noteholders should consider carefully all information contained in this Base Prospectus 
(including, without limitation, any documents incorporated by reference therein and the section 
headed “Risk Factors”) and reach their own views, based upon their own judgment and upon advice 
from such financial, tax and legal advisers they have deemed necessary, before making any 
investment decision in the Notes.

--- Page 8 ---
(vi)
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus regarding the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and certain of the Group’s plans, 
objectives, assumptions, expectations or beliefs with respect to these items and statements regarding 
other future events or prospects are forward-looking statements. These statements include, without 
limitation, those concerning: the Group’s strategy and the Group’s ability to achieve it; expectations 
regarding revenues, profitability and growth; plans for the launch of new services; the Group’s 
possible or assumed future results of operations; research and development, capital expenditure and 
investment plans; adequacy of capital; and financing plans. The words “aim”, “may”, “will”, 
“expect”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “future”, “continue”, “help”, “estimate”, “plan”, “intend”, “should”, 
“could”, “would”, “shall” or the negative or other variations thereof as well as other statements 
regarding matters that are not historical fact, are or may constitute forward-looking statements. In 
addition, this Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements relating to the Group’s potential 
exposure to various types of market risks, such as foreign exchange rate risk, interest rate risks and 
other risks related to financial assets and liabilities. These forward-looking statements have been 
based on the Group’s management’s current view with respect to future events and financial 
performance. These views reflect the best judgment of the Group’s management but involve a number 
of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in 
such forward-looking statements and from past results, performance or achievements. Although the 
Group believes that the estimates reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, such 
estimates may prove to be incorrect. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and 
uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. 
There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by these forward-thinking statements. Prospective investors are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Group undertakes any obligation to republish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date hereof. Prospective purchasers are also urged to carefully review and 
consider the various disclosures made by the Issuer and the Group in this Base Prospectus which 
attempt to advise interested parties of the factors that affect the Issuer, the Group and their business, 
including the disclosures made under “Risk Factors”, “Description of the Issuer” and “Regulatory 
Framework” below. The Issuer does not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written or oral 
forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer or persons acting on its behalf, are expressly 
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this Base Prospectus. As 
a result of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, investors should not place undue reliance on 
these forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results or otherwise.  
INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 
Information regarding markets, market size, market share, market position, growth rates and other 
industry data pertaining to the Group’s business contained in this Base Prospectus consists of 
estimates based on data reports compiled by professional organisations and analysts, on data from 
other external sources, and on the Issuer’s knowledge of its sales and markets. In many cases, there is 
no readily available external information (whether from trade associations, government bodies or 
other organisations) to validate market-related analyses and estimates, requiring the Issuer to rely on 
internally developed estimates. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and 
developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by this information. While the 
Issuer has compiled, extracted and, to the best of its knowledge, correctly reproduced market or other 
industry data from external sources, including third parties or industry or general publications, neither 
the Issuer nor the initial purchasers have independently verified that data. The Issuer cannot assure 
investors of the accuracy and completeness of, and takes no responsibility for, such data other than the 
responsibility for the correct and accurate reproduction thereof. The information in this Base 
Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and no facts have been omitted that would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. However, information regarding the sectors and 
markets in which the Group operates may not be available for certain periods and, accordingly, such

--- Page 9 ---
(vii)
 
 
information may not be current as of the date of this Base Prospectus. All sources of such information 
have been identified where such information is used. Similarly, while the Issuer believes such 
information to be reliable and believes its internal estimates to be reasonable and confirms all 
information to be up to date on the date of approval of this Base Prospectus, they have not been 
verified by any independent sources. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on such 
information. See “Forward-Looking Statements” above. 
SUPPLEMENTS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the 
Notes, it shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement 
Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to 
each Dealer and the Trustee any number of copies of such supplement as such Dealer and the Trustee 
may reasonably request. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer party to such issue, to issue Notes in a form not contemplated 
in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Form of Final Terms”. To the extent that the 
information relating to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a 
“Drawdown Prospectus”) will be made available and will contain such information. Each 
Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer, the Group and the relevant Notes or (2) pursuant to Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, by a registration document containing the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer and the Group, a securities note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant 
Notes and, if necessary, a summary note. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base Prospectus to information specified or identified in the 
Final Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be read and construed as information 
specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED FINANCING FRAMEWORK, SECOND PARTY OPINION 
AND EXTERNAL VERIFICATION 
In connection with the issue of Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes under the Programme, the 
Issuer has published a “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework” in April 2025, in accordance 
with the Sustainability‐Linked Bond Principles 2024, administered by the International Capital 
Markets Association, and the Sustainability‐Linked Loan Principles 2025, administered by the Loan 
Markets Association (LMA) (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework”). Morningstar 
Sustainalytics has reviewed the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and issued a 
second party opinion on 4 April 2025 (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-
party Opinion”). The Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and the related 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion are available on the Issuer’s 
website 
within 
the 
sustainable 
finance 
section: 
https://www.adr.it/web/aeroporti-di-roma-
en/sustainable-financing.  
In addition, in connection with the issue of Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes under the 
Programme, the Issuer will engage an Assurance Provider to carry out the relevant assessments 
required for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report in relation to the Step Up Notes or 
Premium Payment Notes, as applicable, pursuant to Conditions 5(k) (Step Up Option) and 6 
(Premium Payment). Also such documents will be accessible through the Issuer’s website. However, 
any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website and the information in such opinions 
or report or any past or future Assurance Report is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not be 
relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued 
under the Programme.

--- Page 10 ---
(viii)
 
 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the suitability, reliability and relevance of any 
framework, opinion, report, review, sustainability rating, certification (including the Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion) and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of any such document for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. Any such 
framework, opinion, report, review, sustainability rating or certification is not, nor should be deemed 
to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold any such Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes. In addition, no assurance or 
representation is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the Arrangers, the Dealers or 
any of their affiliates (including parent companies), second party opinion providers or the Assurance 
Provider as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report, review, 
sustainability rating or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of any Step Up 
Notes or Premium Payment Notes under the Programme. Any such framework, opinion, report, 
review, sustainability rating or certification is only current as at the date that such framework, 
opinion, report, review, sustainability rating or certification was initially issued. Furthermore, any 
such framework, opinion, report, review, sustainability rating or certification and any other document 
related thereto (including, without limitation, the related Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework) 
is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and any 
information contained therein will not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, 
or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for, and should not be relied upon in 
connection with making any investment decision with respect to, any Step Up Notes or Premium 
Payment Notes under the Programme. 
See also the Risk Factors headed “Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics.”, “The Step 
Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators.” and “Failure to meet the relevant sustainability targets may have a material 
impact on the market price of any Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes issued under the 
Programme and could expose the Group to reputational risks.” below. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor in the Notes should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including where the currency for principal, premium or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets;  
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal, 
premium or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal, 
premium or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; and 
(vi) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks.

--- Page 11 ---
(ix)
 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of 
the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own independent 
examination of the Issuer and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks 
involved. None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in 
the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS MAY RESTRICT CERTAIN INVESTMENTS  
 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of 
any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk based capital or similar rules. 
 
USE OF WEBSITES 
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to websites are included for information purposes only. The 
contents of any websites (except for the documents (or portions thereof) incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus to the extent set out on any such website) referenced in this Base Prospectus 
do not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA 
Unless otherwise indicated or where the context requires otherwise, references in this Base Prospectus 
to “euro” or “Euro” or “€” are to the single currency of the participating Member States in the Third 
Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Union, as amended from time to time. 
The Issuer reports its financial information and prepares its financial statements in Euro. The Issuer 
reports its financial information and prepares its consolidated financial statements in compliance with 
the International Financial Reporting Standards adopted by the European Union, as prescribed by 
European Union Regulation No. 1606 of 19 July 2002 (“IFRS”).  
The financial year of ADR begins on 1 January and terminates on 31 December of each calendar year. 
Italian law requires ADR to produce annual audited financial statements. 
The consolidated financial statements of ADR for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 
31December 2023 included respectively in the 2024 Integrated Report and in the 2023 Integrated 
Report (each as defined below), both incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been 
audited by KPMG S.p.A. 
The sustainability statement included in the 2024 Integrated Report has been drafted in compliance 
with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards introduced by the Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. 
Accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and

--- Page 12 ---
(x)
 
 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus and the management report on operations (relazione sulla gestione) included in 
the 2023 Integrated Report and in the 2024 Integrated Report, which are incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus, contain certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) which are different 
from the IFRS financial measures adopted by the Group and set forth in, respectively, the 2023 
Integrated Report and in the 2024 Integrated Report. Such APMs are included into reclassified 
statements, obtained directly from the 2023 Integrated Report and the 2024 Integrated Report, which 
are prepared in order to illustrate the financial performance of the Group as well as its financial 
position and cash flows.   
On 3 December 2015, CONSOB (Commissione per le Società e la Borsa, the Italian securities and 
exchange commission) issued Communication No. 92543/15, which gives effect to the Guidelines 
issued on 5 October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs disclosed in regulated 
information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 (the “Guidelines”). These Guidelines, 
which update the previous CESR Recommendation (CESR/05-178b), are aimed at promoting the 
usefulness and transparency of APMs in order to improve their comparability, reliability and 
comprehensibility. In addition, ESMA also published a Questions and Answers (Q&A) document on 
the Guidelines, last updated on April 2022, to promote common supervisory approaches and practices 
in the application of the Guidelines. 
The APMs used by the Group are described as follows:  
 
Net operating costs: this indicator is used by ADR as a measure of the internal efficiency and 
performance over time and is calculated as described in the reconciliation table on pages (xiv) 
and (xv) below;  
 
Gross operating income (loss) (EBITDA): this indicator is used by ADR for the evaluation of the 
operating performance of the Group and is calculated as described in the reconciliation table on 
page (xii) below;  
 
Investments: this indicator is calculated on page (xiv) below as the sum of (i) investments in 
property, plant and equipment net of advances paid to suppliers in the year, (ii) investments in 
intangible assets net of advances paid to suppliers in the year, (iii) revenue from construction 
services and (iv) operating uses of the provision for renovation of airport infrastructure; 
 
Liquidity (Cash and cash equivalents): this indicator is used by ADR to represent cash and cash 
equivalents as inferred from the consolidated financial statements; 
 
Fixed assets: this indicator is used by ADR for the evaluation of fixed assets of the Group as a 
whole, also through the comparison of the reporting period with those of the previous periods; 
 
Working capital: this indicator is used by ADR to represent the ability to generate cash in the 
next 12 months by operations, also through the comparison of the reporting period with those of 
the previous periods and is calculated as described in the reconciliation table on pages (xii) and 
(xiii) below; 
 
Net invested capital: this indicator is used by ADR for the evaluation of total net assets, both 
current and fixed and is calculated as described in the reconciliation table on pages (xii) and (xiii) 
below; 
 
Net financial debt (or net financial indebtedness): this indicator is used by ADR as a measure of 
the financial structure which provides investors with adequate information to evaluate the overall 
level of the Group’s indebtedness and is calculated as described in the reconciliation table on 
page (xiv) below.

--- Page 13 ---
(xi)
 
 
The tables below provide for a reconciliation of the above-mentioned APMs with the IFRS 
consolidated financial statements. The reclassified statements and the above-mentioned indicators 
must not be considered as a replacement to the conventional ones required by IFRS. 
Reconciliation between the reclassified income statement and the income statement included in the 
consolidated financial statements  
The income statement was reclassified on a “value-added” basis, which shows the contribution of the 
financial and core areas of operation. 
For the items included in the table below that cannot be directly inferred from the consolidated 
financial statements, the calculation method and the reference to the sections of the 2024 Integrated 
Report containing the necessary information for calculation purposes are provided. 
 
SOURCE/CALCULATION METHOD 
Revenue from airport management of which: 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
Aviation 
see Note 7.1 of the Notes 
Non aviation 
see Note 7.1 of the Notes 
Revenue from construction services 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
Other operating income 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
TOTAL REVENUE 
 
External operating costs 
Calculated as follows 
 
+Consumption of raw materials and consumables (inferred from the 
consolidated financial statements)
 
+Service costs (inferred from the consolidated financial statements) 
 
- Costs for construction services (see Note 7.3 of the Notes) 
 
- Costs for renovation of airport infrastructures (see Note 7.3 of the 
Notes)
 
+Lease payments (inferred from the consolidated financial statements) 
 
+Other costs (inferred from the consolidated financial statements) 
 
- Accruals to (Re-absorption of) the loss allowance (see Note 7.5 of the 
Notes)
Total costs for construction services 
+Costs for construction services (see Note 7.3 of the Notes) 
+Personnel expense for employees dedicated to construction services (see 
Note 7.4 of the Notes)
Concession fees  
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
Net personnel expense 
+Personnel expense (inferred from the consolidated financial statements) 
- Personnel expense for employees dedicated to construction services (see 
Note 7.4 of the Notes) 
- Personnel expense for employees dedicated to airport infrastructure 
renovation works (see Note 7.4 of the Notes)
(Accruals to) Re-absorption of provisions for 
risks and charges
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
TOTAL NET OPERATING COSTS 
 
GROSS OPERATING PROFIT (LOSS) 
(EBITDA) 
 
Amortisation and depreciation 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
Provision for renovation and other provisions 
Calculated as follows 
 
+Accruals to (Re-absorption of) loss allowance (see note 7.5 of the Notes) 
 
- Accruals to (use of) the provision for renovation of airport infrastructure 
(see note 7.5 of the Notes)
 
+Renovation of airport infrastructure (see Note 7.3 of the Notes)

--- Page 14 ---
(xii)
 
 
 
The table below provides for a reconciliation of the EBITDA amounts for the relevant periods.  
Years ended 31 December 
2023 
2024 
Euro in millions 
Euro in millions 
Profit (loss) for the year 
193.4
299.2
Add back: 
Income taxes 
83.3
126.4
Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted investees 
0.9
1.4
Net financial expenses 
34.9
24.0
Amortisation and depreciation  
120.7
134.8
Provision for renovation and other provisions 
32.5
43.3
Profit (loss) from discontinued operations/assets held 
for sale
4.3
0
EBITDA 
470.0
629.1
Reconciliation between the reclassified statement of financial position and the statement of 
financial position contained in the consolidated financial statements   
The statement of consolidated financial position was reclassified on a management account basis, 
which, on one hand, shows the division of invested capital between non-current assets and working 
capital, net of provisions, and on the other, the related sources of funding, represented by self-
financing (equity) and borrowings (current and non-current net financial debt). For the items included 
in the table below that cannot be directly inferred from the consolidated financial statements, the 
calculation method is provided. 
 
Personnel expense for employees dedicated to airport infrastructure 
renovation works (see Note 7.4 of the Notes)
OPERATING PROFIT (LOSS) (EBIT) 
 
Net financial expense 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
Share of profit (loss) of equity-accounted 
investees
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE TAXES 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
Income taxes 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
PROFIT (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING 
OPERATIONS  
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
Profit (loss) from discontinued 
operations/assets held for sale
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
Profit (loss) for the year attributable to non-
controlling interests
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR 
ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE OWNERS OF 
THE PARENT 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
 
SOURCE/CALCULATION METHOD 
 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
corresponding to the item "Intangible assets" in the consolidated financial 
statements
 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND 
EQUIPMENT
corresponding to the item "Property, plant and equipment" in the 
consolidated financial statements
 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
corresponding to the item "Equity investments" in the consolidated financial 
statements

--- Page 15 ---
(xiii)
 
 
 
 
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
OTHER NON-CURRENT 
ASSETS
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
A 
NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
 
 
TRADE ASSETS 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
OTHER CURRENT 
ASSETS
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
CURRENT TAX ASSETS 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS 
(LIABILITIES) HELD FOR 
SALE
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
TRADE LIABILITIES 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
OTHER CURRENT 
LIABILITIES
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
CURRENT TAX 
LIABILITIES
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
B 
WORKING CAPITAL 
 
 
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
PROVISION FOR 
RENOVATION OF 
AIRPORT 
INFRASTRUCTURE
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
OTHER PROVISIONS FOR 
RISKS AND CHARGES
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
C 
CURRENT PROVISIONS 
corresponding to the item "Current  provisions " in the consolidated financial 
statements
D = B +C 
WORKING CAPITAL 
NET OF CURRENT 
PROVISIONS 
 
 
NON-CURRENT 
LIABILITIES
+Non-current provisions inferred from the consolidated financial 
statements
 
 
+Other non-current liabilities inferred from the consolidated financial 
statements
E 
NON-CURRENT 
LIABILITIES 
 
F = A +D 
+E 
NET INVESTED 
CAPITAL  
 
 
EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE 
TO THE OWNERS OF THE 
PARENT
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE 
TO NON-CONTROLLING 
INTERESTS
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
G 
EQUITY 
 
 
NON-CURRENT 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
OTHER NON-CURRENT 
FINANCIAL ASSETS
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
H 
NON-CURRENT NET 
FINANCIAL DEBT 
 
 
CURRENT FINANCIAL 
LIABILITIES
inferred from the consolidated financial statements 
 
CURRENT FINANCIAL 
ASSETS
+Other current financial assets as inferred from the consolidated financial  
statements
 
 
+Cash and cash equivalents as inferred from the consolidated financial 
statements
I 
CURRENT NET 
FINANCIAL POSITION 
 
L = H +I 
NET FINANCIAL DEBT 
 
G +L 
INVESTED CAPITAL 
COVERAGE

--- Page 16 ---
(xiv)
 
 
The table below provides for a reconciliation of Net Financial Debt amounts for the relevant periods.  
Years ended 31 December 
2023 
2024 
Euro in millions 
Euro in millions 
Non current financial liabilities 
1,985.7
1,952.1
Other non current financial assets 
-38.2
-45.4
Current financial liabilities 
64.9
63.9
Other current financial assets 
-6.3
-5.3
Cash and cash equivalent 
-909.3
-599.5
Net financial debt 
1,096.8
1,365.8
The table below provides for a reconciliation of Investments for the relevant periods.  
Years ended 31 December 
2023 
2024 
Euro in millions 
Euro in millions 
Investments in property, plant and equipment net of 
advances paid to suppliers in the year
22.4
22.5
Investments in intangible assets net of advances paid to 
suppliers in the year
15.8
21.9
Revenue from construction services 
240.5
227.4
Operating uses of the provision for renovation of airport 
infrastructure
42.4
58.8
Investments 
323.6
333.6
The table below provides for a reconciliation of Net operating costs for the relevant periods.  
 
Years ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2024 
Euro in millions 
Euro in millions 
External operating costs 
194.3 
217.5 
Consumption of raw materials and consumables 
39.4 
38.2 
Service costs 
386.3 
410.3 
Costs for construction services 
-203.5 
-185.9 
Costs for renovation of airport infrastructures 
-42.4 
-58.8 
Lease payments 
2.9 
2.6 
Other costs 
12.5 
11.2 
Accruals to (Re-absorption of) loss allowance 
-0.9 
-0.1 
Total costs for construction services 
228.3 
210.4 
Costs for construction services 
203.5 
185.9 
Personnel expense for employees dedicated to 
construction services 
24.8 
24.5

--- Page 17 ---
(xv)
 
 
Concession fees  
37.6 
45.5 
Net personnel expense 
198.7 
207.0 
Personnel expense 
226.0 
234.5 
Personnel expense for employees dedicated to 
construction services 
-24.8 
-24.5 
Personnel expense for employees dedicated to airport 
infrastructure renovation works 
-2.5 
-3.0 
(Accruals to) Re-absorption of provisions for risks 
and charges 
1.1 
-1.0 
Net operating costs 
660.0 
679.4 
Investors should not place undue reliance on the abovementioned APMs and should not consider any 
APM as: (i) an alternative to operating income or net income as determined in accordance with IFRS; 
(ii) an alternative to cash flow from operating, investing or financing activities (as determined in 
accordance with IFRS) as a measure of the Group’s ability to meet cash needs; or (iii) an alternative 
to any other measure of performance under IFRS. 
The APMs described above have been derived from historical financial information of the Group and 
are not intended to provide an indication on the future financial performance, financial position or 
cash flows of the Group itself. Furthermore, such APMs have been calculated consistently throughout 
the periods for which financial information is presented in this Base Prospectus. 
APMs presented in this Base Prospectus and in the management report on operations (relazione sulla 
gestione) included in the 2023 Integrated Report and in the 2024 Integrated Report, which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, should also be read in conjunction with the 
financial information presented or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and derived from 
the 2023 Integrated Report and the 2024 Integrated Report. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer(s) (if any) disclosed 
as the stabilising manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or any person acting on its or their behalf) 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes of 
a Series (as defined below) of which such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail for a limited period. However, there is no assurance that stabilisation may 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. All 
such transactions will be carried out in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 18 ---
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is a general description of the Programme as provided under Article 25(1)(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 219/980. The following description does not purport to be 
complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus 
and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final 
Terms. Words and expressions defined or used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall 
have the same meanings in this summary. The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” herein, in 
which event a Drawdown Prospectus (as defined above) will be published.  
Issuer ................................................  Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. 
Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) .................................................  8156007259ABDEA3F444  
Description .......................................  Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size ....................................................  Up to €3,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Arrangers .........................................  Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Dealers ..............................................  Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP PARIBAS 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Natixis 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional 
Dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in 
respect of the whole Programme.  
Trustee .............................................  BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
Principal Paying Agent ...................  The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Paying Agent and  
Transfer Agent ................................  
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar ..........................................  The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg

--- Page 19 ---
2
 
 
Method of Issue ...............................  Notes may be issued on a syndicated or a non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the issue price 
and the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where 
necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save 
in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will be identical 
to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies ........................................  Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, including, without limitation, Euro, Sterling, 
United States dollars and Japanese yen. 
Certain restrictions .........................  Each issue of Notes in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with 
such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time. See “Subscription and Sale 
and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
Maturities.........................................  Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes will have a minimum maturity of 
12 months and one day. 
Issue Price ........................................  Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Forms and the Initial Delivery of 
the Notes ...........................................  
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as 
described in “Forms of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not 
be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. No single 
Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of 
either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each 
Bearer Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new 
global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on 
or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
each Bearer Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
new global note form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on 
or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 20 ---
3
 
 
for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules (as defined 
below) are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in 
a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each 
Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a 
Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by 
individual certificates or one or more Registered Global 
Notes, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Each Note represented by Registered Global Note will either 
be: (a) in the case of a Registered Global Note which is not to 
be held under the new safekeeping structure (“New 
Safekeeping Structure” or “NSS”), registered in the name of 
a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and the relevant Registered Global Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary; or (b) in the case of a Registered Global Note to 
be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in 
the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant 
Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Clearing Systems .............................  Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Series, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Fixed Rate Notes .............................  Fixed interest will be payable on the date or dates specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
Floating Rate Notes .........................  Floating Rate Notes will bear interest, as determined 
separately for each Series, either (i) at a rate determined on 
the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest-rate swap transaction in the relevant specified 
currency governed by an agreement incorporating (A) the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series) or (B) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and 
any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the Issue

--- Page 21 ---
4
 
 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
relevant screen page of a commercial quotation service or 
(iii) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes .........................  
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as selected prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on the Interest Payment Dates 
specified in, or determined pursuant to, the applicable Final 
Terms and will be calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction so specified. 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such 
information will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Benchmark replacement ................  On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer may 
(subject to certain conditions and following consultation with 
an Independent Adviser) determine a Successor Reference 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Reference Rate and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any additional 
amendments to the Conditions in accordance with Condition 
5(j) (Benchmark Replacement). 
Zero Coupon Notes .........................  Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”) may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Step Up Notes ..................................  Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be subject to a 
Step Up Option if the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be, indicate that the Step Up 
Option is applicable.  
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be subject to 
adjustment in the event of a Step Up Event. See Condition 
5(k) (Step Up Option). 
Premium Payment Notes ................  Notes issued under the Programme may be subject to a 
Premium Payment Condition if the applicable Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, indicate that the 
Premium Payment Condition is applicable.  
If a Premium Payment Trigger Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall pay in respect of each Premium Payment Note of the 
relevant Series an amount equal to the relevant Premium

--- Page 22 ---
5
 
 
Payment Amount on the Premium Payment Date. See 
Condition 6 (Premium Payment). 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons  The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time, upon giving not less than 
thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ irrevocable notice to 
the Trustee and the Noteholders if the Issuer will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as described under 
Condition 9 (Taxation) and conditions are met. 
Call Option ......................................  The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice (or such other notice period (if any) as is 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders on 
a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices (which will either be the specified percentage 
of the nominal amount of the Notes stated in the applicable 
Final Terms or the Make-Whole Amount, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) and on such terms as are 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, Purchase and 
Options — Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and 
Exercise of Issuer’s Option (“Call Option”)”. 
Clean-up Call Option ......................  In addition to the foregoing Call Option, the applicable Final 
Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has a Clean-up Call 
Option. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Redemption, Purchase and Options — Clean-Up Call 
Option”. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option ...  If Issuer Maturity Par Call Option is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at 
any time during the Par Call Period commencing on the Par 
Call Period Commencement Date, subject to having given not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes at their 
Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued 
to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. See “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, Purchase and 
Options —Issuer Maturity Par Call Option”. 
Put Option .......................................  The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether any 
Noteholder has a Put Option. See “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes — Redemption, Purchase and Options — 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholders’ Option (“Put Option”)”. 
Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders on the Occurrence of 
a Relevant Event .............................  
In addition to the foregoing Put Option, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, Notes will be redeemable prior to 
maturity at the option of the Noteholders on the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event (as defined below). See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, Purchase and

--- Page 23 ---
6
 
 
Options”. 
Denomination of Notes ...................  The Notes may be issued in any denominations agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, subject in the case of any Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public 
in an EEA State in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, 
to a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or, in the case of 
Notes that are not denominated in euro, the equivalent thereof 
in such currency).  
Withholding Tax .............................  All payments of principal, premium and interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without any 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within Italy, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such a case, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, in each case subject 
to certain customary exceptions, as further described in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Taxation”. 
Substitution ......................................  The Trustee and the Issuer are permitted to agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or, where relevant, the 
Couponholders, to the substitution of any Issuer’s successor, 
transferee or assignee or any subsidiary of the Issuer or its 
successor in business in place of the Issuer, subject to the 
fulfilment of certain conditions, as more fully set out in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Meetings of 
Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution” and in 
the Trust Deed. 
Negative Pledge ...............................  Yes, see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Negative 
Pledge”. 
Cross Default ...................................  Yes, see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Events of 
Default”. 
Status of the Notes ...........................  The Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute 
(subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of ADR and shall at all times rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves and pari passu 
with all senior, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
ADR, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
mandatory provisions of applicable law. See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Status of the Notes”. 
Listing and Admission to  
Trading ............................................  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank 
of Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation, as a “base prospectus” for purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 24 ---
7
 
 
 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin and to be listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and 
certain other information completing the terms and conditions 
which are applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be set out 
in the Final Terms which, with respect to Notes to be 
admitted to Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to Euronext 
Dublin. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, 
if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Listing Agent ...................................  Walkers Listing Services Limited 
Governing Law ................................  The Notes, the Dealer Agreement, the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with any of them will be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, 
save for mandatory provisions of Italian law in certain cases.  
Ratings .............................................  Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) of the Issuer or the 
rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Final Terms will also disclose 
whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Series of Notes has been (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered (or which has 
applied for registration and not been refused) under the CRA 
Regulation, (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a CRA which 
is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency operating in the EEA 
before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for 
registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration has not been refused, (2) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is

--- Page 25 ---
8
 
 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
UK regulated investors are subject to similar restrictions 
under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory 
purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In 
the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit 
rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) 
issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is 
subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having 
been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances.  
Selling Restrictions ..........................  United States, the European Economic Area (including 
France and Italy), the United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore and 
Switzerland, as further described under “Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” below. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant 
Final Terms states that Notes are issued in compliance with 
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”) or 
(ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D 
Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes 
will not constitute “registration required obligations” under 
the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable. 
Risk Factors .....................................  Refer to “Risk Factors” below for a summary of certain risks 
involved in investing in the Notes. Prospective Noteholders 
should consider carefully all information contained in this 
Base 
Prospectus 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
any 
documents incorporated by reference therein and any 
supplement thereto) and reach their own views, based upon 
their own judgment and upon advice from such financial, tax 
and legal advisers they have deemed necessary, before 
making any investment decision.

--- Page 26 ---
9
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves risks. The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are 
contingencies that may or may not occur. However, the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes may occur for other reasons that may 
not be considered significant risks by the Issuer or which it may not currently be able to anticipate 
based on information currently available to it.  
The risks that are specific to the Issuer are presented in 5 categories, while the risks that are specific 
to the Notes are presented in 3 categories, in any case in a manner which is consistent with the 
materiality assessment carried out by the Issuer based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. 
Any prospective investors should carefully consider all information contained in this Base Prospectus 
including, in particular, the risk factors described below, together with any documents incorporated 
by reference hereto and reach their own views, based upon their own judgment and upon advice from 
such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, before making any investment 
decision. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this 
section.  
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER AND THAT MAY AFFECT 
THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES  
STRATEGIC RISKS 
The Issuer’s consolidated income could decline as a result of a reduction of air traffic and 
passengers volumes. 
Under the dual-till model allowed by the Concession, the Issuer’s consolidated revenues are 
composed by: (i) aviation revenues derived from airport fees and air tariff charges levied on airlines, 
which are based, in particular, on the number of passengers, maximum total aircraft weight, aircraft 
noise levels and the length of time that an aircraft is parked at the airport; and (ii) non-aviation 
revenues derived primarily from royalties from retail sub-concessions and car parking (for further 
information see, inter alia, “Regulatory Framework — The Concession – Main Concession Terms” 
and “Regulatory Framework — The Economic Regulation Agreement (the “ERA”) and the tariff 
regulation”).   
The amount of both types of revenues primarily depends on air traffic volumes (including, inter alia, 
the number of passengers and tons of cargo), and can be therefore affected by reduced air traffic. Key 
factors affecting the income generated through the Airports include also the type of passengers and 
aircrafts using the Airports. The air traffic volumes may be affected by several factors, many of which 
are beyond ADR’s control, including, inter alia, randomly (i) domestic and global macroeconomic 
developments, demographic developments, socio-economic developments such as increasing 
nationalism, protectionism (which could lead to international “trade wars” or “duty-wars”) and 
populism, global terrorism threats (which could cause steep declines in air travel and affect travel 
destination choices), political tensions and wars (such as the Russo-Ukrainian war and the conflicts in 
the Middle-East), including restrictions on flying over areas affected by military operations, as well as 
flight bans; (ii) competition from other Italian airports, other European airports and other competing 
modes of transport, particularly with respect to hub services and the improvement or expansion of 
existing high-speed rail networks and motorways; (iii) competition from other major global touristic 
destination markets, affecting the attractiveness of Rome as a tourist destination; (iv) cost of living 
pressures and inflation expectations; (v) labour unrest of ADR employees, airlines staff and/or air 
traffic controllers and sector operators; (vi) an increase in airfares due to increased airline costs; (vii) 
developments in the airline industry (such as the creation of new transfer hubs) as well as economic

--- Page 27 ---
10
 
 
and financial conditions of the relevant operators; (viii) decisions by airlines regarding the number, 
type and capacity of aircraft (including the mix of premium and economy seats), as well as the routes 
on which particular aircraft are utilised; (ix) the termination or change of the connections to some 
destinations featuring high passenger traffic; (x) fluctuations in oil prices and other commodities; (xi) 
taxation and emission regulation; (xii) global pandemics or other health scares (such as, severe acute 
respiratory syndrome (SARS) and COVID19); (xiii) disruptions caused by natural disasters; (xiv) 
severe weather conditions at the Airports (e.g. snow, fog, etc.) causing flight cancellations, significant 
changes to airlines’ schedules and possible damage to the Airports’ facilities; (xv) other extraordinary 
and unforeseeable events such as a fire or service interruption by utility providers (e.g. water, 
electricity, etc.) or connectivity services, which may affect the normal operation of the Airports and/or 
any of the aviation or non- aviation activities carried out in any of them; (xvi) acts of terrorism; (xvii) 
cybersecurity threats; (xviii) changes in domestic or international regulation; (xix) the quality of 
services and facilities, including the impact of construction projects; (xx) changes in airline ownership 
/ alliance competition; (xxi) structural changes in users’ habits such as an increasing general hostility 
towards air transport, particularly in terms of “flight shame” or a potential reduction in business 
travels as a result of higher adoption of remote working and video-conferencing or a preference 
towards other competing modes of transports with a lower environmental impact; and (xxii) decisions 
by the governments of key traffic routes that increase cost of air travel or limit airport capacity in 
order to decarbonise aviation as part of meeting climate change targets. 
With reference to non-aviation activities, in addition to the events described above, the Issuer’s 
consolidated revenues may be negatively affected by a reduction in royalties from retail concession 
fees and car parking, property rental income and income from other commercial services, including 
advertising and IT. In particular, retail concession fees are driven by passenger numbers and the 
propensity of passengers to spend in the shops at the Airports, which in turn are affected by, inter alia, 
randomly (i) changes in the mix of long-haul and short-haul flights; (ii) whether passengers have a 
layover and the length of such layovers; (iii) economic factors, including exchange rates and changes 
in duty free regimes; (iv) retail tenant failures; (v) lower retail yields on lease re-negotiations; (vi) 
redevelopments or reconfiguration of retail facilities at the Airports or their reconstruction following 
extraordinary events such as a fire, which can lead to a temporary or permanent decline in retail 
concession fees; (vii) reduced competitiveness of the Group’s retail offering; (viii) stricter hand 
luggage and other carry on restrictions; and (ix) reduced shopping time as a result of more rigorous 
and time consuming security procedures. Car parking income could also be reduced as a result of 
increased competition from other modes of transport to the Airports, such as buses and trains.  
Any failure by the Issuer to maintain or expand its international routes would adversely affect the 
Issuer’s status as an international hub capable of competing with other European international 
hubs. 
Competition among European airports is increasing and Fiumicino Airport faces intense competition 
in terms of passengers and cargo from a number of Western European and Middle Eastern airport 
hubs.  With respect to long-haul travel, global airport traffic is expected to grow mainly due to long-
haul traffic from outside of the EU, primarily from fast growing markets, such as the Far East, the 
Middle East and North and South America. In such a competitive environment, the Issuer has been 
developing its international network by also increasing its European market with a focus on cities with 
high development rates. With the increased international traffic at the Airports, the Airports must be 
in a position to service and expand international routes. Any failure by the Issuer to maintain and 
expand its international routes would adversely affect its status as an international hub capable of 
competing with other European international hubs.  
Competition from the development or improvement of alternative means of transportation, such as 
high-speed rail networks and motorways, may decrease air traffic volumes at the Airports. 
The volume of domestic air traffic is and may be further adversely affected by the performance and 
development, on some routes, of alternative means of transportation. Substantially shorter journey

--- Page 28 ---
11
 
 
times for some types of high-speed rail travel are becoming possible through the expansion of 
high-speed railway networks and technological advances, which could result in air travel becoming 
less attractive on domestic routes. Rome is connected to many domestic destinations that can also be 
reached by high-speed rail and motorways, and the travel time and cost, on certain routes, may be 
more competitive via these alternative means of transportation. Such alternative means of 
transportation have already caused a reduction in the number of passengers using air travel for 
domestic routes such as the Milan-Rome air route, which is now in direct competition with high-speed 
rail services, and may cause a further reduction in air traffic at the Airports.  
The Group is primarily dependent on a limited number of airlines. 
The Group has historically derived a significant portion of its turnover in any given year from a 
limited number of airlines. As the date of this Base Prospectus, such limited number of airlines 
include Italia Trasporto Aereo S.p.A. (“ITA Airways” - in January 2025, the closing of Deutsche 
Lufthansa AG’s purchase of a 41% stake in ITA Airways took place, decreeing the Italian company’s 
official entry into the Lufthansa Group), Ryanair, Wizz Air, the IAG Group (including Iberia, Vueling 
and British Airways), and the Lufthansa Group (including Lufthansa, Austrian Airlines, Swiss 
International Airlines, Eurowings and Brussels Airlines). The decrease or discontinuation of flights by 
any of the abovementioned carriers for any reason whatsoever including, without limitation any 
deterioration of the financial condition of any of them, could adversely affect passenger and cargo 
throughout and the volume of air transport at the Rome Airport System.  
The Issuer could face reputational and image damage. 
Negative perception or negative and/or inaccurate publicity may undermine public acceptance of, and 
stakeholder support for, the airport activities, resulting in reputational damage with deterioration of 
relations with stakeholders and attention from national/international media and press. Damage to the 
Group’s image and reputation may be inflicted by, inter alia, issues related to sustainability and 
climate change, such as those related to the achievement of emission reduction targets, carbon 
neutrality and any other sustainability targets. Failure by the Group to meet its sustainability targets 
and achieve carbon neutrality could affect the Group’s image and reputation and result, inter alia, in 
the weakening of public sentiment and political support, devaluation of assets and lower profitability. 
Risks relating to climate change 
The risks associated with climate change, including the increase in average temperatures and the 
increasing frequency of extreme weather events may represent a threat to the ADR Group’s 
operations, airport safety and health and safety. Such risks may also lead to an increase in operating 
costs, have repercussions on revenue, affect the ability to attract investments and access the capital 
and insurance markets as well as cause the failure to achieve the objectives of reducing emissions and 
achieving carbon neutrality. Furthermore, climate risks could require extraordinary investments for 
the modernisation of the assets managed or for the reconstruction of damaged structures, and may also 
directly impact the ADR Group’s reputation (see also “The Issuer could face reputational and image 
damage” below).  
Risk relating to technological innovation  
Technological evolution and innovation (including, inter alia, the development of artificial 
intelligence and evolution of flight technologies and fuels) can pose risks on the ADR Group, which 
mainly derive from the difficulty of the Group to grasp all the implications linked to a new 
technological discovery, as well as from the costs and investments related to it that the organisation 
may have to incur in terms of human, financial and technical resources to the constant renewal of 
products, services and systems. Technological innovation may cause loss of competitiveness, loss of 
development opportunities and process improvement and efficiency.

--- Page 29 ---
12
 
 
EXTERNAL RISKS 
Risks deriving from changes in the reference regulatory framework at national and/or 
international level. 
Changes in the regulatory framework applicable to ADR, both at European, national and international 
level, such as revision to the tariff system and/or higher costs for adaptation to changes in the 
reference context, may potentially determine property and economic damage to ADR.  
Risks deriving from macroeconomic and socio-political characteristics and trends. 
Macroeconomic and socio-political characteristics and trends as well as the evolution of the economic 
cycle, including, inter alia, trend in inflation, political tensions and wars (such as the Russo-Ukrainian 
war and the conflicts in the Middle-East), volatility in commodity prices (i.e. the risk associated with 
unexpected changes in the prices of energy raw materials such as electricity, natural gas and oil, and 
the prices of CO2 emission allowances (EUAs)) may have repercussions on the markets in which the 
Group operates and negatively affect the economic performance of the Group. In particular, the 
foregoing may result in higher costs/delays for the realisation of investments and/or shortage of 
critical material for processing and lead to a decrease in the Issuer's margins and cash flows as well as 
affect airlines’ profitability and/or result in higher air fares, to the extent passed through to ticket 
prices, potentially affecting air traffic demand. 
Failure to agree on and apply adequate tariff increases under the Concession / Regulatory 
Framework may result in insufficient remuneration of the Issuer’s investments and costs. 
The Regulatory Framework introduced a long-term tariff system that attempts to remunerate the 
Issuer’s infrastructure investments fairly, based on objective criteria. In particular, the Regulatory 
Framework provides tariff periods of five years, with a mechanism of updating the basis for setting 
tariffs at the end of each tariff period and sub-period. The Regulatory Framework also contemplated 
the recalculation of tariffs on a yearly basis (in respect of investments made) and on a five-yearly 
basis (for the assessment of operational costs applied in tariff-setting, as well as in respect of certain 
other parameters, such as traffic volume forecasts and the real pre-tax weighted average cost of capital 
(or WACC) relating to the investments made). For further information, see “Regulatory framework – 
the Economic Regulation Agreement (the “ERA”) and tariff regulation” below. In particular, the level 
of tariffs applied depends, inter alia, on the Issuer’s actual and projected investments, traffic forecasts 
and environmental quality and protection improvement targets. The resulting tariffs determined in 
accordance with the Concession may not be increased in subsequent tariff periods or sub-periods if 
the Issuer has not met its obligations under the Regulatory Framework, with a consequent insufficient 
remuneration of the Issuer’s investments and costs. On the other hand, the application of the relevant 
rules may lead to airport charges, leading to a less attractive competitive position of the Airports.  
The Issuer may be adversely affected by regulations governing the allocation of slots to airlines at 
the Airports. 
Slots at Italian airports are allocated to airlines by Assoclearance, the Italian Agency for Airport 
Coordination, without any input from the Issuer, in accordance with the criteria set out by Council 
Regulation (EEC) No. 95/93 on common rules for the allocation of slots at Community airports, as 
amended and implemented (“Regulation EEC/95/93”). Regulation EEC/95/93 attempts to reconcile 
the interests of airlines already operating at an airport with the needs of new airlines that must be 
guaranteed access to such airport.  
In cases of revocation or voluntary surrender of a slot by an airline, Assoclearance reallocates that slot 
in compliance with the criteria set out by Regulation EEC/95/93. In such cases, there is no guarantee 
that the slot would be reassigned to an air carrier capable of producing the same air traffic volume as 
that of the previous carrier. If Assoclearance reallocates one or more slots in favour of an air carrier 
that produces lower air traffic volumes than those produced by the previous carrier, it may cause other 
carriers who were not allocated slots to reduce and/or modify their operations at the Airports.

--- Page 30 ---
13
 
 
OPERATIONAL RISKS 
The Issuer may not be able to implement the Investment Plan required under the Regulatory 
Framework within the agreed timeframe and budget.  
The long-term investment plan (the “Investment Plan”) contained within the Regulatory Framework 
requires the Issuer to carry out a number of significant investment projects to expand and improve the 
Airports. For further information on the Investment Plan, see “Description of the Issuer – The 
Group’s Investment Programme”. In this respect the Issuer is subject to certain risks inherent in 
construction projects, which may include, inter alia: (i) delays in obtaining regulatory approvals for 
the projects or the Group’s other construction projects (including, but not limited to, environmental 
requirements and planning approvals at a national and local governmental level); (ii) delays in 
obtaining approvals required for tariff increases sufficient to fund the Projects; (iii) changes in general 
economic, business and credit conditions; (iv) the non-performance or unsatisfactory performance by 
contractors and subcontractors (whether such work is performed by the Group or by third parties); (v) 
the commencement of bankruptcy/judicial liquidation proceedings involving contractors and 
subcontractors and reopening of public tender procedures; (vi) interruption resulting from litigation, 
inclement weather, revocation of approvals or additional requests from local authorities; (vii) 
interruption and delays resulting from unforeseen environmental or engineering problems; (viii) 
shortages of materials and labour and increased costs of materials and labour; (ix) claims from 
subcontractors; (xi) expropriation procedures; (xi) geological instability caused by construction 
excavations; (xii) discovery of contaminated soils not identified by the soil analyses conducted during 
the environmental impact studies; and (xiii) archaeological finds discovered during construction 
works. 
Among others, the ability of the Group to obtain, maintain and comply with all necessary permissions, 
licenses and consents from public authorities may be compromised due to local residents and 
communities opposing the projects or third party infrastructure necessary for the Group or public 
transport improvements to motorways and railways connecting the Airports to the surrounding areas. 
Such opposition, usually based on the grounds that any construction works may generate pollution or 
otherwise have adverse effects on health and the environment, may take the form of litigation or 
protests and/or other forms of public opposition to the expropriation of land needed for such works 
(so-called “not-in-my-backyard” or “NIMBY” protests). 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the Issuer’s estimates regarding the cost of, and time to 
complete, the projects will be accurate, particularly when are in the preliminary stages of planning and 
have not yet been approved. Consequently, the Issuer may be subject to cost overruns (that, in 
addition, may derives also as a result of higher than expected inflation) and delays due to, inter alia, 
any of the foregoing circumstances.  
Any of the above events may negatively affect the timely performance of the Investment Plan, which 
in turn may result in penalties and sanctions being imposed by ENAC and/or in the inability of the 
Group to meet expected future air traffic demands and, in the event of serious and repeated unjustified 
delays, in the revocation of the Concession (for further information, see “Regulatory Framework — 
The Concession – Main Concession Terms”).  
In addition, the timely performance of the Investment Plan may be affected by a reduction in the 
traffic levels at Fiumicino Airport and Ciampino Airport (see also “The Issuer’s consolidated income 
could decline as a result of a reduction of air traffic and passengers volumes or other factors outside 
the Issuer’s control.” and “The Group is primarily dependent on a limited number of airlines.” above) 
as well as by more stringent requirements on the planning and implementation of construction works 
imposed by Italian local, regional and national laws and regulations or by verification procedures 
conducted by competent authorities.

--- Page 31 ---
14
 
 
Airport operation is a complex undertaking that is subject to a number of operational risks that 
could lead to service interruption at the Airports. 
The Issuer is exposed to a number of operational risks that could affect quality of service to 
passengers and stakeholders, lead to service interruption at the Airports – resulting in reputational 
damage – health and safety issues or a significant increase in operational and/or capital expenditure of 
the Issuer. These operational risks include, inter alia, airplane accidents, acts of terrorism, cyber-
attacks, wars (such as the Russo-Ukrainian war and the conflicts in the Middle-East (see also “The 
Issuer’s consolidated income could decline as a result of a reduction of air traffic volumes, 
passengers or other factors outside the Issuer’s controls” above, fires (as in the case of the fire which 
broke out at Terminal 3 of Fiumicino Airport on the night of 6 May 2015), flooding, bird strikes, 
unauthorised drone flights, service interruption by utility providers (e.g. water, electricity, or 
connectivity services) or service providers, human error, technical issues, explosions, earthquakes, 
contagious disease outbreaks, volcanic ash clouds and other forms of inclement weather (e.g. 
blizzards, fog, strong winds and flooding etc.). The occurrence of any of these events could result in a 
significant increase in expenditure for the operation, maintenance or repair of the Airports and/or 
could decrease air traffic volumes and/or cause a temporary inability to operate the Airports’ 
infrastructure and facilities (including shops and retail areas), which could result in a significant 
decline in revenue from the Airports.  
Some of the above mentioned events could result in the deaths of passengers, employees, local 
residents, and damage to, or destruction of, infrastructure (including digital infrastructure), property 
and the environment. If such an event occurs at the Airports, operations may be interrupted while such 
event is investigated and any ensuing damage is repaired. Such event could also procure significant 
reputational damage vis-à-vis the Issuer’s stakeholders as well as affect travel behaviour by reducing 
passenger traffic to or through Rome for a longer period. Furthermore, any governmental inquiry held 
to examine the causes of and responses to such event might result in the Issuer being required to 
modify or even, in extreme cases, temporarily cease its operations at the Airports, and to potentially 
incur significant costs. The imposition of additional government-mandated security and other 
preventative measures at the Airports could also lead to additional limitations on airport capacity or 
retail space, resulting in overcrowding, increases in operating costs, delays in passenger movement 
through the Airports and other forms of service interruption. 
Risks relating to cyber-crime. 
The Rome Airport System’s operations are dependent on its own information technology systems and 
those of its third party service providers. The Group could be a target of cyber-attacks designed to 
infiltrate such systems, misappropriate proprietary information and/or cause interruption to its 
services. The risk of cyber-crime increases especially as infiltrating technology is becoming more 
sophisticated, and there can be no assurance that ADR will be able to prevent all threats. Any cyber-
attacks could impair the Group’s ability to operate its business and provide services to its customers 
as well as cause the theft of sensitive or confidential data or fraud, which could negatively affect 
ADR’s reputation and potentially expose it to litigation and liability. 
The Group’s business operations may be affected by reduced levels of service provided by cargo 
and handling service providers. 
The market for handling services has traditionally been characterised by strong competitiveness and 
limited margins. The trend of the airport handling sector generally reflects the structure of the air 
transport market and the risks associated with airlines’ strategic choices. Contracts governing relations 
between handlers and carriers are normally subject to rights of withdrawal that are particularly 
favourable for carriers. Increased competitive pressure and low margins may affect the standards of 
quality provided to carriers and passengers at the Airports (i.e. check-in, boarding and/or baggage 
reclaim waiting times), which could result in carriers withdrawing from the contracts.

--- Page 32 ---
15
 
 
The Issuer might be subject to the risk of labour disputes.  
Although the Group enjoys good relations with its employees, it may however experience strikes, 
lockouts or other significant work stoppages in the future. The Group’s insurance policies do not 
cover labour unrest, and the Group does not carry business interruption insurance to cover any 
operating losses it may experience, such as reduced revenue, resulting from work stoppages, strikes or 
similar industrial actions. In addition, the Issuer may also be affected by work stoppages of third 
parties’ employees, such as pilots and crew of airlines, air traffic control staff, public emergency 
workers or the Group’s subcontractors’ workers. 
The Issuer is subject to risks associated with its fixed costs that are incurred regardless of air traffic 
volumes. 
A significant portion of the costs incurred by the Group is fixed and not directly linked to the level of 
air traffic volumes. These fixed costs include operating expenses relating to employees, maintenance, 
cleaning and depreciation/amortisation that do not fluctuate significantly with air traffic volumes. As 
a result, the Issuer has limited flexibility in dealing with any unforeseen shortfall in revenues, related 
to periods of lower air traffic volumes. 
The Issuer is subject to risks associated with the delay or failure of third parties’ construction and 
improvement of motorways and railways connecting the Group’s airports to the surrounding areas, 
or the malfunctioning of such public transportation. 
The Airports’ accessibility and geographical location are vital for the growth of the Group’s business 
and the volume of air traffic handled. Improvements to the road and railway networks, which are 
essential for enhanced accessibility to the Airports and the extension of their geographic coverage, are 
carried out by third parties, and not by the Group. Such improvements are necessary to implement the 
Investment Plan and handle the expected subsequent increase in the number of passengers. Delays or 
failure to implement these improvements to the road and railway networks, as well as the occasional 
malfunction or interruption of public transport services, operating through such infrastructure, such as 
during labour unrest, may affect accessibility to the Airports.  
The Group may be required to make significant payments for damages and its insurance coverage 
might not be adequate or available in all circumstances. 
Although the Group holds all risk, accident and civil liability insurance policies, there can be no 
assurance that these cover all of the liabilities that may arise from third party claims, or from any 
required reconstruction, or maintenance and operating losses, including costs resulting from damage 
to the Airports. Insurance policies may not apply if a particular loss is not covered, or is specifically 
excluded, thereunder, for example as a result of the application of deductibles, cover limits or excess 
levels, or if an insurer successfully relies on a defence available to it, such as the breach of disclosure 
obligations or conditions or misrepresentation. Moreover, there can be no assurance that if the 
insurance policy is terminated or not renewed, a new insurance policy will be available on reasonable 
commercial terms, or at all. 
The Group is exposed to structural changes on the Italian labour market  
The Group is dependent on its ability to effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and 
employees. The intense competition within the labour market poses a significant risk of increased 
employee turnover and challenges in attracting a sufficient number of suitable candidates. 
Compounding this issue are the demographic dynamics in Italy, which contribute to the structural nature 
of this risk, further exacerbating difficulties in workforce recruitment and retention. Additionally, the 
airport sector has specific operational requirements, including regulatory authorizations and extended 
training periods for employees, which can lead to delayed availability of personnel. Consequently, 
personnel shortages may adversely impact the Group's capacity to provide operational services, 
ultimately affecting its anticipated business development.

--- Page 33 ---
16
 
 
COMPLIANCE RISKS 
The Issuer is dependent on the Concession, which accounts for substantially all of the Issuer’s 
consolidated revenues. 
The Issuer is dependent on the exclusive Concession (as defined below) to manage and operate 
(directly or indirectly through other Group companies or third parties) Fiumicino Airport and 
Ciampino Airport. As at 31 December 2024, almost all of the Issuer’s consolidated revenues were 
derived from aviation and non-aviation revenues (including revenues from real estate activities and 
commercial activities, such as sales, sub-concessions and utilities, car parks and advertising) related to 
the operation of the Airports (as defined below) under the Concession (see “Description of the Issuer” 
for further information). ADR expects that all or a substantial part of the Group’s future business, 
revenues and profitability will continue to depend upon the Concession which, pursuant to Article 202 
of Italian Law Decree No. 34/2020 (the so-called Re-launch Law Decree), as amended and converted 
into Italian law No. 77 of 17 July 2020, is set to expire on 30 June 2046, although in certain 
circumstances it could be terminated before that date (see “Risk Factors — The Issuer is subject to 
penalties or sanctions for non-performance of its obligations or default under the Concession and the 
Regulatory Framework, which, if unremedied, could result in the Concession being terminated. 
Furthermore, in case of termination of the Concession the compensation payment due to the Issuer 
would not necessarily equal the amount the Issuer expected to receive thereunder”). No assurance can 
be given that the Issuer may be able to renew the Concession or enter into a new concession to permit 
it to carry on its core business after the expiry of the Concession, or that any new concession entered 
into or renewal of the existing Concession will be on terms similar to those of the Concession.  
The Issuer is subject to penalties or sanctions for non-performance of its obligations or default 
under the Concession and the Regulatory Framework, which, if unremedied, could result in the 
Concession being terminated. Furthermore, in case of termination of the Concession the 
compensation payment due to the Issuer would not necessarily equal the amount the Issuer expects 
to receive thereunder.  
The Issuer is required to comply with significant obligations, which include: 
 
developing and implementing an investment plan to expand the capacity of the Rome Airport 
System (as defined in “Description of the Issuer — Overview”) with overall estimated 
investments of Euro 9.2 billion ;  
 
managing the Rome Airport System and maintaining a high level of quality; 
 
performing ordinary and extraordinary maintenance of all airport infrastructure and facilities 
(including runways and taxiways, handling operations, parking areas and internal roads); and 
 
operating and maintaining all equipment and machinery necessary for the performance of 
directly managed airport services. 
Pursuant to the Regulatory Framework, in the event of non-performance of its obligations or default 
under the Concession, the Issuer is subject to penalties or sanctions.  
Additionally, certain events or significant breaches by ADR in the performance of its obligations 
under the Regulatory Framework (such as, inter alia, serious breaches of the Italian Navigation Code, 
breaches of safety provisions, significant and unjustified delays in the implementation of the 
investment plan and/or failure to pay the Concession’s fees) or valid public interest reasons (motivate 
esigenze di interesse pubblico) could lead to the early termination of the Concession by an inter-
ministerial decree upon ENAC’s proposal. For further information on the procedures for 
(i) revocation of the Concession for public interest reasons (revoca per ragioni di interesse pubblico) 
pursuant to Italian law, (ii) discontinuance upon termination of the Concession (cessazione del 
rapporto concessorio per risoluzione della convenzione) pursuant to Italian law and (iii) withdrawal 
of the Concession (decadenza dalla concessione) pursuant to Italian law for other reasons as

--- Page 34 ---
17
 
 
described below, as well as due to the circumstances triggering the foregoing, see “Regulatory 
Framework — The Concession – Main Concession Terms – Early Termination of the Concession”. 
Following any of the events described above, the Airports’ buildings, plants and machineries would 
revert to the Italian state (demanio dello Stato) and compensation would be paid to ADR (see 
“Regulatory Framework — The Concession – Main Concession Terms”). The calculation of the 
amount of compensation payable to ADR could lead to protracted negotiations or litigation regarding 
the amount of such compensation payment (see “Regulatory Framework — The Concession – Main 
Concession Terms – The Compensation Payment” for further information) and, in certain cases, could 
result in the Issuer receiving less than it expects to receive upon a termination event. Such 
compensation payment may not adequately cover the Issuer’s investments under the Concession and 
the Regulatory Framework, may curtail future expected cash flows from the Concession and the 
amounts that were expected to cover repayment of debt may not be sufficient.  
Risks relating to the violation of rules, regulations and ethical principles 
The Group operates in a highly regulated environment at a domestic, European and international 
level. The Italian airport sector and the Concession are governed by a series of European and Italian 
local, regional and national laws and regulations. Among others, it is worth mentioning laws and 
regulation concerning: (i) health and safety; (ii) waste management; (iii) cyber security; (iv) privacy; 
(v) noise; (vi) town planning; (vii) human rights and diversity, equity and inclusion; (viii) 
environmental protection; (ix) fire; (x) labor; (xi) artificial intelligence; (xii) accounting; and (xiii) 
administrative-accounting procedures. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
change to the laws and regulations and/or to the Concession. The cost of complying with such laws 
and regulations, including health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, could be onerous, 
including, potentially, loss of revenue. Any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could 
result in the Group being subject to penalties for violations, sanctions, initiation of procedures for 
forfeiture of the Concession, reputational damages and/or incurring costs related to implementing 
mitigating or other measures. Furthermore, such laws and regulations are also susceptible to complex 
unpredictable developments. 
The Issuer may be subject to legal proceedings that could adversely affect its consolidated revenues. 
As part of their ordinary course of business, companies within the Group are and/or might be involved 
in a number of civil, administrative, labour, criminal and tax proceedings and actions (for further 
information, see paragraph 9.5 headed “Litigation” of the “Notes to the condensed interim 
consolidated financial statements of the Aeroporti di Roma Group” of the consolidated financial 
statements included in the 2024 Integrated Report, incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus). ADR has made provision in its consolidated financial statements in respect of pending 
litigation which is likely to have a negative outcome in respect of which a reasonable estimate of the 
amounts involved can be made. As at 31 December 2024, ADR had a provision for risks and charges 
amounting to approximately Euro 16.38 million. In certain cases, where the negative outcome of 
disputes was merely possible, no specific provision was made in ADR’s consolidated accounts in 
accordance with the principles and procedures governing the preparation of financial statements. In 
addition, the Group is involved in certain minor proceedings, for which no provision for contingent 
liabilities was made, as the impact of any negative outcome could not be estimated. 
FINANCIAL RISKS 
Risk associated with non-compliance / non-performance of obligations provided for in financial 
arrangements 
A significant portion of the Group’s borrowings provides, in line with market practice, for certain 
restrictive covenants, such as, inter alia, financial covenants, “pari passu” ranking clauses and 
“negative pledge” clauses, as well as a mandatory prepayment related to “change of control” event, 
concession event and/or sale of assets event. Failure to comply with any of the covenants referred to 
above and/or the occurrence of any mandatory prepayment event, unless waived, could limit the

--- Page 35 ---
18
 
 
possibility to use the funding sources, cause the early termination of the relevant financing, trigger a 
cross default under the Notes (and/or the other financial indebtedness).  
Credit and counterparty risk.  
In conducting its commercial and financial activities, the Issuer is exposed to the risk that its 
counterparties and the counterparties of any other member of the Group, including, among others, the 
carriers operating at Fiumicino Airport and Ciampino Airport, counterparties performing non-aviation 
activities and financial counterparties, might not be able to promptly and/or fully discharge all or part 
of their obligations, whether these involve the payment for goods already delivered and services 
rendered.  
The Group also depends on the cooperation of a large number of third parties, including government 
agencies, local authorities and business partners, to provide essential functions, such as air traffic 
control, cargo and baggage handling services, customs and border control, re-fuelling, rescue and 
fire-fighting services, utilities provision and catering. The Group’s business operations and/or 
reputation may be affected if these service providers do not adequately perform or interrupt 
performance of the services they are required to provide. Such risk might be exacerbated if the 
counterparty is a leader of its sector or has particular and specific know-how that could make such 
counterparty difficult to replace. Furthermore, this risk is heightened by the condition of Fiumicino, 
which is undergoing a development phase in accordance with the Concession and the Regulatory 
Framework, as hub for the reference carriers. Any failure by these third parties to appropriately 
respond to passenger volumes, accidents, fire, technical defects or failures in IT or data processing 
may cause flight delays, damage to facilities and the cancellation of airport services. Furthermore, 
these third parties may experience financial difficulties or become insolvent.  
Risk related to the variation / volatility of interest rates. 
The Issuer is exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, which vary depending on monetary policy 
decisions taken by the central banks or deterioration in the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or its 
counterparties. Increases in market reference rates or credit spreads applied to the Issuer may result in 
a significant increase in the cost of debt and may negatively impact the value of its financial assets 
and liabilities. 
Liquidity and funding risk.  
Liquidity risk concerns the inability to meet the financial obligations taken on due to lack of internal 
resources and/or inability to find external resources at acceptable costs. The Group’s ability to borrow 
from banks or in the capital markets to meet its financial requirements is dependent, inter alia, on 
favourable market conditions as well as on credit rating attributed to the Issuer (in this respect, see 
risk factor headed “Any credit rating downgrade may impair the Issuer’s ability to obtain financing 
and may significantly increase the Issuer’s cost of indebtedness” below).  
The foregoing may negatively affect the Issuer’s ability to obtain financing to fund working capital, 
capital expenditure, investment plans, strategic acquisitions, business opportunities and other 
corporate requirements as well as the maintenance and development of airport infrastructure. The 
Conditions do not impose any restrictions on the Issuer’s ability to incur additional indebtedness, 
including (subject to Condition 4) any secured debt which ranks prior to the Notes. Any such 
indebtedness could mature prior to the Notes or, if secured, could rank in priority to the Notes with 
respect to certain assets. The incurrence of additional indebtedness would also increase the 
leverage-related risks. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to raise future finance on 
terms that are economically viable, or at all.

--- Page 36 ---
19
 
 
Any credit rating downgrade may impair the Issuer’s ability to obtain financing and may 
significantly increase the Issuer’s cost of indebtedness. 
Rating agencies regularly evaluate the credit rating of the Issuer and of its debt securities; such 
evaluations are based on a number of factors, some of which are outside of the Issuer’s control. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s credit rating is “BBB-” (with Stable Outlook) by S&P, 
“Baa2” (with Stable Outlook) by Moody’s and “BBB-” (with Stable Outlook) by Fitch. Any negative 
review of the Issuer’s rating might result from, inter alia, (i) a weakening or deterioration of its 
financial and/or liquidity profile, (ii) evidence of inconsistent implementation of the ERA or material 
changes in the terms and conditions of the Concession, or (iii) negative pressure on the Italian 
sovereign rating. Furthermore, according to the assessment methodologies adopted by the 
abovementioned rating agencies, the rating actions affecting Mundys may also affect ADR. Should 
ADR be subject to negative rating actions, it may impede its ability to obtain financing on 
commercially acceptable terms, or on any terms at all, or interfere with the Issuer’s ability to 
implement its corporate strategy. 
MATERIAL RISKS THAT ARE SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES AND WHICH ARE 
MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED 
WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the 
most common such features (but is not intended to be an exhaustive description): 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Where the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest rate 
will be below the margin, if any, or may be zero. Accordingly, where the rate of interest is equal to 
zero, the holders of such Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all 
interest periods. 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange 
rate index “benchmarks”. 
The EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing 
national, international and other regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
“benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted.  
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” include the International Organization of Securities 
Commission (“IOSCO”)’s proposed Principles for Financial Market Benchmarks (July 2013) (the 
“IOSCO Benchmark Principles”) and the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (the “EU BMR”) which applies, 
subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the European Union.

--- Page 37 ---
20
 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
BMR”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The scope of the EU BMR and UK BMR is 
wide and, in addition to so-called ‘critical benchmark’ indices such as EURIBOR, will apply to many 
other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and other 
indices (including “proprietary” indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial 
instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds. 
The EU BMR and/or the UK BMR, as applicable, could have a material impact on any listed Notes 
linked to a “benchmark” index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
appropriate authorisations or is based in a non-EU or non-UK (as applicable) jurisdiction which 
(subject to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such 
event, depending on the particular “benchmark” and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes 
could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; 
(ii) the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” related to a series of Notes could be changed 
in order to comply with the terms of the EU BMR and/or the UK BMR, as applicable, and such 
changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level of the “benchmark” or of 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of 
the Notes, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform), the discontinuing of or 
the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements.  
An example of such proposals for benchmark reform was the reform of EURIBOR, to use a hybrid 
methodology and to provide fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight 
risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working 
group on euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate. 
€STR was published by the European Central Bank on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 
2019, the euro risk-free rate working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback 
provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk 
to the euro area financial system. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to 
comply with the terms of the EU BMR, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its 
current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. 
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
participate in certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
“benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. The disappearance of a 
“benchmark” or changes in the manner of administration of a “benchmark” could result in adjustment 
to the terms and conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent, 
delisting (if listed) or other consequence in relation to Notes linked to such “benchmark”. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
21
 
 
If the relevant Reference Rate is discontinued, the rate of interest of the affected Floating Rate 
Notes will be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any 
requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained. 
The Conditions provide also for certain additional arrangements in the event that a published Original 
Reference Rate (as defined below) (including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may 
be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of 
interest could be set by reference to a Successor Reference Rate (as defined below) or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as defined below), and that such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate may be adjusted (if required) by the application of an Adjustment Spread (as defined below). 
The application of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or an Adjustment 
Spread may result in the relevant Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. In certain 
circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period (as defined below) may 
result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last used for 
the relevant Notes or last observed on the Relevant Screen Page (as defined below). 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and 
Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined below), the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent 
Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or 
guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory 
authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 5(j). 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
If in the case of any particular Series of the Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer’s option pursuant to the Conditions, the Issuer may choose to redeem the 
Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. Further, during any period in which 
there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood that the Issuer may redeem the Notes, the 
price of the Notes may also be adversely impacted. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period.  
The Issuer may elect to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. See also “The Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to maturity and 
investors may be unable to reinvest the proceeds of any such redemption in comparable securities”.

--- Page 39 ---
22
 
 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to maturity and investors may be unable to reinvest the 
proceeds of any such redemption in comparable securities. 
Unless in the case of any particular Series of Notes the applicable Final Terms specify otherwise, in 
the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Series of Notes the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s option or in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose to 
redeem those Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low (see also “Notes 
subject to optional redemption by the Issuer” above). In both such circumstances an investor may not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as 
high as that of the Notes. 
In addition, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option (as defined in Condition 7(f)), there is no 
obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when 80 per cent. or more of the original aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes has been redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and 
the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice 
in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option the Notes may have been trading significantly 
above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss. 
Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes described as “Step Up Notes” 
or “Premium Payment Notes”. In such event, (i) the interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is 
subject to upward adjustment in certain circumstances specified in the Conditions or (ii) a premium 
payment may be payable in connection with the Premium Payment Notes in certain circumstances 
specified in the Conditions, in any case depending on the definition of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Condition, Scope 3 Emissions Condition and Gender Diversity Percentage Condition (each as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). The Notes described above are not being marketed as 
green bonds, social bonds or alike purpose financing instrument, since the Issuer expects to use the 
relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to 
allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental, 
sustainability or social criteria, or be subject to any other limitations associated with such instruments. 
Such Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for 
investment in assets with sustainability characteristics and the definition of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, 
Scope 3 Emissions and Gender Diversity Percentage may be inconsistent with investor requirements 
or expectation or other definitions relevant to carbon dioxide emissions. 
Although the Issuer targets decreasing its carbon dioxide gas emissions, there can be no assurance of 
the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in 
furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal 
standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse 
environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any 
investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of this target or such investments may become 
controversial or criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders.  
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion (as defined under 
“Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, Second Party Opinion and External Verification”

--- Page 40 ---
23
 
 
above) as well as any other opinion, report or certification or sustainability rating that the Issuer may 
request a specialised consulting firm or rating agency to issue in connection with the issue of “Step 
Up Notes” or “Premium Payment Notes”, may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
the structure, market, additional risk factors and other factors that may affect the value of the relevant 
Notes. The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion, as well as any other 
opinion, report, certification or sustainability ratings, would not constitute a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold the relevant “Step Up Notes” or “Premium Payment Notes” and would only be current as 
of the date it is released.  A withdrawal of any such opinions, reports, certifications or sustainability 
ratings may affect the value of such “Step Up Notes” or “Premium Payment Notes” and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked assets. 
Furthermore, prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, 
report, certification or sustainability rating and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such opinion, report, certification or sustainability rating for the purpose of any 
investment in the Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports, certifications and 
sustainability ratings are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. For the 
avoidance of doubt, as mentioned, any such opinion, report, certification or sustainability rating 
(including, without limitation, the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party Opinion 
and the related Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework) is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, 
incorporated into and/or form part of this Base Prospectus (unless otherwise expressly stated). In 
addition, as there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
clear market consensus as to what constitutes a “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” or 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” (and, in addition, the requirements of any such 
label may evolve from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, any 
other member of the Group, the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies), any second party opinion providers or the Assurance Provider that the Step Up Notes and 
the Premium Payment Notes will meet any or all investor expectations regarding the Step Up Notes 
and/or, the Premium Payment Notes or the Group’s targets qualifying as “sustainable” or 
“sustainability-linked” or that any adverse other impacts will not occur in connection with the Group 
striving to achieve such targets. 
Furthermore, a basis for the determination of the definitions of “sustainability-linked” has been 
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the 
“Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The European Commission 
adopted the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 (the “Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act”), introducing the first set of technical screening criteria to define which 
activities contribute substantially to two of the environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy i.e., climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation. The Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act became effective as of 1 January 2022. In addition, on 9 March 2022 the EU 
Commission adopted the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 covering certain nuclear 
and gas activities, which became effective as of 1 January 2023. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022 the 
European Commission adopted the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1288 with regard to 
regulatory technical standards (RTS) specifying the details of the content and presentation of the 
information in relation to the principle of “do no significant harm”, specifying the content, 
methodologies and presentation of information in relation to sustainability indicators and adverse 
sustainability impacts, and the content and presentation of the information in relation to the promotion 
of environmental or social characteristics and sustainable investment objectives in pre-contractual 
documents, on websites and in periodic reports supplementing Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the 
“Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation”), which became effective as of 1 January 2023. Any 
further delegated act that is adopted by the EU Commission in implementation of the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation may furthermore 
evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to reflect technological

--- Page 41 ---
24
 
 
progress, resulting in regular review to the relating screening criteria. While the Group’s sustainability 
strategy (which embeds the key performance indicators to which the Notes are linked) and its related 
investments aim to be aligned with the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
and the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation, until the technical screening criteria for such 
objectives has been further developed, it is not known to what extent the investments planned in the 
Group’s sustainability strategy will satisfy those criteria. Pending such further developments, there is 
no certainty to what extent the investments planned in the Group’s sustainability strategy (also 
underlying the Notes through their link to certain key performance indicators) will be aligned with the 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation and the 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act. 
The Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability 
key performance indicators. 
The Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability 
key performance indicators such as carbon dioxide equivalent emissions (see “Step Up Notes and 
Premium Payment Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics”) which must be complied with by the Issuer, and in respect of 
which a Step Up Option or Premium Payment Condition applies, if applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms. The failure to meet such sustainability key performance indicators will result in increased 
interest amounts or additional payments under such Notes, which would increase the Group’s cost of 
funding and which could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its 
financial condition or its results of operations. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Step Up Event or a Premium Payment Trigger Event 
may occur if, amongst other things (i) carbon dioxide emissions do not reduce by at least the relevant 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold or Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold on the 
relevant Reference Year(s) or (ii) the Group is not able to reach a certain level of gender diversity in 
middle and senior management positions, as applicable. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
permit the Issuer to recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 3 Emissions Amount, Scope 3 
Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Gender Diversity Percentage and 
the Gender Diversity Percentage Ratio at the occurrence of certain material events. The occurrence of 
any such recalculation event may impact, positively or negatively, the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its sustainability targets, which could in turn adversely affect the market value of the Step Up Notes 
and/or the Premium Payment Notes (as well as other securities of the Issuer). 
In addition, each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and Gender 
Diversity Percentage is calculated internally by the Issuer based on broadly accepted industry 
standards and guidelines. These standards and guidelines may change over time, which may affect the 
way in which the Issuer performs such calculations. The standards and guidelines continue to be 
reviewed by expert groups and include contributions from industry bodies, which may change going 
forward. As a consequence, any of these changes to the calculation methodology or to standards and 
guidelines may not be in line with investors’ expectations or requirements when investing in Step Up 
Notes and Premium Payment Notes. 
No Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes, nor will 
the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, if the Issuer fails to comply with the a 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition and/or a Scope 3 Emissions Condition and/or a Gender Diversity 
Percentage Condition.

--- Page 42 ---
25
 
 
Failure to meet the relevant sustainability targets may have a material impact on the market price 
of any Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes issued under the Programme and could expose 
the Group to reputational risks. 
Although the Issuer’s intention, on issue of any Step Up Note and Premium Payment Note under the 
Programme, will be to maintain or get certain sustainability targets, there can be no assurance of the 
extent to which it will be successful in doing so, that the Issuer may decide not to continue with 
achieving such sustainability targets or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of 
achieving such objectives will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal 
standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact.  
In addition, the Issuer may decide to announce different and/or more ambitious sustainability targets 
after the Issue Date of any Series of Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes and/or to apply such 
different and/or more ambitious sustainability targets to other financing instruments. In such 
circumstances, there will be no automatic upgrade of the sustainability targets applicable to the Step 
Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes outstanding at that time or the provision of different targets. 
However, while the Issuer maintains a certain degree of flexibility to amend the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms to incorporate more ambitious sustainability targets following the Issue Date 
of each Series of Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment Notes (see Condition 12(b)), the Issuer is 
under no obligation to do so. 
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Step Up Notes and Premium Payment 
Notes and the price at which a holder of Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes will be able to 
sell its Step Up Notes or Premium Payment Notes in such circumstance prior to maturity may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
Noteholder. See also “Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes may not be a suitable investment 
for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics” above for a description 
of the risk that Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes may not satisfy an investor’s 
requirements or any future legal or other standards for investment in assets with sustainability 
characteristics.  
A failure by the Group to satisfy the sustainability targets could also harm the Group’s reputation. 
Furthermore, the Group’s efforts in reaching the sustainability targets may become controversial or be 
criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Each of such circumstances could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
No Event of Default shall occur under any “Step Up Notes” and “Premium Payment Notes” issued 
under the Programme, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such “Step Up Notes” 
and “Premium Payment Notes”, if the Issuer fails to comply with the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Condition and/or the Scope 3 Emission Condition and/or the Gender Diversity Percentage Condition 
and/or to meet any other sustainability targets which might be set forth, or if it fails to comply with 
the disclosure and reporting obligations under the applicable Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework and the Notes and/or withdrawal of such opinion, report or certification issued in this 
respect. 
Changes to the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework. 
The Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework may be subject to review and change and 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any 
subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. A withdrawal by 
the Issuer of its Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework may affect the value of such Step Up 
Notes and Premium Payment Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 43 ---
26
 
 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any opinion, report, review, sustainability rating or 
certification of any third party relating to any Step Up Notes and/or Premium Payment Notes. 
In connection with the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, Morningstar Sustainalytics issued 
a second party opinion on 4 April 2025 (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-
party Opinion”). Moreover, the Issuer may request other sustainability rating agency, sustainability 
consulting firm or independent auditors to issue further second-party opinions, as well as reports, 
reviews, sustainability ratings or other form of certifications in connection with the issuance of Step 
Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the suitability, reliability and relevance of any 
opinion, report, review, sustainability rating, certification (including the Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework Second-party Opinion) and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of any such document for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. Currently, the 
providers of such opinions, reports, certifications and sustainability ratings are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. In addition, no assurance or representation is given 
by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their affiliates (including parent companies), as to 
the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report, certification or 
sustainability rating of any third party in connection with the offering of any Step Up Notes or 
Premium Payment Notes under the Programme. Any such opinion, report, certification or 
sustainability rating and any other document related thereto (including, without limitation, the 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework) is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
ESG Ratings. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings may differ. The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future 
operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of 
the dates on which they were initially issued. ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not 
subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG 
ratings. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG rating 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
No assurance that the Step Up Notes and/or Premium Payment Notes will be admitted to trading on 
any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of 
any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained. 
In the event that any Step Up Notes and/or Premium Payment Notes are listed or admitted to trading 
on a dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Additionally, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of such Notes. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified

--- Page 44 ---
27
 
 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes are issued, investors should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
Risk connected with the possibility of changes to the tax regime of the Notes. 
It is not possible to predict whether the tax regime applicable on interest and on other income, 
including capital gains, deriving from the Notes, will undergo changes during the life of such Notes; 
therefore it cannot be ruled out that, in the event of such changes, the net values indicated may alter, 
perhaps significantly, from those that actually apply to the Notes at the various payment dates. 
In this respect, Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 
August 2023 (“Law 111”), delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four 
months from its publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian 
tax system (the “Tax Reform”).  According to Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the 
taxation of financial incomes and capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax 
system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be 
quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage; therefore, the information provided in this Base 
Prospectus in relation to the tax treatment of the Notes may not reflect the future tax landscape 
accurately.   
Any greater fiscal charges on profits or on capital gains in connection with the Notes, with reference 
to those payable under the applicable tax regulations, following legislative or regulatory changes  
(including as a result of the Tax Reform), or as a result of a change of practice in terms of 
interpretation of the rules by the financial administration, will consequently mean a reduction in the 
return on the Notes, net of the tax charge, and this will not result in any obligation of the Issuer to pay 
the Noteholders any additional sum by way of compensation for such greater tax burden. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES GENERALLY. 
The Issuer may amend the economic terms and conditions of the Notes without the prior consent of 
all holders of such Notes. 
The Trust Deed and the Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Any such amendment to the Notes may 
include, without limitation, lowering the ranking of the Notes, reducing the amount of principal, 
premium and interest payable on the Notes, changing the time and manner of payment, changing 
provisions relating to redemption, limiting remedies on the Notes, and changing the amendment 
provisions. These and other changes may adversely impact Noteholders’ rights and may adversely 
impact the market value of the Notes. 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed, (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that 
any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution 
of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances 
described in Condition 12 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, provided that in each case in the Trustee’s opinion the interests of 
the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby.

--- Page 45 ---
28
 
 
Notes may be affected by a proposal relating to Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”). 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a 
common FTT in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, 
Slovakia and Spain (the “FTT Member States”).  Such proposal was approved by the European 
Parliament on 3 July 2013.  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and, if introduced in its current form, could apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the current proposals, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a FTT 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a FTT Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (i) by transacting with a person established in a 
FTT Member State or (ii) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
FTT Member State.  
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the Issuer with respect to certain transactions (including 
concluding swap transactions and/or purchases of securities (such as authorised investments)). Any 
such tax liabilities may reduce amounts available to the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes 
and may result in investors receiving less interest, premium or principal than expected. It should also 
be noted that the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) if the conditions for a charge to arise were 
satisfied and the FTT were adopted based on the abovementioned proposal.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the FTT Member States and may 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.    
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes, which will be 
deposited with a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note and the applicable 
Final Terms, investors will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are 
represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. The Issuer has 
no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. 
The Issuer cannot assure holders that the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
be adequate to ensure that holders receive payments in a timely manner. A holder of beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 46 ---
29
 
 
Conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent.  
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out 
of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other 
banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related 
derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity 
of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be 
adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY. 
No prior market for Notes. If an active trading market does not develop for the Notes, the Notes 
may not be able to be resold. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. Even if a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive 
to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies 
or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. Furthermore, Notes issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or 
regulated market and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and 
the liquidity and market prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. In addition, liquidity may be 
limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the value of Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal, premium and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a 
Noteholder’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
“Noteholder’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that there may 
be a material change in the exchange rate between the Specified Currency and the Noteholder’s 
Currency or that a modification of exchange controls by the applicable authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Noteholder’s Currency will be imposed. The Issuer has no control over the factors that 
generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events and the supply and 
demand for the applicable currencies. In recent years, exchange rates between certain currencies have 
been volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other currencies may be expected in the 
future. An appreciation in the value of the Noteholder’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (i) the Noteholder’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Noteholder’s 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Noteholder’s Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest, premium or principal than expected, or no interest, premium or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Series of Notes issued under 
the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will not

--- Page 47 ---
30
 
 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer from time to time or to other Notes 
issued under the Programme. In addition, real or anticipated changes in the Issuer’s credit ratings or 
the credit ratings of the Notes will generally affect the market value of the Notes. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such 
ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will 
also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and 
certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is 
not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may 
be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Furthermore, UK regulated investors are subject to similar restrictions under the CRA Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings 
issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (i) 
the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the 
case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates 
continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant 
conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary 
market.

--- Page 48 ---
31
 
 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections of the documents 
incorporated by reference set out in the table below. The following documents which have previously 
been published and have been filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank of Ireland, shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the integrated annual report of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the 
“2024 Integrated Report”), including the accompanying auditors’ reports (available at: 
https://www.adr.it/documents/17615/34773909/ADR_RAI+2024_ENG_KPMG_search.pdf/1
f110582-d5a6-e449-1856-45897d34d4f8?t=1744182789733); and 
(b) 
the integrated annual report of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the 
“2023 Integrated Report”), including the accompanying auditors’ report (available at: 
https://www.adr.it/documents/17615/27825263/220424_RAI23_ENG_Web.pdf/02184af5-
7d55-77e1-99a0-18ec49ffa24e?t=1713863657669). 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference may be inspected free of charge at the specified 
offices of the relevant paying agents and on the Issuer’s web site at the links provided above. 
Cross-reference lists 
The following information from the financial statements of the Issuer is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus, and the following cross-reference lists are provided to enable investors to 
identify specific items of information so incorporated. 
As at 31 December 2024 
Integrated annual report of the Issuer*  
Report on Operation
Pages 4-189
Consolidated statement of financial position .....................................................
Pages 194-195
Consolidated income statement .........................................................................
Page 196
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................
Page 197
Consolidated statement of changes in equity.....................................................
Page 198
Consolidated statement of cash flows................................................................
Page 199
Additional information to the statement of cash flows ......................................
Page 199
Notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Aeroporti di Roma 
Group.................................................................................................................
Pages 200-260
Annexes.............................................................................................................
Pages 261-262
Report of the independent Auditors...................................................................
Pages 263-268
 
As at 31 December 2023 
Integrated annual report of the Issuer*  
Report on Operation (except for Chapter 7 – Business Outlook)
Pages 4-108
Consolidated statement of financial position .....................................................
Page 111
Consolidated income statement .........................................................................
Page 112
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................
Page 112
Consolidated statement of changes in equity.....................................................
Page 113
Consolidated statement of cash flows................................................................
Page 114
Additional information to the statement of cash flows
Page 114
Notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Aeroporti di Roma 
Group.................................................................................................................
Pages 115-145
Annexes.............................................................................................................
Pages 146-147
Report of the independent Auditors...................................................................
Pages 148-151
 
* The page references indicated above correspond to the page references of the e-document.

--- Page 49 ---
32
 
 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference table above but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and it is provided for information purposes only. 
Each document incorporated herein by reference is current only as at the date of such document, and 
the incorporation by reference herein of such documents shall not create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date thereof or that the information 
contained therein is current as at any time subsequent to its date.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, one or more supplements may be prepared by the 
Issuer and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document that is incorporated by 
reference shall be deemed modified or superseded to the extent a statement contained in any 
subsequent document that is also incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes any such 
statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. References to this Base Prospectus shall be 
taken to mean this document.

--- Page 50 ---
33
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless indicated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds from 
each issue of Notes will be allocated by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, including, 
without limitation, capital expenditures and investments in accordance with the Regulatory 
Framework.

--- Page 51 ---
34
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
OVERVIEW  
The Issuer 
ADR is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under Italian law. Its registered office 
is at Via Pier Paolo Racchetti 1, 00054 – Fiumicino (Rome), Italy and it is registered with the 
Companies’ Register of Rome under number 13032990155, Fiscal Code 13032990155 and VAT 
Number 06572251004. ADR may be contacted by telephone at +39 06 65951. ADR’s website is 
www.adr.it. ADR is subject to the direction and coordination activity of Mundys (as defined below). 
ADR’s terms of incorporation shall last until 31 December 2050, subject to extension.  
The authorised and subscribed share capital of ADR as at 31 December 2024 was Euro 62,224,743.00 
fully-paid up, divided into 62,224,743 registered, ordinary shares with a nominal value of Euro 1.00 
each.  
Pursuant to ADR’s by-laws, the corporate purpose of ADR is the construction and operation of 
airports or parts thereof, as well as the operation of any activity associated with or complementary to 
air traffic of any kind or specialty. In particular, ADR’s corporate purpose also includes the unitary 
management of the Rome airport system (Fiumicino and Ciampino) pursuant to law No. 755 of 10 
November 1973 (as subsequently amended), as well as the management of other airports or airport 
systems; the design and construction of infrastructure and modernisation, maintenance, innovation, 
completion and enlargement works regarding the Rome airport system and other airports, and the 
relevant appurtenances; the management of airport services, as well as of other services associated 
with or useful for the operation of the Rome airport system and of other airports, including through 
contracts or sub-concessions; the provision of consulting services to third parties on matters relating 
to airport systems; the incorporation of companies and entities, with a similar or like business, or in 
any case associated with its own business, as well as the acquisition and disposal of stakes in the same 
companies and entities deemed useful for the achievement of the corporate object; the creation of any 
security interest, including collateral, in favour of third parties, and in general any commercial, 
industrial, financial, security or real estate transaction, also secured by security interest, that may be 
deemed necessary or desirable for the achievement of its corporate purpose. The aforesaid activities 
may be performed both in Italy and abroad.  
The Rome Airport System 
ADR manages the Rome airport system pursuant to a concession granted by the Italian Ministero 
delle infrastrutture e dei trasporti (the “MIT”), originally expiring on 30 June 2044 (the 
“Concession”) and subsequently extended, for the rationale specified under “History and 
Development – The Regulatory Framework and the tariff system” below, to 30 June 2046. For further 
information on the Concession, see “Regulatory Framework” below. 
The Rome airport system (the “Rome Airport System”) consists of (i) the “Leonardo da Vinci” 
international airport, located in Fiumicino, Rome (“Fiumicino Airport” or “Fiumicino”) and (ii) the 
“Giovan Battista Pastine” airport located in Ciampino, Rome (“Ciampino Airport” or “Ciampino” 
and together with Fiumicino, the “Airports”). 
Fiumicino Airport is one of the most important European airports in terms of number of passengers, 
benefiting from a large area of traffic attraction on the national territory and a high degree of 
connectivity with the main European and international destinations. The Ciampino Airport is a 
"secondary airport" with traffic essentially related to "low cost" and general aviation flights. Both 
airports benefit from the international importance enjoyed by the city of Rome, among the most 
important tourist and cultural destinations in the world.

--- Page 52 ---
35
 
 
 
The table below shows the main characteristics of the Fiumicino Airport and the Ciampino Airport as 
at 31 December 2024. 
Leonardo da Vinci - ROME FIUMICINO (FCO) 
Giovan Battista Pastine - ROME CIAMPINO 
(CIA) 
• 
The country's first airport, about 30 km from the 
centre of Rome; 
• 
grounds 
of 
approximately 
1,600 
hectares, 
consisting of: 
o 
a system of 3 flight runways with a paved 
area of approximately 61 hectares; and 
o 
140 
aprons 
for 
a 
paved 
area 
of 
approximately 155 hectares; 
• 
a system of terminals with a total gross surface 
area dedicated to passengers of approximately 
430,000 sqm equipped with: 
o 
419 check-in desks (141 at Terminal 1, 278 
at Terminal 3); 
o 
22 baggage reclaim belts;  
o 
98 boarding gates, of which 55 of the 
"contact" type, i.e. with a bridge; and 
o 
a joint control room (APOC) of 1900 Sq. 
m with 112 available workstations. 
• 
Second airport of Rome, just 15 km from the 
centre of Rome; 
• 
grounds 
of 
approximately 
157 
hectares, 
consisting of: 
o 
a single flight runway with a paved area of 
approximately 10 hectares; and 
o 
about 70 stands dedicated to the parking of 
aircraft and helicopters and a series of air 
side (hangar) and land side support 
structures; 
• 
a system of terminals with a total gross surface 
area dedicated to passengers of approximately 
16,000 sqm equipped with: 
o 
15 check-in desks; 
o 
4 baggage reclaim belts; and 
o 
15 boarding gates. 
 
For a more detailed description of the Airports, see “Description of the Issuer — Infrastructure”, 
below. 
2024 results in a nutshell  
The Rome Airport System is the leading airport infrastructure system in Italy in terms of passenger 
traffic, serving in the year ended 31 December 2024 approximately 53.1 million passengers, with an 
increase of 19% compared to 2023 and 7% compared to 2019. Over 30 new routes launched during 
2024 led to connecting the Airports to approximately 240 destinations across 80 countries around the 
world.

--- Page 53 ---
36
 
 
This result was largely driven by the success of Fiumicino Airport, which recorded 49.2 million 
passengers, up 21% compared to 2023 and 13% compared to 2019, thereby exceeding pre-Covid 
levels. In terms of aircraft movements, in the summer of 2024 Fiumicino Airport recorded an average 
of 153,000 passengers per day and a peak of over 180,000 in a single day. The results follow the full 
recovery of pre-Covid air traffic levels and global growth which, although not uniform between 
markets, has brought many countries back to traffic levels comparable to 2019. This success was 
supported by the increasing growth of ITA Airways, the expansion of some of the main carriers 
operating at the airport, including in particular the excellent performance of North American carriers, 
consolidating the role of Fiumicino as one of Europe's main hubs, a driving force for the economy and 
for local and national tourism. The expansion of the network of connections saw the introduction of 
new strategic routes and concerned both the long-haul, with the opening of new intercontinental 
destinations to North America, Asia and the Middle East, and the short and medium-haul, with a 
strengthening of connections to the main European and Mediterranean cities. Among the most 
significant innovations is the launch of direct flights to Bangkok, Seoul, Jeddah, Dubai, to respond to 
the growing demand for direct connections with key markets for tourism and business; likewise, the 
increase in the number of flights to important destinations, such as New York, has ensured a greater 
number of connections, improving connectivity and travel experience for passengers and airline 
operators. In 2024 new airlines started serving the Airports, which contributed to diversifying the 
offer and making the Rome Airport System increasingly competitive and attractive at global level. 
Ciampino Airport handled 3.86 million passengers in 2024, essentially in line with 2023, given the 
operational restriction affecting the airport, but confirming its strategic role within the Rome Airport 
System. 
Commercial activities (i.e., all the space sub-concessions aimed at retail sales in the retail and food & 
beverage sectors) also showed positive performance in 2024 thanks to the growth in traffic and the 
opening of new areas to ensure the improvement of the commercial offer to the passengers. 
In 2024, ADR recorded a gross operating profit (EBITDA) of Euro 629.1 million, compared to Euro 
470.0 million in the previous year, and with a profit (loss) for the year of Euro 299.2 million, 
compared to 193.4 million euros in 2023. Net financial debt at 31 December 2024 amounted to 
approximately Euro 1.4 billion, with a ratio between net financial debt and EBITDA of approximately 
2.2x. Investments in 2024 amounted to over Euro 333.6 million, up 3% compared to 2023, for the 
expansion and upgrading of the infrastructure. The analyses of compliance of economic activities with 
the European Taxonomy for Sustainable Activities also show a strong alignment of the ADR Group 
with the climate change mitigation targets in 2024. In particular, 77.7% of turnover and 77.4% of 
investments refer to activities aligned with the Taxonomy and 72.4% of operating expenses are 
dedicated to Taxonomy aligned activities. 
The economic results reflect the ability to seize the opportunities offered by the global recovery 
through targeted planning. From the point of view of infrastructural growth, during 2024 ADR 
continued its commitment to renovating and developing both airports, with wide-ranging 
interventions that combine modernity, sustainability and innovation. 
The table below shows the main financial and sustainability highlights of 2024. 
CATEGORY 
UoM 
INDICATORS 
2024 
2023 
Δ% vs 
2023 
BUSINESS 
No. 
Total passengers 
53,065,540 
44,429,929 
19.4% 
No. 
Total aircraft movements 
358,026 
309,233 
15.8% 
Score 
Customer satisfaction (ACI)1 
4.6 
4.6 
0% 
 
1 Evaluation scale: from 1 (Poor) to 5 (Excellent).

--- Page 54 ---
37
 
 
ECONOMIC 
€/mln 
Total revenue 
1,309.0 
1,130.0 
15.8% 
of which: Revenue from airport 
management 
1,066.1 
878.5 
21.4% 
Net operating costs 
679.4 
660.0 
2.9% 
EBITDA 
629.1 
470.0 
33.9% 
Profit for the year attributable to the 
owners of the parent 
+299.2 
+193.4 
54.7% 
Investments 
333.6 
323.6 
3.1% 
Cash and cash equivalents 
599.5 
909.3 
(34.1%) 
ENVIRONMENT 
tons 
Total CO₂ emissions (Scope 1 and 2) 
63,757 
70,429 
-9.5% 
tons 
Total CO₂ emissions (Scope 3)2 
891,623 
992,613 
-10.2% 
kWh / 
(Mpax*
sqm)
Energy consumption intensity3 
5.2 
6.0 
-13.3% 
% 
Investments aligned with the EU 
Taxonomy 
77 
81 
-4.9 p.p. 
SOCIAL 
contents 
Rate of workplace injuries 
10.2 
13.9 
-26.6% 
No. 
Total employees 
4,213 
4,092 
3% 
% 
Percentage of female employees 
40.8 
40 
1 p.p. 
% 
Percentage of women in managerial 
positions 
34.1 
32.3 
2 p.p. 
No. 
Employment generated 
540,467 
388,183 
39.2% 
 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
The establishment of the Rome Airport System and the incorporation of the former Aeroporti 
di Roma 
Ciampino Airport was opened in 1916 to serve both civilian and military purposes and remained the 
only airport serving the Rome area until the opening of Fiumicino Airport on 15 January 1961. Italian 
law No. 755 of 10 November 1973 (“Law No. 755/73”) established the Rome Airport System 
providing that its management be assigned for a 35-year period (i.e., from 1 July 1974 to 30 June 
2009) to a company whose majority ownership was to be held, directly or indirectly, by the Istituto 
per la Ricostruzione Industriale (“IRI”). On 12 February 1974, IRI incorporated “Aeroporti di Roma” 
- Società per la gestione del sistema aeroportuale della Capitale S.p.A. (the “Former ADR”). 
The Original Concession 
On 26 June 1974, the Former ADR and the Ministero delle infrastrutture e dei trasporti entered into 
the Convenzione per la gestione unitaria del sistema aeroportuale della Capitale costituito 
dall’aeroporto intercontinentale “Leonardo da Vinci” di Roma - Fiumicino e dall’aeroporto di 
Ciampino (the “Original Concession”). The Original Concession entered into full force and effect on 
1 July 1974 and set out the terms and conditions for the management and operation of the Rome 
 
2 Net of Scope 3 emissions of the "Cruise" category 
3 Data relating only to Fiumicino airport.

--- Page 55 ---
38
 
 
Airport System. The initial term of the Concession was subsequently extended until 30 June 2044 by 
Article 14, paragraph 3, of Italian law decree No. 333 of 11 July 1992, amended and converted into 
Italian law No. 359 of 8 August 1992, as interpreted by Article 10, paragraph 1, of Italian law No. 57 
of 5 March 2001.  
The privatisation of Aeroporti di Roma 
On 25 February 1999, a decree issued by the Italian prime minister set out the procedure for the 
privatisation of the Former ADR, pursuant to which the shareholding held by the Italian government 
through IRI and its subsidiaries (equal to 54.2% of Former ADR’s share capital) was disposed of as 
follows: 
(i) 
a portion equal to 3% of the Former ADR’s share capital was sold to the Lazio Region, the 
Province and the Municipality of Rome and the Municipality of Fiumicino; and 
(ii) 
the remaining 51.2% of the Former ADR’s share capital indirectly held by the Italian 
government was sold to Italpetroli S.p.A., Falck S.p.A., Gemina S.p.A. and Impregilo S.p.A. 
(collectively, the “Private Shareholders”), as described below. 
On 23 June 2000, the Private Shareholders acquired the right to buy from IRI 51.2% of the ordinary 
shares of the Former ADR (the “IRI Shares”). On 17 July 2000, the Private Shareholders designated 
Leonardo S.p.A. (“Leonardo”) as the purchaser of the IRI Shares. The share capital of Leonardo was 
entirely owned by Leonardo Holding S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg whose share capital was divided as follows: 16% was held by Compagnia 
Italpetroli S.p.A., 31% by Falck S.p.A., 42% by Gemina S.p.A. and 11% by Impregilo S.p.A. 
In the last quarter of 2000, Leonardo launched a mandatory tender offer for the outstanding shares of 
Former ADR. As a result of these transactions, in 2001, Leonardo held 95.9% of the Former ADR’s 
share capital and the shares of the Former ADR were delisted. 
On 13 March 2001, the board of directors of each of Leonardo and the Former ADR approved the 
proposed merger (by incorporation of the Former ADR into Leonardo), and Leonardo was renamed 
Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. (the current ADR). 
The Regulatory Framework and the tariff system 
In December 2012, ADR entered into, and the Rome Airport System became governed by, the 
Concession, which replaces and supersedes the Original Concession. 
The Concession provides that ADR: (i) is entitled to an increase in passenger tariffs, applied from 9 
March 2013, with annual increases implemented from 2014 onwards, and (ii) is required to implement 
an investment plan (originally providing for investments of approximately Euro 3 billion by 2021 and 
Euro 12 billion by 20444) in order to develop the Airports’ infrastructure and increase the capacity and 
quality of the Rome Airport System.. 
Article 202 of Italian law decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, amended and converted into Italian law No. 
77 of 17 July 2020, in view of the drop in traffic at Italian airports consequently to the 
epidemiological emergency caused by COVID-19 and the measures adopted by the Italian 
Government and the regions to contain the contagion, in order to curb the consequent economic 
effects, extended the duration of the Concession until 30 June 2046. 
The process for the revision of the airport tariff model, which has been underway since 2014, ended 
with the approval by ART on 9 March 2023 of Resolution No. 38/2023. On 10 November 2023, ADR 
and ENAC entered into an ad hoc additional deed aimed at implementing such tariff model into the 
Concession. After the completion of the procedure set forth under Resolution No. 38/2023, the new 
 
(4) Source: Schedule 2 of the Economic Regulation Agreement.

--- Page 56 ---
39
 
 
tariff model became applicable to ADR.  
For a detailed description of the Regulatory Framework which, in addition to the provisions governing 
the management of the Rome Airport System and the economic regulation and the new tariff system, 
provides for (a) detailed rules on the rights and obligations of ADR, (b) the investment plan and (c) 
the formula for tariffs and tariff adjustments, see “Regulatory Framework”, below 
ADR is part of the Mundys group 
As of 1 December 2013, the date on which the merger by way of incorporation of Gemina S.p.A. (the 
previous majority shareholder of the Issuer) into Atlantia S.p.A. (now Mundys S.p.A.) (“Mundys”) 
became effective, Mundys became the controlling shareholder of ADR.  
50 years of Aeroporti di Roma 
The year 2024 marked the 50th anniversary of Aeroporti di Roma.  
MISSION AND VALUES 
Purpose 
ADR’s purpose is connecting human communities to a better life. 
Mission 
ADR’s goal is to guide the development of the airport of the future "on the basis of a new inclusive 
model". The Group is passionately focused on Sustainable Development, Quality and Innovation, 
constantly striving to achieve international excellence to offer added value to its passengers, partners 
and communities.  
The Group strategy follows this path, guided by the following fundamental values: 
• 
way of being: acting with integrity and transparency, encouraging understanding and 
cooperation, creating trust and cultivating relationships based on an ethical and honest approach; 
• 
approach: constantly inspired and stimulated by the passion for what the Group does, always 
looking ahead, committed with enthusiasm and pride; 
• 
present and our future: all people matter - team, community, passengers. The Group cares about 
their uniqueness and encourage inclusiveness, listening and dialogue; 
• 
challenges: the Group has the courage to dare, learning from mistakes, as individuals and with its 
people, driven by audacity and curiosity. It innovates to create excellence, guided by the 
aspiration to be architects of the future. 
Vision 
To be Italy's main gateway to the world, cutting-edge and captivating, creating sustainable and shared 
value for its stakeholders.  
The new logo 
 
Planning 
 
• 
New logo with a dual purpose: continuity and recognisability with the 
current one, making it evolve into a more contemporary version; 
• 
designed to reach a wider audience, also targeting consumers: strong 
focus on younger generations, as well as business partners and 
institutions. 
Use of colour 
and form 
• 
The logo pushes ADR towards a constantly growing future, symbolising 
the constant commitment to excellence and innovation; 
• 
the new shade of blue was chosen to support this change and plays a 
crucial role in obtaining a more direct and innovative communication

--- Page 57 ---
40
 
 
approach, making it more appealing for diversified audiences. 
Acronym 
and 
linguistic choice 
• 
Greater emphasis on the acronym ADR , which assumes a visually more 
prominent role, while the extended version (i.e., Aeroporti di Roma) 
continues to pursues a descriptive function to ensure clarity; 
• 
Italian is the language of the new logo, and the name of the city is 
present both in the acronym and in the descriptor: the goal is to respect 
the roots of the company and show pride in the role of ADR as the main 
gateway to access Italy. 
 
The new pay-off 
In 2024 ADR presented the new pay-off: 
The proposal stems from the current claim "Beyond flying", further enriched by the concept of 
"together": the aim is to use an emphatic and inclusive tone of voice to emphasise ADR's vision 
focused on people. Together with people, employees, passengers and all citizens, "ADR is constantly 
progressing, far beyond the boundaries of its sector". 
STRATEGY AND BUSINESS MODEL 
Overview 
In the coming years, the airport segment is expected to be at the centre of a profound transformation 
as a consequence of the impacts of major global and segment-specific megatrends. The table below 
shows ADR’s strategic vision as a result of the analysis of segment megatrends. 
Sustainability is rooted in the Group's fundamental values that guide decisions, policies and actions. 
The Group is committed to integrating sustainability into every aspect of its operations and 
Global megatrends 
Industry megatrends 
Pillar of the ADR Strategy 
Technological progress 
• 
Digitalisation of processes and passenger 
services 
• 
Use of big data and AI (Artificial Intelligence) 
• 
New forms of mobility (i.e. Advanced Air 
Mobility) 
• 
A new smart and sustainable 
airport model 
• 
Customer centricity and 
operational excellence 
Increase in energy 
requirements 
• 
New electric mobility and sustainable fuel 
(SAF) solutions 
• 
Procurement from renewable energy sources 
• 
Sustainable transformation of the supply chain 
• 
Finance and sustainable investments 
• 
A new smart and sustainable 
airport model 
Climate Change 
Demographic changes 
• 
Increase in air traffic 
• 
Urbanisation acceleration 
• 
Fully capture Rome's 
Connectivity Potential 
• 
Customer centricity and 
operational excellence
Multipolarism 
• 
Physical and digital security 
• 
Restrictions on travel on a global scale and 
repercussions on air connectivity 
• 
Increased complexity of flight programme 
management
• 
Fully capture Rome's 
Connectivity Potential 
• 
Customer centricity and 
operational excellence

--- Page 58 ---
41
 
 
minimising the impact of activities along the entire value chain, while promoting a culture of 
responsibility and innovation. 
2024-2028 Strategic Roadmap 
The Rome Airport System’s desire to take care of the passenger community, the territory and the 
environment in a logic of continuous interaction with stakeholders, gives rise to the founding elements 
of the ADR Group's strategy, in which the ESG component is of primary importance, in harmony with 
the attention to quality and the development of programmes and plans agreed with the grantor 
administration (ENAC). 
On this basis, the 2024-2028 Strategic Roadmap was created, which envisages three main routes:  
 
1 
2 
3 
ROUTE 
Fully capture Rome's Connectivity 
Potential 
Customer centricity and 
operational excellence 
A new smart and sustainable 
airport model 
TAKE-
OFF 
Traffic Development 
Commercial: 
 
Retail 
 
Real Estate 
 
Advertising 
 
Parking 
Innovation 
Investments 
Operational Excellence 
Sustainability 
 
Fully capture Rome’s connectivity potential 
ADR has identified supporting traffic growth as an objective to be pursued through the development 
of the market segments of greatest value for strategic positioning.  
With regard to the Aviation Business Unit, this objective envisages both short-medium and long-haul 
growth, identifying destinations with few connections to markets with most growth potential and 
expanding connections by introducing new destinations not served by the Rome Airport System.  
An enabler will be the growth of connectivity understood as the opening of new routes, the 
strengthening of Fiumicino as a gateway for long-haul flows but also by improving and expanding the 
railway infrastructure to/from the airport in order to intercept the needs of passengers located outside 
of Rome. 
Further attention will be paid to the cargo sector by developing dedicated freight infrastructures, 
focusing on segments of importance to Fiumicino such as pharma, the cold chain and large-scale 
distribution and, finally, becoming a cargo gateway for Central and Southern Italy by offering air-
truck intermodal services on Italian import and export flows and on the domestic parcel market.  
ADR has also envisaged a medium/long-term investment plan to respond to the expected growth in 
passenger and goods traffic in the coming years.  
As part of the long-term development of the airport infrastructure, a plan is envisaged to meet the 
country's need to ensure that Fiumicino can accommodate approximately 100 million passengers at 
the end of the Concession to guarantee the country's adequate competitive positioning at an 
international level. The project is currently being evaluated by the competent institutions.

--- Page 59 ---
42
 
 
Customer centricity and operational excellence 
Excellence in customer services remains crucial to ADR's actions, also certified by numerous 
international awards. It involves careful planning of resources and infrastructure, both in their 
development and in their management and maintenance, as well as the pursuit of excellence and 
continuous improvement in both processes and procedures, and in technology, with the aim of 
offering the end customer a public service at the highest possible levels. 
ADR also carries out international coordination work with institutions, associations, industrial 
partners and other airports worldwide to ensure its processes are up-to-date, to guide trends, be part of 
the regulatory process and be a reference point at industrial level as a hub of excellence also to 
represent the country and the territory for which the Airports are the entry or exit gates (Europe, Italy, 
Lazio and Rome).  
In the Retail area, particular attention is paid to enriching and expanding the commercial areas for 
both Schengen passengers, with new openings of retail shops and Food & Beverage, and Non-
Schengen passengers, with a special focus on luxury, all through the development of a digital 
ecosystem to improve the passenger experience.  
The level of excellence also benefits the advertising business, which is able to attract the campaigns of 
the most important national and international brands, also thanks to the development of the Fiumicino 
digital asset pool, now recognised as a premium system in the out-of-home (OOH) area. 
The contribution of Real Estate with different asset management methods is significant in order to 
increase quality and functionality, maximise occupancy through total / partial restructuring actions 
and develop new initiatives with different implementation / management models. 
Consistently with the focus on connectivity, ADR takes into account the development of the various 
modes of transport with reference to new generations of passengers, more established ones as well as 
new mobility needs (e.g. Mobility as a service - MaaS 2.0) and increasing digitalisation.  
The development of the Mobility business will involve the creation of ad hoc offers for both private 
and corporate customers, for example through the possibility of recharging battery electric vehicles 
(BEVs) and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs) directly during the stop at the airport together 
with constant revenue management activities. In addition, for “Rent a Car” the objective is to increase 
the number of sub-concessionaires together with the creation of a preparation area for the “Rent a 
Car” fleet to reduce operator management costs.  
A new smart and sustainable airport model 
ADR has become a reference point of excellence in the segment and innovation is one of the levers to 
support the various company areas in the creation of “the airport of the future”. ADR's approach to 
this issue is based on the following actions: 
• 
identification of new ideas and solutions to improve operations in various operational areas with 
the Call4Ideas project;  
• 
use of the first Italian start-up accelerator dedicated to the aviation segment, Innovation Hub, 
which offers the start-ups selected in the Call4Ideas an incubation programme along their 
development path; 
• 
continuation of activities aimed at developing a network dedicated to innovation and 
sustainability together with other airport operators and Airport for innovation; 
• 
operation of a corporate venture capital, ADR Ventures S.r.l., established at the beginning of 
2023, specialised in the Aviation segment with the objective of investing in Italian and 
international early stage start-ups in the aviation, travel & sustainability segments, which are

--- Page 60 ---
43
 
 
functional and instrumental to the continuous improvement of the performance and quality of 
services offered by ADR to passengers and carriers directly or indirectly.  
Sustainability is and will be central, in line with the commitment made to pursue and achieve the 
Sustainable Development Goals of the 2030 Agenda.  
In the area of asset management, ADR plans that new buildings and eligible assets in the portfolio 
will be LEED and BREEAM certified, and a strong focus will be placed on key environmental 
performance indicators (e.g. energy consumption; water; waste). For the Mobility unit, a strong focus 
will be on electric mobility, with the installation, management and maintenance of charging stations 
in addition to the renewal of the shuttle fleet with electric vehicles. 
THE ADR GROUP 
The ADR Group – Structure diagram 
The following diagram sets forth the structure of the Group as at 31 December 2024.  
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the shareholding of ADR in UrbanV S.p.A has been increased 
to 81.3% as a result of the capital increase completed on 9 April 2025. 
ADR’s main subsidiaries 
The paragraphs below provide a brief description of ADR’s main subsidiaries, all of which are subject 
to direction and coordination by ADR pursuant to Article 2497 of the Italian Civil Code and are 
included in ADR’s consolidation scope.  
ADR Assistance S.r.l. 
ADR Assistance S.r.l. (“ADR Assistance”) is a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitata) incorporated under Italian law and wholly-owned by ADR. Since July 2008, ADR 
Assistance has provided ground handling assistance to reduced mobility passengers departing from, in 
transit to or arriving at the Airports, in compliance with Regulation No. 1107/2006/EC and on the

--- Page 61 ---
44
 
 
basis of a service contract entered into with ADR in July 2008. 
ADR Tel S.p.A. 
ADR Tel S.p.A. (“ADR Tel”) is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under Italian 
law, 99% owned by ADR (the remaining 1% is owned by ADR through ADR Ingegneria). Up to 30 
March 2014, ADR Tel provided telecommunication services and managed the telecommunication 
systems in the Airports. From 1 April 2014, the date on which the Information Technology (“IT”) 
branch of the business (mainly comprising staff and contracts) was spun off by ADR into ADR Tel, 
ADR Tel has been entrusted with the direct management of all the IT activities in the Airport 
previously carried out by ADR. 
ADR Security S.r.l. 
ADR Security S.r.l. (“ADR Security”) is a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitata) incorporated under Italian law and wholly owned by ADR. ADR Security was incorporated 
in May 2012 by ADR contributing in kind its branch of business (conferimento di ramo d’azienda 
pursuant to Italian law) assets and services for personnel security checks and surveillance on assets at 
Fiumicino and Ciampino (the “Security Business”). ADR Security operates the Security Business 
pursuant to an exclusive management and services agreement (appalto di servizi) with ADR.  
ADR Mobility S.r.l. 
ADR Mobility S.r.l. (“ADR Mobility”) is a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitata) incorporated under Italian law and wholly-owned by ADR. ADR Mobility was incorporated 
in May 2012 by ADR, contributing in kind its branch of business (conferimento di ramo d’azienda 
pursuant to Italian law) assets and personnel at Fiumicino and Ciampino Airports to operate multi-
level and long-stay car parks (the “Car Park Business”), together with any rights and liabilities 
related thereto. ADR Mobility operates the Car Park Business pursuant to, inter alia, a 14-year sub-
concession agreement entered into with ADR.  
Airport Cleaning S.r.l. 
Airport Cleaning S.r.l. (“Airport Cleaning”) is a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitata) incorporated under Italian law and wholly-owned by ADR. Airport Cleaning was 
incorporated in February 2014 by ADR and became operational in May 2014. Until 28 February 
2015, Airport Cleaning operated the Cleaning Services at Ciampino Airport and at Terminal 1, 
Terminal 2 and other buildings of Fiumicino Airport and since 1 March 2015, Airport Cleaning has 
been responsible for the Cleaning Services also in the west area of Fiumicino Airport.  
ADR Ingegneria S.p.A.  
ADR Ingegneria S.p.A. (“ADR Ingegneria”), previously ADR Sviluppo S.r.l., is a joint stock 
company (società per azioni) incorporated under Italian law and wholly owned by ADR. ADR 
Ingegneria became operative in March 2021, after the entering into of the lease agreement relating to 
the business unit of SPEA Engineering specialized in airport engineering and works supervision 
became effective. In 2024, with effect from 1 July 2024, the business unit of SPEA Engineering 
specialized in airport engineering and works supervision was purchased by ADR Ingegneria and the 
abovementioned lease agreement was therefore terminated. 
ADR Infrastrutture S.p.A. 
ADR Infrastrutture S.p.A. (“ADR Infrastrutture”) is a joint stock company (società per azioni) 
incorporated under Italian law and wholly owned by ADR. On 21 January 2021 ADR acquired the 
100% of the corporate capital of ADR Infrastrutture from Pavimental which, with effect from 1 
January 2021, transferred to ADR Infrastrutture the business unit specialized in the construction and 
maintenance of airport infrastructure and runways.

--- Page 62 ---
45
 
 
Leonardo Energia S.r.l. 
Leonardo Energia S.r.l. (“Leonardo Energia”) is a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) incorporated under Italian law, 100% owned by ADR. Leonardo Energia 
manages production plant assets (i.e., boilers, cogeneration plant and photovoltaic energy plants). 
ADR Ventures S.r.l. 
ADR Ventures S.r.l. is a limited liability company incorporated under Italian law on 3 February 2023, 
100% owned by ADR which subscribed the entire quota capital (equal to Euro 10,000). The purpose 
of the company is corporate venture capital activities aimed at financing innovative travel solutions. 
ADR’s other equity interests  
As of 31 December 2024, ADR held the following minority equity interests with a total carrying 
amount of Euro 13,961,000 (Euro 13,671,000 as at 31 December 2023).  
 
A 66.67% equity interest in UrbanV S.p.A. (“UrbanV”), a joint venture established as a joint 
stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under Italian law, by ADR, SAVE S.p.A., 
Aéroports de la Côte d’Azur S.A. (“ACA”) and Aeroporto Guglielmo Marconi di Bologna 
S.p.A. UrbanV is active in the advanced air mobility sector and in particular in the construction 
and management of the infrastructures used by operators for landing and take-off operations 
(the so-called Vertiport). The value of the investment in UrbanV was equal to Euro 775,000 as 
at 31 December 2024. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the shareholding of ADR in 
UrbanV S.p.A has been increased to 81.3% as a result of the capital increase completed on 9 
April 2025.  
 
A 7.77% equity interest in Azzurra Aeroporti S.p.A., which holds 64% of the corporate capital 
of ACA, which, in turn, owns the airports of Nice, Cannes-Mandelieu and Saint Tropez. The 
value of the investment in Azzurra Aeroporti was equal to Euro 12,543,000 as at 31 December 
2024 (equal to the value as at 31 December 2023).  
 
A 5.37% equity interest in S.A.CAL. - Società Aeroportuale Calabrese S.p.A., the company 
managing Lamezia Terme airport which, with Italian Civil Aviation Authority directive of 3 
March 2017, was awarded the thirty-year concession to manage the airports of Reggio Calabria 
and Crotone. 
 
A 1% equity interest in SPEA Engineering, after the sale by ADR on 26 June 2024 of the 19% 
shareholding in SPEA Engineering S.p.A. to Mundys at a price in line with the carrying amount 
at the end of the 2023 financial year. 
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND REVENUE GENERATION  
Revenues of the Group 
The Group operates in the aviation and non-aviation business segments at the Airports, and generates 
both aviation (which includes regulated activities directly connected with the allocation and 
management of the Airports, security services and cleaning, etc.) and non aviation revenues (which 
includes businesses such as sub-concessions, utilities, car parks, advertising, real estate, and other 
dealings with third-parties). Other activities such as handling, fueling, air traffic control, including 
taxing/landing and take-off etc. are provided and managed at the Airports by third parties.  
(THOUSANDS OF EUROS) 
2024 
2023 
CHANGE 
% 
CHANGE 
Revenue from airport management of which: 
1,066,097 
878,454 
187,643 
21.4% 
Aviation 
735,020 
609,040 
125,980 
20.7% 
Non-aviation 
331,077 
269,414 
61,663 
22.9% 
Revenue from construction services 
227,427 
240,534 
(13,107) 
(5.4%)

--- Page 63 ---
46
 
 
Other operating income 
15,010 
10,953 
4,057 
37.0% 
TOTAL REVENUE 
1,308,534 
1,129,941 
178,593 
15.8% 
 
The business model 
The organisational and business model of the ADR Group is structured in three business as follows. 
 
Aviation Business Unit 
Overview 
The Aviation Business Unit coordinates the aviation unit which manages the core business of ADR, 
as well as the development of aeronautical activities through the Aviation Business Development 
department.  
The Aviation Business Unit's main task is to assist passengers, handlers and airlines engaged in 
aeronautical activities for airport requirements, guaranteeing the safety, quality and punctuality of 
flights, through the use of the best available technologies, and coordinating activities related to the 
handling and parking of aircraft in terms of safety, regularity of service, quality and environmental 
protection.  
Therefore, the BU covers the aspects envisaged by the aeronautical regulations in the field of EASA 
(European Aviation Safety Agency), most of the services to passengers critical for the quality of the 
experience through its subsidiaries (security, cleaning of the infrastructure, assistance to reduced 
mobility passengers (PRM)) or the operational offices that deal with infrastructure management 
activities, their allocation, monitoring of safety processes and operations, security, fire prevention, 
first aid and terminal management activities, as well as other airside and land side areas of the airport 
grounds. 
The maintenance activities of civil and technological infrastructure are important, ranging from 
hundreds of different systems in terms of technology, from the management of hot and cold fluids, to 
power supply and distribution, from floors and buildings, to baggage handling systems or systems for 
the movement of people such as escalators, conveyor belts, lifts and loading bridges, complex systems 
for monitoring passenger safety on the grounds and airspace (anti-drone systems), energy 
management and energy savings with a particular focus on renewable energies and the electrification 
of transport, the management of greenery or water quality or waste management. 
Furthermore, the activities for the coordination of private entities and collaboration with public 
entities are important to create consolidated, certified and high-performance processes for the 
management of the airport business continuity at the highest levels. 
2024 performance 
In 2024, the Rome Airport System recorded a total of 53.1 million passengers, reaching an all-time 
high. The considerable growth in volumes materialised, since the start of the year, thanks to the strong

--- Page 64 ---
47
 
 
recovery in European short and medium-haul flows and the growth in traffic from and to North 
America compared to 2023 and 2019 volumes. At system level, traffic increased by +19% compared 
to 2023 and +7% compared to 2019, Rome Fiumicino even by +21% compared to 2023 and +13 
compared to 2019.  
Compared to 2023, the growth was mainly driven by the increase in EU (+17%) and non-EU5 (+22%) 
traffic flows. For the domestic area, the growth rate is around +19%, a lower value than the other two 
areas as it is more impacted by the network choices of the Hub carrier, not having yet recovered the 
volumes of 2019, -4.7%.  
During 2024, the Aviation development of Fiumicino saw the activation of about 32 new routes, of 
which 13 to new destinations not previously operated and the operations of 6 new companies. 
The table below shoes the main traffic data of the Rome Airport System in 2024 as compared to 2023 
and 2019. 
 
UoM 
2024 
2023 
2019 
Δ% 
Δ% 
(2024-2023) 
(2024-2019) 
Movements 
No. 
358,026 
309,233 
362,036 
+16% 
-1% 
Fiumicino 
No. 
315,597 
266,489 
309,783 
+18% 
+2% 
Ciampino 
No. 
42,429 
42,744 
52,253 
-1% 
-19% 
Passengers 
No. 
53,065,540 
44,429,929 
49,412,069 
+19% 
+7% 
Fiumicino 
No. 
49,203,734 
40,545,240 
43,532,573 
+21% 
+13% 
Ciampino 
No. 
3,861,806 
3,884,689 
5,879,496 
-1% 
-34% 
of which: boarded 
No. 
26,308,794 
22,139,740 
24,615,046 
+19% 
+7% 
Fiumicino 
No. 
24,372,793 
20,193,035 
21,664,400 
+21% 
+13% 
Ciampino 
No. 
1,936,001 
1,946,705 
2,950,646 
-1% 
-34% 
Goods 
tons 
280,393 
197,913 
204,900 
+42% 
+37% 
Fiumicino 
tons 
265,857 
184,019 
186,492 
+44% 
+43% 
Ciampino 
tons 
14,536 
13,894 
18,408 
+5% 
-21% 
 
 
 
 
5 It should be noted that since January 2021, the United Kingdom has also been included in the Non-EU scope.

--- Page 65 ---
48
 
 
The air traffic composition in 2024 for the Rome Airport System is as follows. 
 
The table below shows the monthly trend in passenger traffic in the Rome Airport System and change 
compared to 2023 performance. 
 
Passenger traffic in the Rome Airport System is distributed by geographical segment as represented in 
the table below. 
Operating year
2024
Line label 
Total Passengers 
Europe EU
28,010,486
Italy
10,767,165
North America
4,499,499
Middle East
2,481,394
Europe Non-EU
2,155,613
Africa
2,017,426
Far East
1,846,039
C/S America
1,287,918
Grand total 
53,065,540 
20%
47%
33%
Domestico
UE
Extra UE
10,8
24,9
17,4
53,1
19%
17%
22%
19%
0,0
10,0
20,0
30,0
40,0
50,0
60,0
Domestic
EU
Non-EU
Total
% Change 2024 vs. 2023
(million of passengers)

--- Page 66 ---
49
 
 
Fiumicino Airport 
Fiumicino Airport saw 49.2 million passengers transit during 2024, with an increase compared to 
2023 equal to +21% for passengers and +18% for movements. The growth compared to 2019 was 
+13% and +2%, respectively. The record is supported by the results obtained by Leonardo da Vinci 
during the summer season: in fact, when analysing the figures of the major European airports during 
the peak months of the summer aviation season, Rome – Fiumicino’s performance was the highest, 
with a 20% increase in traffic compared to the same period in 2023. Furthermore, in July and August, 
Fiumicino recorded more than 5 million monthly passengers, a threshold never reached before, and an 
historic peak in daily traffic on Monday August 19, with more than 180 thousand passengers passing 
through the Fiumicino Airport on the same day. In December the "Leonardo da Vinci" Fiumicino 
Airport exceeded 3.5 million passengers, a rise of 12% compared to the traffic values of December 
2023 and 19% compared to the values of the same period of 2019. 
Looking at the network, during 2024 Rome Fiumicino’s global air connectivity increased strongly, 
with long-haul traffic growing by 18% compared to 2023 and 25% compared to pre-pandemic levels, 
allowing Fiumicino to rank in the Top10 best-connected airports in the world, compiled by CNN 
Travel, with over 230 non-stop destinations. 
In line with 2023, long haul performance in 2024 was again led by North America, with steady 
growth in volumes compared to 2023 (+20%) and 2019 (+34%), connected to Rome through 16 
destinations, including New York, which in July had up to 12 daily departures (JFK+EWR), putting 
Fiumicino in third place in Europe for frequency of flights to the "Big Apple", right after London 
Heathrow and Paris Charles De Gaulle.  
The EU market was the best performer with 22.7 million passengers, an increase of +21% and a 
market share of 46% on the airport. The non-EU market, with 16 million passengers, also achieved 
excellent performances with growth of +23% driven by the increase in flows on the North American 
market (+20% compared to 2023 and +34% compared to 2019). Good results were recorded also in 
the domestic area, where traffic exceeds 10.5 million passengers, with an increase of +20% compared 
to 2023. 
The table below shows the air traffic composition in 2024 for Fiumicino Airport. 
 
Ciampino Airport 
Ciampino airport handled approximately 3.9 million passengers in 2024, with volumes transported 
slightly down by -0.6% compared to 2023. The decrease in traffic compared to 2019 is equal to -34% 
and is linked to the entry into force of the Decree for the reduction of noise in the airport area, which 
21%
46%
33%
Domestico
UE
Extra UE
10,5
22,7
16,0
49,2
+20%
+21%
+23%
+21%
0,0
10,0
20,0
30,0
40,0
50,0
60,0
Domestic
EU
Non-EU
Total
% Change 2024 vs. 2023
(million of passengers)

--- Page 67 ---
50
 
 
imposed a reduction of commercial movements from 100 to 65 flights a day. Europe-EU, with almost 
2.2 million passengers, is the main market for the Ciampino Airport, accounting for 57% of total 
volumes and records a fall of -10%. Non-EU traffic, on the other hand, was up with 1.4 million 
passengers, +17% compared to 2023. 
The table below shows the air traffic composition in 2024 for Ciampino Airport. 
 
Commercial Business Unit 
Overview 
The Commercial Business Unit manage multiple activities including a series of services for passengers 
and the airport community, as well as the commercial management and development of some real 
estate asset classes, in the Fiumicino Airport and the Ciampino Airport grounds, managed with 
different business models.  
• 
Retail – retail and food & beverage activities are managed through sub-concession contracts to 
specialised third parties operators and include shops, bars, restaurants and other services offered to 
passengers such as currency exchange, luggage wrapping machines, automatic vending machines, 
etc. These activities are divided into core categories, specialist retail, food & beverage and 
commercial services; 
• 
Real Estate – real estate activities envisage the sub-concession to third parties of properties (free-
standing or individual portions) and areas intended for both aeronautical activities related to the 
work of airlines, handlers and state bodies (e.g. aeronautical and vehicle maintenance, airport, 
goods management, etc.) and commercial functions (e.g. hotels, offices, lounges, etc.). The real 
estate function also defines initiatives to develop and enhance the assets under management to 
meet the needs in line with the trends of the sector. These initiatives are conceived through the 
principle of regeneration and limitation of land use; 
• 
Mobility – activities relating to the "Mobility" sector are managed almost entirely directly, through 
ADR Mobility S.r.l., which as charging point operator (CPO) and mobility service provider 
(MSP) also handles the recharging of battery electric vehicles (BEVs) and plug-in hybrid electric 
vehicles (PHEVs) for passengers and airport operators. All passenger car parks, such as for 
example short-term, multi-storey, long-term and executive, and those dedicated to operators are 
managed directly. The parking activities of "rent-a-car", buses, scheduled public transport and 
taxis are managed by specialised third parties operators to whom specific paid parking spaces are 
dedicated; 
6%
57%
37%
Domestico
UE
Extra UE
0,2
2,2
1,4
3,9
+4%
-10%
+17%
-1%
0,0
0,5
1,0
1,5
2,0
2,5
3,0
3,5
4,0
4,5
Domestic
EU
Non-EU
Total
% Change 2024 vs. 2023
(million of passengers)

--- Page 68 ---
51
 
 
• 
Advertising – the advertising business relates to the management and sale of advertising spaces 
inside and outside the terminal system; ADR directly develops and manages the assets dedicated 
to advertising and makes use of a specialised third-party trader for the marketing of the various 
analogue and digital spaces; 
Furthermore, the Commercial Business Unit (through ADR Tel S.p.A.) also manages the resale of 
telephone and data connection services, mainly to the companies operating in the airport grounds. 
2024 performance 
Retail 
The Retail segment includes all the space sub-concessions aimed at retail sales in the Retail and Food 
& Beverage sectors. Currently, over 27,000 square meters are dedicated to these activities at the 
Fiumicino Airport, of which about 45% is dedicated to catering and the remaining 55% to retail. In 
terms of revenue, the Retail segment generated around 65% of the total, Food & Beverage around 
27%, while Commercial Services account for around 8%. 
During 2024, commercial activities showed positive performances both in terms of volumes and 
spending per passenger, thanks to the growth of passenger traffic, the new openings and the greater 
propensity to purchase by passengers, particularly in the luxury segment in the Non-Schengen Area. 
With regard to the new openings, the positive impact on the annual performance of the inaugurations 
in 2023 in the Terminal 1 Front Building and Est Square areas should be noted. In addition to these, 
other activities were added mainly in the Retail sector, again in the East area. With regard to Food & 
Beverage, the new openings include the activities located at the boarding areas, to both the east and 
west side of the airport, which have contributed positively to improving this segment's performance. 
The table below show the main indicators of commercial activities for the Fiumicino Airport. 
 
UoM 
2024 
2023 
2019 
Δ% 
(2024 vs 2023)
Average Retail 
Spending
€/departing 
passenger
22.3 
20.2 
16.5 
+10% 
Average Food & 
Beverage Spending
€/departing 
passenger
7.04 
6.8 
5.4 
+5% 
 
The table below show the main indicators of commercial activities for the Ciampino Airport. 
 
UoM 
2024 
2023 
Δ% 
(2024 vs 2023)
Average Retail Spending 
€/departing 
passenger
7.2 
6.2 
+15% 
Average Food & Beverage 
Spending
€/departing 
passenger
5.3 
4.9 
+7% 
 
Average spending per passenger recorded a significant improvement at Fiumicino airport compared to 
the previous year. 
With regard to the Retail segment, where growth of +10% was recorded, there was a positive impact 
in the East area, generated by the new openings of T1 East Square and Front Building, which took 
place both in the second half year of 2024 and in the last few months of 2023, with full year effect on 
2024. Positive increases were also recorded in the Western area due to the broader project for the 
renewal of the Non-Schengen commercial area, which aims to improve the positioning of the offer in 
the "Luxury" segment. The new brands introduced include: Saint Laurent, Cartier, Golden Goose, 
Pomellato, Boggi Piquadro and Lancel. Several stores have been renovated, including Moncler, 
Salvatore Ferragamo, Max Mara, Dolce and Gabbana and Tod's.

--- Page 69 ---
52
 
 
With regard to the activities of the Food & Beverage segment, where growth of +4% was recorded, 
worth noting are the opening of Costa Caffè (boarding area E11-E44), the opening of the Eataly 
"Terrace" (East Area) and the renovation of the Venchi store (in the T3 Front Building area), as well 
as the opening of several temporary stores at boarding areas A. In December 2024, the new Food & 
Beverage area of approximately 800 square meters was inaugurated at the root of the boarding area 
A1-A10. 
At Ciampino airport, the Retail segment benefited from the opening of the new Relay activities as 
well as from the improvement of the Food & Beverage commercial offer, generating an increase in 
spending per passenger of +7%. 
Advertising 
In 2024, advertising generated Euro 13.7 million in revenue, up sharply compared to 2023 (+39%). 
The positive impact of revenue generated by the advertising business is mainly due to the 
development of innovative projects, including in particular the internal and external branding of the 
passenger boarding bridges at Fiumicino Airport. The commercial proposal was also revised with the 
aim of improving the positioning of the assets on the advertising market, also through the further 
development of digital systems and solutions, aimed at increasing passenger engagement by 
maximising the space profitability. In addition, commercial activities were strengthened, both in Italy 
and abroad, with the aim of increasing the customer base, also at international level, with particular 
reference to the finance and fashion categories, supported by a renewed capacity for the creation of ad 
hoc projects and products in line with the needs of individual customers. 
Real Estate 
The Commercial Business Unit also manages the contracts (and revenue) from the real estate sub-
concessions of spaces and buildings at Fiumicino Airport and Ciampino Airport, essentially consisting 
of: management offices, hangars, technical buildings and workshops, training centres, warehouses and 
parking lots. 
Sub-concessions are both from free-standing buildings or, more frequently, portions of them, and 
from land on which the sub-concessionaire develops its buildings in accordance with its needs.  
The aeronautical training subsystem of Fiumicino was enhanced with the inauguration of a training 
centre. The vehicle maintenance system was partially reorganised and more than 89% of the related 
asset classes generated income. The activities for the construction of new landside and airside offices, 
new hangars at Ciampino Airport and the renovation of existing buildings for warehouse use, 
launched in 2023, continued regularly in 2024 and will have full effect in 2026. In order to increase 
additional services for passengers, the creation of a daily and short-medium-term accommodation 
facility for pets is being finalised.  
The table below shows the main revenue from the Group’s real estate activities.  
 
 
UoM 
2024 
2023 
Δ% 
(2024 vs 2023)
Office fees6 
€/000 
2,562 
2,173 
18% 
Cargo and logistics fees 
€/000 
5,552 
5,646 
-2% 
Maintenance hub fees 
€/000 
9,891 
9,424 
5% 
Other fees 
€/000 
20,157 
18,041 
12% 
Total fees 
€/000 
38,162 
35,284 
8% 
 
 
6 The office category includes offices 1 and 2 of the Tower and FCO terminal

--- Page 70 ---
53
 
 
Mobility 
The purpose of the Mobility business is the management of parking and car parks in the Airports area 
in its components of parking for passengers, airport operators, vehicle rental and operators of the 
scheduled public transport operators (TPL - buses) and non-scheduled ones (TPNL - taxis and car 
hires with driver) and the related accessory services such as electric recharging. 
The number of equivalent parking spaces with tariffs is 20.420. 
During 2024, thanks to the operational and commercial actions implemented, including the full 
implementation of the revenue management system for both reserved and occasional stops car park, 
transactions increased by +7.2% and revenue by +24.8% compared to 2023.  
During 2024, the digitalisation of the parking service continued by improving the Easy Parking app 
with the insertion of the electric charging session and the booking website while paying special 
attention to system modernisation in order to improve the customer experience. 
The table below shows the main data relating to ADR business parking as at 31 December 2024.  
 
UoM 
2024 
2023 
2022 
Revenue Parking cash 
€/000 
29,042 
24,682 
18,067 
Total Tickets 
No. 
1,995,358 
1,860,835 
1,539,325 
Average ticket cost 
€ 
14.7 
13.3 
11.7 
Average parking duration 
h 
19.7 
17.2 
16.2 
 
Infrastructure Business Unit 
Overview 
The Infrastructure Business Unit coordinates ADR's infrastructural development activities and is 
responsible for supporting the growing demand for traffic, improving the operational efficiency of the 
Airports, and for the upgrading and restructuring of existing infrastructure, guaranteeing high safety 
and service standards as well as compatibility with the objectives of group sustainability and reducing 
environmental impact. 
ADR is entitled to use the State properties (areas, buildings and plants) comprising Fiumicino and 
Ciampino for the purpose of managing the Rome Airport System (for further information on the assets 
regime, see “Regulatory Framework”). The properties are characterised as follows.  
Fiumicino 
Ciampino 
Runways ..................................................................................................
3 
1 
Passenger Terminals................................................................................
2 
2 
General Aviation area (sqm) ...................................................................
- 
1,800 
Check-in desks.........................................................................................
389*** 
15 * 
Gates........................................................................................................
111*** 
14* 
Aircraft aprons.........................................................................................
138 
89 
Total car parking spaces ..........................................................................
18,883** 
1,751** 
 
*Commercial Aviation 
** Ref. 31.01.2025 
***At Terminal 3 and pier A1-10 renovation completion 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fiumicino Airport covers a total area of approximately 16 km2

--- Page 71 ---
54
 
 
near the small town of Fiumicino, located approximately 30 km from the centre of Rome. Fiumicino 
is located near the Tyrrhenian coast. 
Fiumicino Airport 
The terminals 
There are two terminals7 (T1 and T3) and two main boarding areas (A and E, each one divided into 
sub-areas). In particular, the boarding area A was unveiled on 18 May 2022 and is dedicated to the 
Schengen domestic boarding points, east of Terminal 1, which covers over 37,000 sqm, with 23 new 
gates, 13 of which are equipped with boarding bridges, and an exclusive 6,000 sqm shopping arcade.  
Terminal 3 is connected with a people mover to boarding areas E31-44, a detached satellite terminal. 
Fiumicino’s terminals are contained in a single complex, linked internally and covering a total surface 
area of 355,000 m2. The main terminal complex is organised around a central area served by a double 
level access road and is linked by walkways to the railway station connecting Fiumicino Airport to 
various parts of Rome, including the Termini railway station in the centre of Rome, and multi-storey 
car parks. 
Terminal 1 was opened to passengers in November 2000 and serves the majority of domestic flights. 
T1 is comprised of three levels: 
 
Ground floor, arrivals: five baggage claim belts, retail and food and beverage shops; 
 
First floor, departures: 136 check-in desks, retail, food and beverage shops, VIP lounges, 
security facilities;  
 
Mezzanine floor: departures, retail and food and beverage shops. 
Terminal 3 occupies a central area of Fiumicino Airport and was the original international flight 
terminal, further expanded in 1999. 
Terminal 3 is dedicated to processing domestic, Schengen and non-Schengen flights and comprises 
three levels, partially closed for renovation: 
 
Ground floor, arrivals: immigration processing, nine baggage reclaim belts, customs, offices, 
retail and food and beverage shops; 
 
First floor, departures: 242 check-in desks, of which 55 dedicated to flights to North America 
and Israel, security and immigration facilities, retail and food and beverage shops; 
 
Mezzanine floor: retail and food and beverage shops, ticket counters and staff offices. 
Boarding areas 
 
Boarding area A31-59 (pier; currently closed for renovation) has 22 boarding gates, 12 equipped 
with loading bridges and 10 bus gates at the ground level; 
 
Boarding area A61-83 (pier) has 23 boarding gates, 13 equipped with loading bridges and 10 bus 
gates at the ground level; 
 
Boarding area A21-27 has 7 bus gates (C8-C16) at the departure level; 
 
Boarding area A1-10 (pier) has 10 boarding gates;  
 
Boarding area E1-E8 has 8 bus gates, available at the ground floor of new T3 extension; 
 
(7) Terminal 5 is currently not in operation whilst Terminal 2 was demolished in 2018 due to the Terminal 1 extension 
works.

--- Page 72 ---
55
 
 
 
Boarding area E11-E24 (pier) equipped with 14 loading bridges for narrow body and wide body 
aircrafts; 
 
Boarding area E31-E44 (satellite) has 14 boarding gates, 11 of which equipped with loading 
bridges for wide body aircrafts and 3 bus gates; 
 
Boarding area E51-E61 (pier) has 11 boarding gates, of which two boarding gates equipped with 
loading bridges (9 bus gates at ground level). 
The people mover system was completed in November 1999 and consists of an automated passenger 
transport system with vehicles running on tracks which carry passengers between the West Satellite 
(boarding area E31-E44) and Terminal 3. The system runs on overhead tracks to avoid interfering 
with the movement of vehicles operating on the ramp. The system is 518 meter long and has a peak 
hour capacity of 6,000 passengers per hour per direction. 
Runways and airside 
Fiumicino Airport has three runways, certificated as “4F” according to ICAO and EASA 
requirements. Runways 16R/34L and 16L/34R are approximately 3.9 km long and are located 
approximately 4 km apart, parallel to the coast. Runway 07/25 is approximately 3.3 km long and is 
perpendicular to the other runways. All of Fiumicino’s runways, are well equipped with modern 
navigation aids and a precision Instrument Landing System (ILS) up to CAT. IIIb suitable for 
precision approaches. 
Fiumicino Airport operates with a total capacity of 139 aircraft stands, which are where aircraft are 
parked, loaded, unloaded, refuelled and boarded. All stands are located south of runway 07/25; 136 
stands are for passengers aircraft (74 are remote and 62 are contact stands) and 3 for cargo aircraft. 
The total passenger parking stands are divided in 31 for wide-body aircraft (up to 41 stands 
considering alternative configurations) and 105 for narrow-body aircraft. 
According to “4F” certification, Fiumicino Airport has infrastructure with suitable characteristics, 
systems and instrument for A380 operations. 
The aircraft taxiway system covers a total of approximately 31 km. 
Centralised infrastructure 
In 2000, ENAC identified the “Centralised Infrastructure” at Fiumicino as the infrastructure that, for 
reasons relating to costs, complexity or effect on the environment, cannot be subdivided or 
fragmented and granted their management to ADR. ADR is required to carry out the management of 
the Centralised Infrastructure on the basis of transparent, objective and non-discriminatory criteria 
that guarantee access to service providers and self-handling users. 
Access to Fiumicino 
Fiumicino Airport is served by the Rome-Fiumicino motorway, the Rome-Civitavecchia motorway 
and other primary regional routes. South access (Ostia/Fiumicino) is guaranteed through Via della 
Scafa.  
Fiumicino Airport is also currently served by a local regional train, the FL1 and a non-stop service, 
the Leonardo Express, both of which connect Fiumicino Airport with the centre of Rome. 
Since December 2014, without taking into account the year 2020, the airport has been served by high 
speed trains with the aim of increasing connectivity and the catchment area to and from Naples, 
Florence, Bologna, Ferrara, Padua, Venice, Pisa and Genoa. 
In March 2022 ADR and Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. entered into a cooperation agreement in 
order to evaluate joint initiatives to develop sustainable intermodality and the integration between rail

--- Page 73 ---
56
 
 
and air, such as: 
 
increasing the direct high-speed rail connections between Fiumicino airport and southern Italy; 
 
developing integrated rail/air products, e.g., single train/airplane tickets purchasable through 
integrated sales systems and distribution (thanks to commercial agreements with airline 
companies operating at Fiumicino airport) with the possibility of carrying out passenger and 
baggage check-in operations directly at the main railway stations connected to Fiumicino airport; 
and 
 
enhancing information for passengers on flights status and train circulation, both in railway 
stations and in airport terminals. 
The internal road network within the Airport itself connects Fiumicino Airport to: (i) the bus station 
and the railway station linking Fiumicino Airport to various parts of Rome and to some other 
destinations out of Latium Region; (ii) multi-storey and street level car parks for long and short stay; 
(iii) Fiumicino Airport’s central area (where authorities’ headquarters, such as police airport offices, 
and various mobility services, such as car rental, car sharing, taxi, rental with driver, are based); (iv) 
the Hilton hotel complex; (v) Fiumicino Airport’s technical area, where ADR’s and ITA Airways’ 
headquarters and aircraft maintenance buildings are located; (vi) Fiumicino Airport’s west area, where 
some ancillary facilities, such as the main fire station, fuel companies and the fuel farm, are located; 
in this area a kindergarten is also located; and (v) cargo city complex, long term/120 minute free 
parking and taxi and bus remote parking in the east of the Airport premises. These areas are served by 
dedicated staff parking. 
Access to the airport, near the terminal, is granted through two regulated traffic areas: 
- 
Limited Traffic Zone (ZTL) - reserved for taxis, for NCC, buses and authorized Police 
Vehicles. The area is controlled by an automatic electronic detection system. 
- 
Controlled Traffic Zone (ZTC) - Kiss&Go Area - reserved for all departing and arriving 
passengers and their companions, leading to Terminals 1 and 3. Transit time to the area is 15 
minutes. 
Ciampino Airport 
The site 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Ciampino Airport covers a total area of approximately 1.5 km2 
near the small town of Ciampino, located approximately 15 km southeast of the centre of Rome. 
The terminals 
There are two terminals, one for commercial aviation (low-cost flights) and one for general aviation 
(including aero-taxi). 
Runways and airside 
Ciampino Airport has one runway of approximately 2.2 km which is suitable for commercial flights. 
ENAC posed certain rules restricting the weight and type of aircraft permitted to use Ciampino 
Airport. 
The airport operates with a total capacity of 89 stands, of which 21 are for commercial aviation, 65 
are for general aviation, 3 are for helicopters, excluding an aircraft apron area reserved to military 
aircraft.

--- Page 74 ---
57
 
 
Access to Ciampino 
Ciampino Airport is located in via Appia Nuova, only 15 km far from Rome’s center and it can be 
reached by taxi, train and bus, or by car on the road network. Moreover, there is a new train + bus 
service that directly connects Ciampino with Roma Termini station, the Castelli Romani area (lines 
FL4 Velletri, Albano, Frascati), and southern Lazio (line FL6 to Cassino). 
Access to the airport, near the terminal, is through a “Limited Traffic Zone” (ZTL) - reserved for 
taxis, for NCC, buses and authorized Police Vehicles. The area is controlled by an automatic 
electronic detection system. 
The internal road network within the Airport itself connects Ciampino Airport to: (i) the bus station 
linking Ciampino Airport to various parts of Rome and to some other destinations out of Latium 
Region; (ii) street level car parks for long and short stay; (iii) Ciampino Airport’s central area (where 
various mobility services, such as car rental, car sharing, taxi, rental with driver, are based). 
Further historical information relating to business performance and financial results 
The graph below shows the historical traffic volumes (expressed in million of passengers) registered 
at the Airports from 2016 to 2024. 
 
 
2017
43.0
2018
43.5
2019
1.6
2020
2.3
2021
29.4
2022
40.5
2023
49.2
2024
FCO
CIA
47.1
2016
48.8
49.4
11.5
14.0
32.8
44.4
53.1
41.7
5.4
41.0
5.9
5.8
5.9
9.8
11.7
3.5
3.9
3.9
46.9

--- Page 75 ---
58
 
 
In 2024 the Rome Airport System was characterised by strong inbound traffic, exposure to leisure 
traffic and diversified passenger base, as shown in the graphs below. 
 
 
Traffic volumes may be broken down, inter alia, with respect to geographical distribution by 
distinguishing between short and long haul and with respect to airline mix, in each case as set out 
below. 
 
 
 
64%
36%
Inbound
Outbound
81%
14%
5%
Leisure
Business
Other
15.4
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
Domestic
Sch
Ex-Sch medium haul
Ex-Sch long haul
41.7
41.0
43.0
43.5
9.8
11.7
29.4
40.5
49.2
12.5
15.8
7.0
6.5
11.5
7.0
7.1
11.5
15.8
7.6
8.1
11.1
16.1
2016
8.6
8.8
17.6
6.4
7.8
10.5
21.9
6.6
10.2
7.7
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
FSC
AZ/ITA
LCC
47.1
46.9
48.8
49.4
11.5
14.0
32.8
44.4
2016
12.9
17.3
16.9
13.6
16.4
16.9
14.2
16.7
17.9
14.6
16.8
18.0
14.5
10.4
19.5
17.3
13.0
22.8
53.1

--- Page 76 ---
59
 
 
The graph below focuses on long-haul performance from 2016 to 2024, which recorded a significant 
increase in 2024 mainly driven by North America (+20% compared to 2023 and +34% compared to 
2019 performances), with 16 destinations directly connected from Fiumicino Airport, including New 
York, which recorded up to 12 daily departures (JFK + EWR) in July 2024.  
 
Furthermore, in 2024 it was also recorded an increase in the ratio between passengers and movements 
compared to 2019 level.  
 
 
The graph below shows the contribution in terms of passengers traffic of the main carriers operating 
at the Rome Airport System. 
 
Focus on long 
haul
6.5
7.1
8.1
8.6
1.2
1.0
4.2
7.7
10.2
+5.8%
Pax/mov
141
156
2019
2024
FCO
+10.9%
2024 Top Airlines
Rome Airport System
1%
3%
3%
3%
2%
2%
1%
24%
20%
12%
13,0
10,5
6,5
1,8
1,6
1,4
0,9
0,9
0,7
0,7
0,7
ITA AIRWAYS
RYANAIR
WIZZ AIR
VUELING
EASYJET
AEROITALIA
DELTA AIRLINES
LUFTHANSA
UNITED AIRLINES
IBERIA
BRITISH AIRWAYS
1%
Airline
mPax (#)
Share (%)

--- Page 77 ---
60
 
 
On the non aviation business, the table below shows respectively, the trend in revenues of the ADR 
Group from 2016 to 2024, expressed in million Euro. 
 
___________ 
(1) 
Includes retail and food & beverage. 
Note: data in the chart above is expressed in millions of Euro, rounded to the nearest integral number. Data refers to ADR 
Group. 
The ratio between revenues from commercial activities and departing passengers as well as the ratio 
between revenues from car parks and departing passengers of the Rome Airport System recorded an 
increase in 2024 compared to 2019 as set out below. 
Non aviation revenues (€m)
7
16
14
15
28
27
28
28
22
29
35
52
58
64
67
40
37
49
63
73
111
130
139
147
30
32
101
155
195
2017
13
11
2018
11
2019
9
2020
11
2021
2022
10
12
14
2024
Commercial (1)
Real estate and utilities
2023
Advertising
11
Other
Car parks
13
2016
215
242
255
268
13
99
187
269
331
90
13
2
5
10
4
+24%

--- Page 78 ---
61
 
 
 
The graphs below show certain historical key financials of ADR Group from 2016. 
 
___________ 
(1) 
Turnover does not include “Revenue from construction services”. 
Commercial Yield (Fiumicino + Ciampino)
€ - revenue/departing pax
Parking pax Yield (Fiumicino + Ciampino) 
€ - revenue/departing pax
2019
2024
6.0
7.4
+24%
2019
2024
1.0
1.1
+14%
Turnover (1)
Investments and dividends
20
11
215
242
255
268
90
187
269
331
636
634
667
673
171
198
457
609
735
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
99
232(2)
2021
2022
2023
15
2024
883
894
935
955
273
529
664
889
1.081
Aviation revenues
Non aviation revenues
Other operating income
445
207
182
255
152
178
215
324
334
201
256
249
130
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
492 (4)
82 (3)
Investments
Dividends
€m, ADR Group
€m, ADR Group

--- Page 79 ---
62
 
 
(2) 
Including €219 million of subsidies that the Italian Government, through Law 178/2020, assigned to airports to 
offset COVID-19-related losses in the period 1 March  - 30 June 2020. 
(3) 
Distribution of advance on dividends. 
(4) 
Including dividend distribution (balance) for €120 million, distribution of advance on dividends for €129 million, 
distribution of reserves for €243 million which is equal to the 2019 retained earnings carried forward at the 
beginning of the pandemic crisis. 
Note: data in the charts above is expressed in millions of Euro, rounded to the nearest integral number. 
 
___________ 
(2) Including €219 million subsidy that the Italian Government, through Law 178/2020, assigned to airports to offset 
COVID-19-related losses in the period March 1 - June 30, 2020. 
Note: data in the charts above is expressed in millions of Euro (except for percentages and ratios), rounded to the nearest 
integral number. 
 
THE GROUP’S INVESTMENT PROGRAMME 
Historical capital expenditure 
Notwithstanding that none of the expected tariff increases (other than those strictly related to inflation 
starting from 2009) referred to in the ADR sale and purchase agreement dated 23 June 2000 were 
recognised to ADR, the investments made by ADR in the period 2001 – 2011 totalled approximately 
Euro 0.8 billion. The Group’s maintenance activities in the above mentioned period had been focused 
on maintaining adequate levels of quality, safety and proper functioning of the Rome Airport System 
as required by the competent Italian authorities and by international standards.  
During the first regulatory period (2012-2021), investments totalled Euro 2.0 billion, as ERA approval 
EBITDA & EBITDA margin
Net Financial Debt (“NFD”) & NFD / EBITDA
529
544
577
594
300
470
629
60%
2016
61%
2017
62%
2018
62%
2019
9%
26
2020
49%
261(2)
2021
45%
2022
53%
2023
58%
2024
994
1.9 x
2016
2.2 x
1,190
2017
2.0 x
1,168
2018
1.9 x
1,126
2019
1,435
2020
1,672
2021
1,174
2022
2.3 x
1,097
2023
2.2 x
1,366
2024
NFD/EBITDA (x)
Net Financial Debt (€m)
€m, ADR Group
€m, ADR Group

--- Page 80 ---
63
 
 
has made it possible to start infrastructural development and quality improvement. 
In the years 2022-2024, investments carried out by the Group totalled Euro 0.9 billion (of which Euro 
334 million in 2024). For further information on the investments carried out in 2024, as well as on the 
projects completed or launched in the same period, see paragraph 5.3.1 (ADR Group investments) of 
the 2024 Integrated Report of the Issuer incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see 
“Incorporation by Reference” above).  
The investment and development plan  
The Regulatory Framework envisages investments of approximately Euro 9.2 billion from 2025 to 
20468, Euro 3.9 billion of which will be for the expansion and maintenance of the current Fiumicino 
terminals, apron and related facilities, subject to periodical adjustments. 
The initial phase of such works includes the completion of the current infrastructure projects at 
Fiumicino South with the aim of improving the operation of the airport. The project, approved by 
ENAC on 22 July 2011, and by the then Italian Ministry of Environment and Culture on August 2013 
(now Ministry of the Environment and the Energy Security), provides for the construction of further 
flight and terminal infrastructure until the saturation of the current site, thus aligning Fiumicino 
Airport facilities with those of the main European hubs. The main objectives of the completion project 
are to: 
 
reach the capacity of 64 million passengers per year in the short to medium term;  
 
support the growth in traffic with suitable terminal and airside infrastructure; 
 
improve the quality of the service offered to passengers; 
 
complete the use of the areas inside the current site; 
 
ensure full compliance with applicable environmental laws and urban compatibility;  
 
strengthen the connection system and accessibility to the airport. 
Projected capital investment  
The main projects and works to be implemented by ADR to comply with its obligations under the 
Regulatory Framework are summarised below. 
Plan for the completion of South-Fiumicino 
The main characteristics of the plan for the completion of South-Fiumicino until 2030 are as follows:  
- 
approximately Euro 2.2 billion capital expenditures expected in the period 2025-2030; 
- 
expansion of taxiway facilities with taxiway Bravo doubling expected to be completed in 2028; 
- 
T3 terminal extension expected to be completed in 2028 and T1 terminal extension expected to 
be completed in 2027; 
- 
T3 terminal refurbishment expected to be completed in 2025; 
- 
A1-A10 piers refurbishment expected to be completed in 2027; 
- 
new boarding area “East Satellite” expected to be completed in 2029; 
- 
as landside works, new freeway junction close to cargo city.  
 
(8) Source: Capex included in the financial updated in 2024

--- Page 81 ---
64
 
 
From 2031 to 2046, ADR is expected to make investments on South-Fiumicino of approximately 
Euro 1.7 billion mainly due to refurbishment and maintenance works. 
Furthermore, in 2020, ADR decided, as part of its plan for developing Fiumicino Airport, to set out a 
roadmap to ensure the deployment of the sustainability levels of its infrastructure system. The 
roadmap is based on authoritative international certification systems: LEED® (Leadership in Energy 
and Environmental Design) and BREEAM® (Building Research Establishment Environmental 
Assessment Method). The indices adopted assess the sustainability of the infrastructures with an 
“holistic” approach: energy efficiency, CO2 emissions generated, circular approach to the 
management of materials also during the construction phase, management of suppliers and the impact 
of the works on the socio-economic context of reference. The programme envisages, starting with the 
base year 2019, in which the value of the index was around 4%, to reach by 2030 a ratio of at least 
60% of certified terminal infrastructures. By the end of the concession in 2046, the index will be 
about 80%. 
In addition, in 2021-2022 ADR has also launched an “extraordinary maintenance” programme to 
increase the level of sustainability of existing buildings, using the LEED® or BREEAM® 
certification protocol to assess to the sustainable performance achieved. This programme is already 
operational for the “Terminal 3 Forepart”, “Pier E 11-24”, and for the “Terminal 1”, certified with the 
BREEAM® protocol, and for “Pier A61-83”, certified with the LEED® protocol. Following the 
roadmap, the immediate next step is the certification of “Pier B” (LEED) and “Boarding Area A21-
27” (BREEAM), both in progress. 
Ciampino Airport 
The main characteristics of the projected capital investments relating to Ciampino Airport are 
summaries below: 
- 
approximately Euro 0.2 billion capital expenditures from 2025 to 2046; 
- 
as airside works, apron refurbishment and runway refurbishment. 
- 
refurbishment of commercial aviation terminal; and 
- 
restoration and maintenance works. 
INSURANCE 
ADR is liable for any damage caused to persons or things as a consequence of the activity carried out 
during the performance of the concession. Therefore, the Group maintains insurance policies as 
protection against risks associated with the management of the Rome Airport System as well as in 
relation to the activities of its subsidiaries. 
In particular, pursuant to the Regulatory Framework, ADR must obtain an insurance policy with one 
or more leading insurance companies for all assets that ADR allocates to airport management and to 
cover the following risks: (i) fire, as consequence, or not, of gross negligence by its employees or 
third parties; (ii) falling airplanes, or parts thereof, or things transported by them; (iii) explosion of 
steam engines; (iv) risks connected with solid, liquid and gas combustion plants, electrical systems in 
general and plants operated by radioactive substances; (v) heating and air conditioning system; and 
(vi) damage deriving from natural events. 
In addition, ADR is bound to put in place an insurance policy to cover risks connected with the 
carrying out of its activities within the airport, for liability consequent upon material damage and 
business interruption damage that may be caused to the entities present within the Airports and/or to 
third parties.  
The Regulatory Framework provides that in case of accidents, the compensation for damage 
liquidated in accordance with the insurance policy shall be paid by the insurance company to ADR,

--- Page 82 ---
65
 
 
which is in turn required to cure the damage, subject to its right to require that the payment be made to 
its financial creditors to the extent the relevant financing arrangements so require. 
If the value, for which compensation is due, as a consequence of damages ascribable to ADR’s 
responsibility, exceeds the individual limits of responsibility covered by the aforesaid policies, the 
relevant cost is to be borne entirely by ADR. 
Furthermore, ADR is insured under the cyber insurance policies entered by its parent company 
Mundys with maximum aggregate limit of Euro 30 million for third-party liability (including privacy, 
data breach, network security and contractual penalty claims) and for business interruption loss and 
restoration costs (including cyber extortion and hacker theft cover subject to certain sublimits and 
exclusions). Such aggregate limit is shared across the companies belonging to the Mundys group 
which are insured under the policy. 
RECOGNITION AND EXCELLENCE 
ADR’s commitment to sustainability has been recognised by numerous prestigious awards, among 
which in 2024:  
 
“Most Sustainable Company in Airport Industry” for Fiumicino Airport, from World Finance 
for the second year in a row, confirming ADR concrete commitment to reducing environmental 
impact and adopting innovative strategies for sustainable development; 
 
“Best Airport in Europe” for Fiumicino Airport, in the category of airports with more than 40 
million passengers, won for the eighth consecutive year;  
 
“Best Airport in Europe” in the category between 5 and 15 million passengers won by the 
Ciampino Airport for the second year in a row. 
Additionally, in 2025, Skytrax, the leading international rating company on the quality levels offered 
by airlines and airports, reconfirmed the 5 stars award, the highest score obtainable, to Fiumicino 
Airport. Furthermore, Fiumicino Airport has entered the Best Airports in the World’s Top Ten for the 
first time, ranking 8th, climbing four positions compared to the previous year and consolidating its role 
as a reference hub for the entire Mediterranean area. 
INNOVATION 
Innovation is an integral part of ADR’s strategy and is developed through its new open innovation 
model and the implementation of new solutions at the service of the digitisation and digital transition 
process of managed airports. 
In 2021 ADR has adopted a new innovation model aimed at managing ideas in their life cycle (idea 
management), which starts from the identification of a need to the implementation of a project. The 
solutions implemented can be in turn improved with new ideas in a process of continuous 
development. The principle behind this model is the idea of innovation as a widespread and shared 
way of working.  
Therefore, an open system was created in order to involve start-ups and SMEs, universities and other 
corporations that share the principles underlying the digital and environmental transformation of 
ADR.  
As part of this system, several innovative projects have been carried out. The main projects carried 
out in 2024 are the following. 
- 
In January 2024, the third “Call 4 Startups” was launched, in search of new projects that can 
help in the decarbonisation process and enhance passenger services. The call focused on 6 areas 
of interest: smart operations & processes, infrastructure management & development, passenger 
experience, commercial opportunities, disruptive solutions. The call was also supported by the

--- Page 83 ---
66
 
 
following partners: AWS, Autogrill, Bridgestone, ENAV, ESA, Eurocontrol, Ferrovie dello 
Stato and Terna. As part of the third “Call 4 Startups”, eleven selected international projects are 
being completed out of 716 proposals received from 389 start-ups, 60% of which from over 40 
countries (China, India, USA, Canada, United Kingdom, Israel, Middle East, etc.). 
- 
In May 2024, the ADR Hangar Program was launched, ADR's first Corporate Entrepreneurship 
programme, aimed at collecting innovative ideas from all Group colleagues to build projects 
aimed at the continuous improvement of the Airports. The programme collected 53 innovative 
ideas from 230 colleagues (112 women and 118 men) from 8 Group companies and the 2 
winning proposals are being developed. 
- 
Narita airport joined the Airports for Innovation network in May 2024, which already includes 
AENA, Athens, Dallas Fort Worth, Oman, Dubai, Monaco, Nice and Vancouver. To date, 
around 0.8 billion passengers are handled by the network and consequently can be potentially 
involved in common innovative solutions. In addition, the first “Joint Call for Startups” of the 
Airports4Innovation network was launched in September 2024, with the aim of simultaneously 
testing start-ups on multiple airports. The initiative is aimed at finding innovative solutions in 
four main areas of interest: seamless travel experience, sustainable aviation, AI-powered 
airports and smart luggage revolution. The call recorded 292 applications from 283 start-ups 
from all over the world. The objective, in the first few months of 2025, is to launch joint 
projects with the airports belonging to the network in order to define the standards of the airport 
of the future, scaling technological solutions not only “vertically” on a single airport but also 
“horizontally” between multiple airports in line with the customer journey of passengers. 
Furthermore, in 2024 the international ecosystem of partnerships was expanded, by signing a 
memorandum of understanding with industrial players, specifically:  
- 
Lufthansa Innovation Hub – the objective is to promote joint innovation projects, sharing 
insights, best practices and technological knowledge. Specifically, ADR will share its know-
how on the start-up acceleration processes carried out thanks to the different editions of ADR's 
“Runway to the Future”. Lufthansa Innovation Hub will share insights and opportunities on its 
research as well as on the venture building and venture clienting activities it has been 
developing for about 10 years; 
- 
Honda R&D – ADR and Honda R&D undertake to carry out joint pilot projects in the field of 
automation and robotics for airport operations. The partnership envisages the possibility for 
Honda R&D to become a partner of ADR's “Runway to the Future” acceleration programme, 
the construction of an airside automation ecosystem for the implementation of robotic solutions 
and the launch of regular pilot tests and the sharing of best practices, with a particular focus on 
automated baggage handling, self-driving vehicles for airport operations, use of drones and 
development of control tower control solutions; 
- 
ENAV – the shared objective is to collaborate on innovation projects in the airport sector, 
enhance the respective technical skills in the aviation sector and share knowledge and 
experience to develop innovative solutions relating to airport operations, air traffic management 
systems and sustainability. 
EMPLOYEES 
As of 31 December 2024 the employees were 4,213, recording an increase of up 3% compared to the 
4,092 employees as at 31 December 2023.  
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
As part of the ordinary course of business, companies within the Group are subject to a number of 
civil, administrative, labour and tax proceedings relating to the management and development of the 
Rome Airport System.

--- Page 84 ---
67
 
 
The Group has carried out a review of its ongoing litigation and provisions in its consolidated 
financial statements were made where disputes were likely to result in a negative outcome and a 
reasonable estimate of the amount involved could be made. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had a 
provision for current and potential disputes amounting to Euro 10,844 thousand (Euro 16,291 
thousand as at 31 December 2023). In certain cases, where the negative outcome of disputes was 
merely possible, no specific provisions were made in ADR’s consolidated accounts in accordance 
with the principles and procedures governing the preparation of financial statements. In addition, the 
Group is involved in certain minor civil proceedings, for which no provisions for contingent liabilities 
were made, as the impact of any negative outcome could not be estimated. 
A summary of the most significant proceedings in which ADR or Group companies are involved is set 
out under paragraph 9.5 of the “Notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Aeroporti di 
Roma Group” of the 2024 Integrated Report headed “Litigation”, incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. For a description of risks arising from legal proceedings, see “Risk Factors”, above. 
ADR’S FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS  
As at 31 December 2024, the Issuer had Euro 1,365,814 thousand of net financial debt (Euro 
1,096,796 thousand as at 31 December 2023). 
In particular, as at 31 December 2024, ADR’s financial indebtedness included:  
(a) 
the Euro 500,000,000 (par value) 1.625 per cent. Notes due 8 June 2027 (ISIN Code 
XS1627947440) issued by ADR under the Programme on 8 June 2017, of which Euro 
432,821,000 (par value) outstanding upon completion of a liability management exercise in 
2023; 
(b) 
the Euro 300,000,000 (par value) 1.625 per cent. Notes due 2 February 2029 (ISIN Code 
XS2265521620) issued by ADR under the Programme on 2 December 2020 (the “2020 Green 
Bond”); 
(c) 
the Euro 500,000,000 (par value) 1.750 per cent. Sustainability-Linked Notes due 30 July 2031 
(ISIN Code XS2337326727) issued by ADR under the Programme on 30 April 2021 (the “2021 
Sustainability-Linked Bond”); 
(d) 
the Euro 400,000,000 (par value) 4.875 per cent. Sustainability-Linked Notes due 10 July 2033 
(ISIN Code XS2644240975) issued by ADR under the Programme on 10 July 2023 (the “2023 
Sustainability-Linked Bond”); 
(e) 
the Euro 150,000,000 (amount granted) credit facility (the “EIB 2016 Credit Facility”), 
outstanding for Euro 94,936 thousand, excluding amortized cost effect, documented under an 
agreement entered into on 13 December 2016 between ADR and the European Investment 
Bank. The EIB 2016 Credit Facility was fully drawn in several tranches, providing for two 
different amortizing repayment plans and expiring between 2031 and 2034;  
(f) 
the Euro 150,000,000 (amount granted) credit facility (the “CDP 2016 Credit Facility”), 
outstanding for Euro 114,103 thousand, excluding amortized cost effect, documented under an 
agreement entered into on 27 December 2016 between ADR and Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
The CDP 2016 Credit Facility was fully drawn in several tranches, providing for three different 
amortizing repayment plans and expiring between 2031 and 2035;  
(g) 
the Euro 200,000,000 (amount granted) credit facility (the “EIB 2018 Credit Facility”), 
outstanding for Euro 169,231 thousand, excluding amortized cost effect, documented under an 
agreement entered into on 23 March 2018 between ADR and the European Investment Bank. 
As at 31 December 2024, the EIB 2018 Credit Facility was fully drawn and outstanding. The 
EIB 2018 Credit Facility was fully drawn in several tranches, providing for amortizing 
repayment plan and expiring in 2035;

--- Page 85 ---
68
 
 
(h) 
the Euro 350,000,000 revolving credit facility sustainability-linked (the “2022 RCF”) 
documented under an agreement entered into on 4 October 2022 between ADR and a pool of 
lenders expiring in 2027, which can be extended until 2029. As at 31 December 2024, the 2022 
RCF was undrawn whilst as at the date of this Base Prospectus the 2022 RCF is fully drawn; 
and 
(i) 
the Euro 5,000,000 (amount granted) credit facility (the “CDP 2024 Credit Facility”), 
documented under an agreement entered into on 2 July 2024 between ADR and Cassa depositi 
e prestiti S.p.A. As at 31 December 2024, the CDP Credit Facility was undrawn. 
The ratio “Net Financial Debt/EBITDA” amounted to 2.2x in 2024 and 2.3x in 2023. The ratio “Net 
Financial Debt/EBITDA” as at 31 December 2024, taking into account the equity reserve distribution 
executed in February 2025 (for further information, see sub-paragraph “Other subsequent events” of 
paragraph 7 (Subsequent events) of the Report on operation included in the 2024 Integrated Report 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) is equal to 3.3x. 
For further information on ADR’s financial indebtedness as at 31 December 2024, see also paragraph 
6.15 of the “Notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Aeroporti di Roma Group” of the 
2024 Integrated Report headed “Financial liabilities (current and non-current portion)”, incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Corporate governance rules for Italian companies whose shares are not listed on a regulated market or 
multilateral trading facility or other trading venue, such as ADR, are provided in the Italian Civil 
Code and, where applicable, in Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the 
“Financial Services Act”), and the relevant implementing regulations. 
ADR has adopted a traditional system of corporate governance, which includes a shareholders’ 
meeting, a board of directors and a board of statutory auditors. 
Board of Directors, internal committees and senior management 
The Board of Directors and its members  
Pursuant to its by-laws, the management of ADR is entrusted to a collective body made up of no 
fewer than seven and no more than fifteen members appointed by the shareholders’ meeting, one of 
which to be jointly appointed by the current public shareholders of ADR, the Municipality of Rome 
“Città Metropolitana di Roma Capitale” and the Municipality of Fiumicino, pursuant to article 2449 
of the Italian Civil Code (collectively, the “Board of Directors” and, each, a “Director”). 
Directors are appointed by the shareholders’ meeting for a term that cannot exceed three financial 
years. Directors can be reappointed following the expiry of their term. 
The Board of Directors has broad powers to carry out the management of ADR. It is authorised to 
take all the steps that it deems appropriate in order to achieve ADR’s aims and corporate objectives in 
accordance with its corporate objects and with the exception of the powers expressly reserved to the 
shareholders’ meeting by law or ADR’s by-laws. 
The shareholders’ meeting held on 20 April 2023 appointed ADR’s Board of Directors for a period of 
three years, to be composed by nine members, one of which to be jointly appointed, pursuant to 
ADR’s by-laws and article 2449 of the Italian Civil Code, by the current public shareholders of ADR, 
the Municipality of Rome “Città Metropolitana di Roma Capitale” and the Municipality of 
Fiumicino. 
Unless there is a cause for early termination, all the members will hold office until the approval of 
ADR’s financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2025.

--- Page 86 ---
69
 
 
The following table sets out the current members of the ADR’s Board of Directors. 
Name 
Position 
Vincenzo Nunziata 
Chairman  
Marco Troncone  
Chief Executive Officer 
Mattia Brentari 
Director 
Elisabetta De Bernardi di Valserra  
Director 
Yannick Heyl  
Director 
Antonello Monti 
Director 
Katia Riva  
Director 
Scott Schultz 
Director 
Andrea Valeri 
Director 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the director to be jointly appointed by the public shareholders 
of ADR, the Municipality of Rome “Città Metropolitana di Roma Capitale” and the Municipality of 
Fiumicino, pursuant to ADR’s by-laws and article 2449 of the Italian Civil Code, has not been 
appointed yet.  
For the purposes of their function as members of the Board of Directors, the business address of each 
of the members of the Board of Directors is ADR’s registered office at Via Pier Paolo Racchetti, 1, 
00054 Fiumicino (Rome), Italy. 
Other offices held by members of the Board of Directors 
The table below sets forth the main offices on the boards of directors, boards of statutory auditors, 
supervisory committees or other main positions other than those within the Issuer held by the 
members of ADR’s Board of Directors.  
Name 
Main positions held outside the ADR Group 
Vincenzo Nunziata 
Member of the directors of Formez PA 
Member of the management body (Comitato di Gestione) 
of “Scuola Nazionale dell’Amministrazione” 
Marco Troncone 
Chairman of Fondazione Pacta  
Member of the board of ACI (Airport Council 
International) Europe 
Member of the board of directors of UrbanV S.p.A. 
Member of the general council of Associazione 
Unindustria 
Vice chairman of Aeroports de la Côte d’Azur S.A.  
Vice chairman of Associazione Aeroporti 2030 
Mattia Brentari 
Director of Azzurra Aeroporti S.p.A. 
Director of Compañia de Tierras Sud Argentino SA 
Director of Ganadera Condor SA

--- Page 87 ---
70
 
 
Name 
Main positions held outside the ADR Group 
Elisabetta De Bernardi di Valserra  
Director of Aeroports de la Côte d'Azur S.A. 
Director of Azzurra Aeroporti S.p.A. 
Director of Getlink S.A. 
Director of Telepass S.p.A. 
Member of the audit committee of Aeroports de la Côte 
d'Azur S.A  
Member of the audit committee of Getlink S.A  
Member of the audit, risk and sustainability committee of 
Telepass S.p.A. 
Member of the technology & innovation committee of 
Telepass S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Abertis HoldCo 
S.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Abertis 
Infraestructuras S.A. 
Member of the Management Board of Yunex GmbH 
Yannick Heyl  
/ 
Antonello Monti 
Member of advisory board committee of Fondo Core 
Nord Ovest Ream SGR S.p.A  
Director and member of audit committee of Fondazione 
Cassa di Risparmio di Torino 
Member of the scientific promoting committee “Food-
wine Pole” (polo logistico e dei servizi del basso 
Piemonte per il settore “Agroalimentare-Vitivinicolo”) 
Chairman of the board of directors of the Il Risveglio 
editore S.r.l. 
Member of the board of directors, executive committee 
and 
investment 
committee 
of 
Istituto 
Centrale 
Sostentamento del Clero (Rome) 
Director of Associazione Proprietà Fondiaria (Vercelli) 
Member of the board of directors of Ovest Sesia Distretto 
Irriguo Bianzè 
Member of the board of directors of Ovest Sesia Energia  
Member of the council of delegates, contact person for 
projects on biogas and bioenergy and sustainable 
territorial 
economies, 
consultant 
for 
economic 
development 
of 
bioenergy 
and 
environmentally  
sustainable projects for the Ovest Sesia Irrigation 
Association (Vercelli) 
Managing partner of Monti Antonello, Monti Piero, 
Morozza s.s.a, Cascinotto s.s.a, Smf Agricola s.s.a 
Member of the scientific committee of Fondazione 
Ospedaliera S. Croce e Carlo (Cuneo) 
Katia Riva  
Member of the board of directors of Fondazione Unhate 
Member of the board of directors of Fondazione Patto per 
la Decarbonizzazione del Trasporto Aereo

--- Page 88 ---
71
 
 
Name 
Main positions held outside the ADR Group 
Member of the board of directors of Brunello Cucinelli 
S.p.A 
Scott Schultz 
Director of Mundys S.p.A. 
Andrea Valeri 
Chairman of Blackstone Italy S.r.l. 
Director of Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. 
Director of Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. 
Director of JOA Corporate S.a.s. 
Director of SuperBet S.A. 
Director of Murka Ltd 
Internal Committees 
Under the authority conferred on it by the by-laws of ADR, the Board of Directors has deemed it 
appropriate to establish specific internal committees in order to increase the efficiency and the 
effectiveness of its activities. Such committees have a consultative role. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors has set up pursuant to Article 22 of its 
by-laws the following committees with advisory and propositional functions.  
 
The Risk and Control Committee, appointed by the Board of Directors of ADR on 10 May 
2023, having the task of, among other things, supporting the assessments and resolutions of 
ADR’s Board of Directors related to the internal control and risk management system.  The 
Control Risk Committee is made up of three members: Elisabetta De Bernardi di Valserra 
(chairwoman), Mattia Brentari (member) and Yannick Heyl (member). All members will hold 
office until the shareholders’ meeting convened to approve ADR’s financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2025. 
 
The Sustainable Development Committee, appointed by the Board of Directors of ADR on 10 
May 2023, having the task of, among other things, supporting the Board of Directors of ADR in 
its assessment and decisions related to (i) the sustainability plans of the Group and, consistently 
with them, (ii) the planning and implementation of airport infrastructures investments.  The 
Sustainable Development Committee is made up of four members: Elisabetta De Bernardi di 
Valserra (chairwoman), Scott Schultz (member), Katia Riva (member) and Mattia Brentari 
(member). All members will hold office until the shareholders’ meeting convened to approve 
ADR’s financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2025. 
 
The Human Resources Committee, appointed by the Board of Directors of ADR on 10 May 
2023, having the task of, among other things, making proposals regarding the remuneration and 
annual and long-term incentive plans of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, as well 
as on the performance targets related to the variable remuneration component and delivering 
opinions on the initiatives and programs promoted by the Company in the field of strategic 
development of human capital. The Human Resources Committee is made up of four members: 
Katia Riva (chairwoman), Andrea Valeri (member), Antonello Monti (member) and Mattia 
Brentari (member). All members will hold office until the shareholders’ meeting convened to 
approve ADR’s financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2025.  
Senior Management 
The following table sets forth the members of ADR’s senior management, together with their current 
positions.  
Name 
Position 
Emanuele Calà 
Transformation & Technology

--- Page 89 ---
72
 
 
Name 
Position 
Giovanni Cavallaro 
Chief Financial Officer 
Primiano De Maria 
General Counsel & Compliance 
Devan De Paolis 
Internal Audit 
Veronica Pamio 
External 
Affairs, 
Sustainability 
& 
Destination 
Management 
Alberto Valenza 
Human Capital, Organization & Procurement 
Ivan Bassato 
Business Unit Aviation 
Marilena Blasi 
Business Unit Commercial 
Andrea M. Giordano 
Business Unit Infrastructures 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Board of Statutory Auditors and its members 
Pursuant to ADR’s by-laws, the board of statutory auditors is composed of five standing auditors and 
two alternate auditors, each of which must meet the requirements provided for by applicable law and 
ADR’ by-laws (collectively, the “Board of Statutory Auditors”). The alternate auditors will replace 
any statutory auditor who resigns or is otherwise unable to continue to serve as an auditor. The 
members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are appointed by the shareholders’ meeting and, pursuant 
to Article 5 of the Regulatory Framework (implementing the provisions of Article 5, Paragraph 2, 
item 8, of Law No. 755/73), three of such members are designated, respectively, by the Italian 
Ministry of Economy and Finance (Ministro dell’economia e delle finanze), the Italian Minister of 
Infrastructure and Transport (Ministro delle infrastrutture e dei trasporti) and the Italian Minister of 
Economic Development (Ministro dello sviluppo economico). The Board of Statutory Auditors is 
chaired by the auditor designated by the Minister of Economy and Finance (Ministro dell’economia e 
delle finanze). 
The members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are appointed for three financial years and may be 
re-elected. They may be removed only upon the occurrence of a just cause (giusta causa pursuant to 
Italian law) and with the approval of an Italian Court. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is the corporate body that, inter alia, must oversee ADR’s 
compliance with applicable laws and the by-laws as well as proper administration and verify the 
adequacy of internal controls and accounting reporting systems. 
The shareholders’ meeting held on 28 April 2022 appointed ADR’s Board of Statutory Auditors for a 
period of three financial years, until the shareholders’ meeting convened to approve ADR’s financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024. Accordingly, the new Board of Statutory 
Auditors is expected to be appointed by the shareholders’ meeting called to approve ADR’s financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 (currently envisaged to occur on 28 April 
2025).  
The following table sets out the current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
Name  
Position 
Cosimo Giuseppe Tolone (1) ........................................ Chairman 
Roberto Capone ............................................................ Member 
Roberto Carducci (2) .................................................... Member 
Ugo Venanzio Gaspari (3) ............................................ Member 
Benedetta Navarra ........................................................ Member 
Fulvia Astolfi ................................................................ Alternate Auditor 
Carlo Regoliosi ............................................................. Alternate Auditor

--- Page 90 ---
73
 
 
____________ 
(1) 
Auditor designated by the Italian Minister of Economy and Finance.  
(2) 
Auditor designated by the Italian Minister of Infrastructure and Transport.  
(3) 
Auditor designated by the Italian Minister of Economic Development. 
For the purposes of their function as members of the Board of Statutory Auditors, the business address 
of each of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is the Issuer’s registered office at Via Pier 
Paolo Racchetti, 1, 00054 Fiumicino (Rome), Italy. 
Other offices held by members of the Board of Statutory Auditors  
The table below sets forth the main offices on the boards of directors, boards of statutory auditors, 
supervisory committees or other main positions other than those within the Issuer held by the 
members of ADR’s Board of Statutory Auditors.  
Name 
Main positions held outside the ADR Group 
Cosimo Giuseppe Tolone ................................... Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of 3I S.p.A. 
Roberto Capone .................................................. Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Abaco S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Agriconsulting 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Agri-Energy 
S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Agronica Group 
S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Airport 
Cleaning S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of B.F. S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Crionet S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Delta Med 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Diagram S.p.A. 
Statutory auditor of Ecornaturasi S.p.A. 
Statutory auditor of Gastronomica Roscio S.r.l.  
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of GH S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Guaresi S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Harvester S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Lampa S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Naturalia 
Ingredients S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Progetto 
Benessere Italia S.r.l.  
Statutory auditor of Prysmian S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of QC Terme S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Red Bull S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Reevo S.p.A. 
Statutory Auditor of Società Editrice Italiana S.p.A. Chairman 
of the board of statutory auditors of Specchiasol S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of White Bridge 
Investments II S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of White Bridge 
Investments III S.p.A .

--- Page 91 ---
74
 
 
Name 
Main positions held outside the ADR Group 
Roberto Carducci ................................................ Statutory auditor of Azienda Romana Energia e Servizi S.p.A. 
Ugo Venanzio Gaspari ........................................ Chairman of the board of external auditors of Provincia di 
Varese 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of SIMEST  S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Coinger  S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of QuattroR  Sgr 
S.p.A. 
Sole statutory auditor of Società di Mutuo Soccorso dei  
Medici e degli Odontoiatri 
Statutory auditor of Grifal S.p.A.  
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Cassano 
Magnago Servizi S.p.A. 
Sole statutory auditor of I-Sec Italia S.r.l. 
Sole statutory auditor of I-Sec Italia Services Srl 
Sole statutory auditor of Fondazione Felicita Morandi 
Chairman of the board of external auditors of Ordine 
dei Medici di Como 
Chairman of the board of external auditors of Ordine 
dei Medici di Bergamo 
Chairman of the board of external auditors of Ordine dei 
Medici di Rovigo 
Chairman of board of external auditors on Fondazione di 
Sardegna  
Sole statutory auditor of the Municipality of Bregnano  
Sole statutory auditor of Aspecon S.r.l. 
Benedetta Navarra .............................................. Chairman of the board of directors of Italgas S.p.A. 
Member of the board of Cementir Holding N.V. 
Statutory auditor of Mundys S.p.A. 
External auditor of Fondazione Telethon 
Sole auditor of Organismo di Vigilanza ConfCommercio 
imprese per l’Italia provincia di Roma Capitale 
Chairman of the statutory auditor of CNP Vita Assicura S.p.A 
Single control body della Fondazione UnHate ETS 
Chairman of the supervisory board di Stretto di Messina S.p.A. 
Fulvia Astolfi ...................................................... Independent director of Agos Ducato S.p.A. 
Director of Consorzio di Ricerca DTT – Dual Tokamak Test 
Independent director of Holostem S.r.l. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of C.P.C. S.r.l. 
Statutory auditor of Ewiva S.r.l. 
Carlo Regoliosi ................................................... Member of the board of directors of Auxilia Finance S.p.A. 
Director of Fondo Pensione CA.P.I.D.I. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Telepass S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Frimm S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Rockagent 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of MAIOR S.r.l.

--- Page 92 ---
75
 
 
Name 
Main positions held outside the ADR Group 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Unimercatorum 
S.r.l. 
Statutory auditor of Duepuntozero NPL S.p.A. 
Statutory auditor of Cherry Bank S.p.A. 
Statutory auditor of Tecne Gruppo Autostrade per l’Italia 
S.p.A. 
Statutory auditor of Società Autostrada Tirrenica per azioni 
Statutory auditor of Elgea S.p.A. 
Statutory auditor of Roma Metropolitane S.r.l. in liquidazione  
Statutory auditor of NED Value S.r.l. 
Statutory auditor of Autostrade Meridionali S.p.A. in 
liquidazione 
Sole auditor of Studio Schiattarella S.r.l. 
Sole auditor of Associazione Rete IDEA 
Member of the board of external auditors of Ospedale 
Pediatrico Bambino Gesù 
Member of the board of external auditors of “Comitato 
Organizzatore dei Giochi Mondiali Invernali Special Olympics 
Torino 2025” 
Conflict of Interest 
Except as disclosed in “Relations with related parties” below, there are no potential or existing 
conflicts of interest, as of the date hereof, between the duties of each of the members of the Board of 
Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors and their private interests or other duties.  
Shareholders 
Mundys is the controlling shareholder of ADR, holding 99.39% of the share capital of ADR. 
Edizione, through Schema Alfa S.p.A. (formerly Sintonia), is the majority shareholder of Mundys, 
holding 57% of its share capital. Edizione is in turn indirectly controlled by members of the Benetton 
family.  
The following table shows the shareholders of ADR as of the date of this Base Prospectus, based on 
ADR’s shareholders register.  
Shareholders 
Ownership Interest 
Mundys ..........................................................................................................................  
99.39% 
Municipality of Rome “Città metropolitana di Roma Capitale” ...................................  
0.251% 
Municipality of Fiumicino .............................................................................................  
0.100% 
Others ............................................................................................................................  
0.259% 
Total ..............................................................................................................................  
100.00% 
 
Under Article 3, Paragraph 6 of the Regulatory Framework, the entity controlling ADR pursuant to 
Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code is required to meet the following conditions: (i) the 
shareholders’ equity of such entity, as recorded in the last approved audited financial statements, must 
be equal to, or higher than, Euro 1 million for each percentage point of participation held in ADR’s 
share capital; (ii) it shall ensure that ADR’s offices remain in Italy, also for tax purposes, as well as its 
technical and organisational responsibilities for the performance of the duties of ADR set out in 
Article 2 of the Regulatory Framework; and (iii) its management body shall be composed by as many 
directors and statutory auditors required who meet the criteria of professionalism and, if applicable, of

--- Page 93 ---
76
 
 
independence required by the Financial Services Act, and who also meet the criteria of good standing 
provided for the purposes of the listing on the stock exchange by the laws of the country where the 
entity is registered.  
Relations with related parties 
Information on relations and transactions with related parties entered into by ADR, directly or through 
its subsidiaries, are described under Note 10 headed “Transactions with related parties” on pages 
257-2589 of the consolidated financial statements included in the 2024 Integrated Report.  
Code of ethics and compliance  
ADR has adopted and implements the code of ethics and the anti-corruption policy of the Mundys 
group.  
The code of ethics of the Mundys group clearly defines the values that the Mundys group draws upon 
to achieve its goals and the ethical and operational principles relevant to the conduct of its activities. 
The code of ethics identifies the essential core of the values that make up the corporate culture and 
that it translate into the principles and management policies that guide ADR’s daily actions. 
The anti-corruption policy of the Mundys group summarises and integrates in an organic framework 
the rules for preventing and fighting corruption in force in the Mundys group, with the aim of further 
raising employees and third parties awareness of the rules and behaviors that must be observed.  
ADR, aware of the negative impact of corruption, is committed at the forefront not only to counter but 
to prevent the occurrence of corruption practices in carrying out its activities. 
ADR acts in the awareness that compliance with the anti-corruption legislation in force is more than a 
juridical-legal obligation and represents a basic element of the Issuer's culture and way of operating. 
To this end, the Issuer has adopted an anti-bribery management system according to international 
standard ISO 37001: 2016 anti-bribery management systems, with the aim of supporting the 
organization in preventing, detecting and dealing with corruption and in complying with applicable 
laws on the prevention and fight against corruption. Compliance with this management system, which 
is based on the anti-corruption policy of the Mundys group, in addition to representing an obligation 
for all ADR personnel, is an essential and founding condition of every relationship with the Issuer in 
carrying out its business. 
In April 2018, ADR's anti-bribery management system was certified in compliance with the ISO 
37001 anti-bribery standard by a certification body accredited with Accredia (Ente Italiano di 
Accreditamento) and was renewed in 2021.  
As part of this system, with regard to the anti-corruption policy of the Mundys group, the company 
periodically carries out activities of: 
 
periodic updating and review by the Board of Directors; 
 
training for newly hired employees; 
 
raising awareness through the publication of information material in a specific section on the 
website.  
In line with the applicable legislation and the organisational and governance structure of the Group, 
ADR defined a process for collecting and managing reports, governed by the whistleblowing policy, 
aimed at providing sample access to all those who wish to make a report and guarantee the 
confidentiality of the whistleblower’s identity. ADR has also set up a specific body responsible for the 
management of reports.  
 
9 The page references indicated above correspond to the page references of the e-document.

--- Page 94 ---
77
 
 
Model pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 and Supervisory Body. 
In addition to having adopted the code of ethics and the anti-corruption policy in force within the 
Mundys group, ADR has also adopted an organisation management and supervision model (the “231 
Model”) to ensure conditions of fairness and transparency in the conduct of its business and corporate 
activities, according to Italian Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 (“Disciplina della responsabilità 
amministrativa delle persone giuridiche, delle società e delle associazioni anche prive di personalità 
giuridica, a norma dell’articolo 11 della legge 29 settembre 2000, n. 300”), which was first approved 
in 2007 and subsequently updated and reviewed (last renewal occurred in 2024). The 231 Model 
provides guidelines to prevent management and employees from committing offences which may 
cause the Company to become liable pursuant to the above-mentioned Legislative Decree No. 
231/2001. Pursuant to art. 6 of Legislative Decree 231/2001, ADR has entrusted the task of 
“supervising the functioning and observance of the 231 Model and updating it” to a Supervisory Body 
(Organismo di Vigilanza). The circumstances relevant to the compliance and operation of the 231 
Model, as well as any illegal conduct or violations of the 231 Model, must be reported to the 
Supervisory Body, ensuring that the reports are substantiated and based on precise and consistent 
facts. A copy of the 231 Model is available on the website of the Issuer at: 
http://www.adr.it/web/aeroporti-di-roma-en-/azn-organizational-model.  
The current members of the Supervisory Body, appointed by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 6 
April 2022, are Mr. Alessandro De Nicola (Chairman), Ms. Elisabetta Busuito and Mr. Devan De 
Paolis.  
Independent Auditors 
The independent auditors ascertain whether the accounting records are properly maintained and 
faithfully record the results of operations. They also determine whether the statutory financial 
statements and the consolidated financial statements are consistent with the data contained in the 
accounting records and the results of their audits and whether they comply with the requirements of 
the applicable statutes. They may also perform additional reviews required by industry regulations 
and provide additional services that the board of directors may ask them to perform, provided they are 
not incompatible with their audit assignment. 
The Issuer’s current independent auditors are KPMG S.p.A., with registered office at Via Vittor 
Pisani, 25, 20124, Milan, Italy (“KPMG” or the “Independent Auditors”). 
KPMG is authorised and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (“MEF”) and 
registered on the special register of auditing firms held by MEF. The Independent Auditors’ current 
appointment was conferred for the period 2021 to 2029 by the shareholders’ meeting held on 27 April 
2021 and will expire on the date of the shareholders’ meeting convened to approve ADR’s financial 
statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2029.  
KPMG S.p.A. has been engaged to perform a limited assurance engagement on the 2024 sustainability 
statement prepared in accordance with article 4 of decree no. 125 of 6 September 2024, presented in 
the specific section of the Report on operations included in the 2024 Integrated Report, incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Internal Audit 
An internal audit function has been set-up within ADR. 
Internal committees 
ADR has also set up two internal committees engaged in sustainability and sustainable finance. 
The Sustainable Finance Committee prepares updates and/or new framework relating to sustainable 
finance instruments. It also monitors the compliance with the commitments provided by sustainable

--- Page 95 ---
78
 
 
finance instruments, validating the disclosure to the investors, examining reporting and promoting, 
where appropriate, corrective actions. 
The Sustainability Committee has the task of encouraging coordination between the various 
company departments and the top management in defining the Sustainability Plan and in monitoring 
and achieving its objectives. Active since April 2021, it also promotes relations with local and non-
local players and stakeholders, in order to integrate scientific and institutional requests, as well as 
ensuring constant comparison with other national and international best practices.

--- Page 96 ---
79
 
 
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK  
The ADR Group’s core businesses are heavily regulated and these regulations may affect the ADR 
Group’s operating profit or the way it conducts business. 
Although this summary contains all the information that the Issuer considers material in the context of 
the issue of the Notes, it is not an exhaustive account of all applicable laws and regulations. 
Prospective investors and/or their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and 
regulations applicable to the ADR Group and of the impact they may have on the ADR Group and any 
investment in the Notes and should not rely on this summary only. 
Overview 
With respect to the management of the Rome Airport System, ADR operates in a highly regulated 
environment and is subject to certain rules and regulations, including, inter alia, statutory provisions 
governing public utilities services and monopolies. In particular, ADR is required to operate in 
accordance with the Regulatory Framework (as defined below), regulations issued by Ente Nazionale 
per l’Aviazione Civile (the Italian civil aviation authority, “ENAC”) and other competent authorities, 
as well as any applicable international, European and national laws.  
The Italian aviation and airport management sector is governed by a series of international treaties and 
protocols, standards issued by the relevant international organisations, European Union directives and 
regulations, Italian laws, ministerial decrees and resolutions, ENAC regulations and ART (as defined 
below) decisions issued and amended over time, in addition to generally applicable laws and specific 
legislation, such as Royal Decree No. 327 of 30 March 1942 (Codice della Navigazione), as amended 
and supplemented (the “Navigation Code”), setting forth, inter alia, the duties and responsibilities 
with respect to airport management. 
The main international rules governing international civil aviation are set out in, inter alia, the 
international conventions, treaties  and protocols such as the Convention on International Civil 
Aviation (also known as Chicago Convention) signed on 7 December 1944, as amended, the Kyoto 
Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and the 2015 Paris 
Agreement and standards issued by the relevant international civil aviation organisations (of which 
ENAC is a member as representative of the Republic of Italy), such as, inter alios, the International 
Civil Aviation Organisation (“ICAO”), a United Nations agency which helps countries to cooperate 
together and share their skies to their mutual benefit. There is also extensive regulation at the EU 
level, including the treaty establishing the European Union, and the accompanying directives, 
regulations and decisions covering the various aspects of civil aviation, as well as “soft law” 
communications issued by the European Commission. 
With respect to Italian legislation, the Navigation Code sets forth the national regulatory framework 
of the civil aviation sector and the general principles governing the award of concessions for the 
management of Italian airports or airport systems. In particular, Article 704 of the Navigation Code 
provides that concessions can be awarded, upon ENAC’s proposal, for a period of up to forty years to 
a provider selected through a public tender. Concessions are awarded through a Decree issued by the 
Ministero delle infrastrutture e dei trasporti (the “MIT”) in agreement with the Ministero 
dell’Economia e delle Finanze (the “Ministry of the Economy and Finance” or the “MEF”) and, in 
the case of airports serving both civilian and military uses, in agreement also with the Ministero della 
Difesa (the “Ministry of Defence”). The award of concessions is subject to the execution of an 
agreement (convenzione) between ENAC and the company selected for the management of the 
relevant airport. Furthermore, ENAC and such company must enter into, within six months from the 
conclusion of the first financial year following the award of the concession, an economic regulation 
agreement (contratto di programma) implementing, with respect to investments, the regulations and 
requirements provided by the Comitato Interministeriale per la Programmazione Economica (the 
“CIPE”), currently the Comitato interministeriale per la programmazione economica e lo sviluppo 
sostenibile (the “CIPESS”).

--- Page 97 ---
80
 
 
Additional and/or specific legislation or regulations issued by the competent authorities may 
supplement the above general regulatory framework. 
ENAC 
ENAC was established in July 1997 by Legislative Decree No. 250/1997; it is the sole authority for 
technical regulation, certification, supervision, and control in the civil aviation sector in Italy, in 
accordance with the powers derived from the Navigation Code. It is subject to the guidance, 
supervision, and control of the MIT. 
ENAC, which has assumed the duties previously assigned to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation 
of the Ministry of Transport, the Italian Aeronautical Register, and the National Air People Agency, is 
responsible for safety and service quality control, supervision of the implementation of sector 
regulations, economic regulation and environmental protection. 
ENAC’s statutory purpose is to ensure the safety, security and quality of services rendered to the 
end-users of Italian airports, and the protection of passengers’ rights according to internationally 
agreed standards and applicable regulations. Safety requirements include, among others, safe 
planning, construction, maintenance and operation of aircraft, as well as the skill assessment of air 
carriers and in-flight personnel. Security requirements are aimed at safeguarding passengers, both on 
and off-board and within the grounds of the airports, and preventing illegal acts. 
ENAC is also entrusted with other powers, including taking preliminary steps in the awarding of 
concessions for the management of airports, to implement applicable economic regulations and to 
assess and supervise airport investment plans. ENAC is also involved at a national and international 
level in promoting greater cooperation on environmental protection matters. This is carried out 
through assessment activities aimed at limiting the environmental impact on airport grounds and the 
surrounding areas and reducing noise and air pollution caused by aircrafts. 
In relation to security matters, Italian Law Decree No. 101 of 31 August 2013, converted into Law 
No. 125 of 30 October 2013, as amended, has introduced new regulations on airport control services, 
granting ENAC the power to entrust the airport operator – in compliance with EU principles – with 
(a) the control services for airport personnel and the crews that access the “sterile” or “secure” areas 
through the terminals, (b) the control services for airport personnel and any other person accessing the 
“sterile” or “secure” areas through points other than the internal ones and (c) the control service for 
the vehicles that need to reach a “sterile” or “secure” area of the grounds, the access to which requires 
special checks. The services must be carried out according to the procedures envisaged by the national 
security programme and with the supervision of the police forces as set by the local security system. 
Any regulatory change with consequent higher charges for the airport operator must result in the 
inclusion in the fee of the costs related to the regulated services. 
ENAC’s headquarter is in Rome and its representative offices are located in all major Italian airports. 
The Independent Regulatory Authority  
Article 37 of Law Decree 201/2011, converted into law, with amendments, by Law No. 214 of 
22 December 2011 (“Law Decree 201/2011”) set up a new governmental body operating in the sector 
of infrastructures and transport (the so called Autorità di Regolazione dei Trasporti, “Transport 
Regulatory Authority” or “ART”).  The Authority was established within the framework of the 
public utilities regulatory bodies pursuant to Law No. 481 of 14 November 1995. The Transport 
Regulatory Authority started its activity on 17 September 2013. It is based in Turin at the “Lingotto” 
building. 
The Authority is an independent administrative authority and operates in full autonomy, in accordance 
with the EU legislation and in compliance with the subsidiarity principle and with the powers of 
regions and local authorities. It operates as a collegial body composed of the President and two 
Commissioners designated by Decree of the President of the Republic, upon decision of the Council

--- Page 98 ---
81
 
 
of Ministers and proposal of the competent Minister, and voted in by at least two-thirds of the 
members of the competent parliamentary committees. The President and the Commissioners have a 
seven-year non- renewable mandate. 
The Transport Regulatory Authority’s main mission is the economic regulation in the field of 
transport and access to related infrastructures and services. Further, ART is competent for defining the 
quality levels of transport services and the minimum content of the rights that may be claimed by 
users against infrastructure managers. The Authority reports annually to the Parliament highlighting 
the state-of-the-art of the liberalization measures which have been already adopted and those which 
remain to be defined. 
In 2019, Law No. 37 of 3 May 2019 (so-called European Law 2018) established the transfer of 
competences from ENAC to the ART with regard to the supervisory functions concerning airport 
charges also applicable to the program agreements under derogation. The supervision of the tariffs’ 
component of the program agreements has now been placed in the hands of ART; meanwhile ENAC 
will continue to fulfil the role of technical regulator, while providing certification, supervision and 
control in the field of civil aviation, assigned to it by law. Consequently, the new regulatory 
framework in force foresees that ART is responsible for setting fees for airport charges, security 
services, centralised infrastructure and fees for the use of designated airport areas and premises for the 
provision of aviation services, while ENAC is still responsible for setting charges and fees for those 
handling services provided under the monopoly. 
The Regulatory Framework – General 
Following the issue of a decree by the Italian Prime Minister on 21 December 2012 and the entering 
into of an additional deed aimed at implementing certain regulations and amendments requested by 
the Italian Government on 27 December 2012 (the “First Additional Deed”), the approval process of 
the “Agreement (Convenzione) for the management of the Rome airport system and Economic 
Regulation Agreement (Contratto di programma), pursuant to Article 17, paragraph 34-bis, of Italian 
law decree No. 78 of 1 July 2009, amended and converted into Italian law No. 102 of 3 August 2009, 
including the principles and criteria for its periodical update” (collectively defined, including any 
additional deed as described below, as the “Regulatory Framework”) between ADR and ENAC was 
completed. 
The Regulatory Framework includes provisions governing the management of the Rome Airport 
System (the “Concession”), which has replaced and superseded the Original Concession (as defined 
in the section headed “Description of the Issuer — History and Development — The Original 
Concession”), and the economic regulation and the tariff system (the Economic Regulation 
Agreement, or “ERA”) which contains some provisions which provide for derogation from CIPE’s 
Resolution No. 38/2007 in accordance with law No. 102 of 3 August 2009 for Italy’s main three 
airports (Fiumicino Airport being one of such airports). Furthermore, the Regulatory Framework sets 
forth (a) new detailed rules on the rights and obligations of ADR, (b) a revised investment plan and 
(c) a new formula for regulated charges and their adjustments. 
The main features of the Regulatory Framework are: 
 
transparency and stability in the applicable tariff framework for the whole concession period 
based on a full “dual till” system (as detailed below);  
 
clarity in the description of ADR’s rights and obligations with respect to its operation of the 
Rome Airport System for the whole concession period; and

--- Page 99 ---
82
 
 
 
the implementation of the investment plan approved by ENAC provided for in the Concession, 
which originally provided for approximately up to Euro 12 billion by 20441, subject to periodical 
updates. 
In particular, in order to encourage the development of the infrastructure of the Rome Airport System, 
the ERA introduced a long-term tariff system which, taking into account the prevailing European 
standards, is based on (i) the costs of the new and improved infrastructure, (ii) the costs of the services 
necessary to increase efficiency, (iii) criteria designed to fairly remunerate ADR for its investments in 
the Rome Airport System (without distinguishing between capital expenditures related to maintenance 
and those related to development) and (iv) providing tariff recalculation formulas valid for the 
residual term of the Concession. 
The Regulatory Framework – Second Additional Deed 
By a decree dated 31 January 2014, the Italian Prime Minister has approved the second additional 
deed to the Regulatory Framework entered into by ENAC and ADR on 23 December 2013 (the 
“Second Additional Deed”). Such Second Additional Deed has been entered into to replace Annex 9 
to the Regulatory Framework. The new Annex 9, dealing with tariff arrangements, provides for a 
different graduation of the fees on transit passengers with a corresponding rebalancing of the fees for 
outbound passengers.  
The Regulatory Framework – Third Additional Deed 
On 9 December 2014, ADR and ENAC entered into a third additional deed to the Regulatory 
Framework (the “Third Additional Deed”). Such Third Additional Deed has been entered into to 
integrate Annex 10 to the Regulatory Framework which deals with the selection of indicators to 
monitor progress on quality of service and environmental protection and relevant targets. The 
integration provides for a new set of parameters aimed at comparing the performance of Fiumicino 
and Ciampino Airports on quality of service with those of their European peers. 
Extension of the maturity of the Concession 
Article 202 of Italian Law Decree No. 34/2020 (the so-called Re-launch Law Decree), as amended 
and converted into Italian law No. 77 of 17 July 2020, with the inclusion of paragraph 1-bis, provides 
that "In view of the drop in traffic at Italian airports due to the epidemiological emergency caused by 
COVID19 and the measures adopted by the State and the regions to contain the contagion, in order to 
curb the consequent economic effects, the duration of concessions for the management and 
development of airport activities, in progress at the date of entry into force of the law converting this 
decree, is extended by two years".  
On 19 January 2021, ENAC confirmed that “the duration of the existing airport concession is to be 
considered, extended for additional 24 months from its respective expiry date”. The new stated 
maturity date of the Concession is therefore 30 June 2046. 
As a result, the concession fees posted under “Intangible assets” of the financial statements, which are 
amortised throughout the entire Concession, will be amortised with the use of constant rates 
determined by reference to the new expiry of the Concession. 
The Regulatory Framework – Fourth Additional Deed 
The fourth additional deed to the Regulatory Framework (the “Fourth Additional Deed”) was signed 
on 13 November 2023 and regulates the consequences of (i) article 10 of Italian law No. 37 of 9 
March 2019, which provided for the extension of the powers of the ART to the three airport operators 
that had signed with ENAC economic regulation agreements (ERA) in accordance with the provisions 
of article 17, paragraph 34-bis of Law decree No. 78/2009, converted into Law No. 102 of 3 August 
 
(1) Source: Schedule 2 of the Economic Regulation Agreement (contratto di programma) signed by ADR and ENAC.

--- Page 100 ---
83
 
 
2009 (ADR being one of such operators), and (ii) the subsequent adoption by ART of Resolution no. 
38/2023 providing for sector’s economic regulation model for those operators. As better described 
under “The Economic Regulation Agreement (the “ERA”) and tariff regulation” below, the Fourth 
Additional Deed offers substantial continuity to the pre-existing economic regulation framework (i.e. 
contents of Title II of the abovesaid ERA). 
The Concession – Main Concession Terms 
ADR obligations 
 
manage the Rome Airport System as a set of organised assets, activities and services, directly 
or indirectly, in relation to aviation activities; 
 
develop the Rome Airport System in compliance with transport policies and technical 
guidelines prescribed by the Italian regulatory authorities, and based on the principle of 
transparency and non-discrimination; 
 
submit the “Airport Development Plan” (including any subsequent adjustments, changes and 
updates to such plan) detailing the proposed development of the airport facilities and the 
relevant “Economic and Financial Plan”, which is subject to ENAC’s prior approval; 
 
develop the Rome Airport System in compliance with the aforementioned “Airport 
Development Plan” and “Economic and Financial Plan”, as approved by ENAC; 
 
provide, in a continuous, regular, impartial and non-discriminatory manner, certain airport 
services falling within its responsibility, including without limitation, cleaning services, waste 
disposal, snow removal, waste, water and drinking water treatment, lawn mowing, maintenance 
of work facilities and other complementary activities connected to the effective management of 
the Rome Airport System; 
 
comply with certain financial covenants throughout the period of the Concession and, in 
particular ensure that: 
o 
the maturity of ADR’s financial indebtedness is shorter than the residual duration of the 
Concession; 
o 
the ratio of operating cash flow to debt service (where the latter is defined as the fixed 
annual instalments, inclusive of interest and principal, necessary to repay ADR’s net 
financial indebtedness resulting from the latest approved annual accounts before the 
expiry of the Concession at its stated maturity date, assuming a market interest rate) 
based on the last approved financial statements, be not lower than 1.2:1; and 
 
provide for and maintain in its by-laws (i) measures aimed at preventing conflicts of interest of 
directors and (ii) special requirements of good standing and competence to be complied with by 
its directors. 
In accordance with the Concession, ADR is required to (i) maintain certain levels of quality for 
passenger services, as provided for in the Chart of Airport Standard Services (Carta dei servizi) 
referred to above, and (ii) submit to ENAC periodic updates containing data relating to the quality of 
such services. 
Furthermore, under the Concession, ADR is required to pay a concession fee determined on the basis 
of a formula which depends upon, inter alia, traffic volumes. Whilst the concession fee and its 
formula were in existence prior to the introduction of the Regulatory Framework, the fee amounts 
rose with new ERA (as defined below). Indeed, the ERA provides for a correlation between regulated 
revenue and the cost of regulated services which implies that the concession fee is in large part 
reflected in the higher level of regulated (aviation) charges.

--- Page 101 ---
84
 
 
Asset regime  
The Concession confers on ADR the exclusive right to use the areas, the properties and fixtures that 
form part of the Rome Airport System. For the entire term of the Concession, ADR is the “owner 
entity” pursuant to, and for the purposes of, the “Code of Traffic” (Codice della Strada) and the 
relevant regulations. The Concession provides that the work carried out by ADR within the airports, 
both internal and external, will remain under the ownership of ADR until the expiry (or, otherwise, 
termination) of the Concession. In addition, the work carried out by sub-concessionaires 
(subconcessionari) will remain under their ownership, until the expiry (or, otherwise, termination) of 
each respective sub-concession, subject to the provisions set forth in the contracts regulating such 
sub-concessionary relationships. For further information on sub-concessions, see “—Sub-concession” 
below. 
In the case of requirements expressed by the Italian public administrations and State entities, ADR 
shall, on the basis of a plan defined jointly with ENAC, identify and make available the premises and 
areas within the airport grounds to such public administration and State entities for the performance of 
their institutional duties relating to the management of aircraft, passengers and goods. 
Sub-concession 
Subject to ENAC’s authorisation, ADR may grant any sub-concession for the management of areas 
and premises intended to be used in connection with aviation activities. Following the expiry of a 30 
day period after submission of ADR’s request, if there is no reply from ENAC, the authorisation is 
deemed to be granted. Upon giving prior written notice to ENAC, ADR may also grant 
sub-concessions for the management of areas and premises intended to be used in connection with 
non-aviation activities, including, without limitation, commercial activities, logistics, and those 
activities aimed at the supply of utilities and services to public and private entities, in accordance with 
the utilisation plans approved by ENAC. 
In any event, each sub-concession relationship is required to (i) contain a clause providing that the 
sub-concessionaire be bound to comply with the Chart of Airport Standard Services (Carta dei 
servizi) and the rules and regulations applicable to the airport, (ii) be established for no longer than the 
term of the Concession and (iii) be terminated by operation of law in case of expiry, discontinuance 
due to termination, revocation or cancellation of the Concession. 
Furthermore, ADR is required to ensure that third parties operating within the airport pursuant to any 
sub-concession arrangement will take out adequate insurance policies against all risks connected with 
the performance of their activities within the airport, in compliance with the applicable ENAC 
instructions and regulations. 
Extraordinary transactions 
Certain extraordinary transactions involving ADR, such as, inter alia, mergers, de-mergers, transfers 
of businesses or specific business branches, changes in the registered office or corporate purpose, or 
upon any winding-up, will require the prior express approval of ENAC, provided that should a 60-day 
period from the submission of ADR’s request for authorisation lapse without any reply from ENAC, 
the authorisation is deemed to be granted. 
There are also additional limitations regarding the disposal by ADR of equity interests in its 
subsidiaries if certain financial covenants/parameters cannot be complied with. 
ENAC’s prior approval is also required for any transactions that could result in a change of control of 
ADR; however, such consent is not required for any transaction that could result in a change of 
control of the controlling entity of ADR i.e. an indirect change of control of ADR.

--- Page 102 ---
85
 
 
Early Termination of the Concession 
The Regulatory Framework sets out procedures for early termination of the Concession. In particular, 
the Regulatory Framework provides for (a) the revocation of the Concession for public interest 
reasons (revoca per ragioni di interesse pubblico) pursuant to Italian law, (b) the discontinuance upon 
termination of the Concession (cessazione del rapporto concessorio per risoluzione della 
convenzione) pursuant to Italian law and (c) the withdrawal of the Concession (decadenza dalla 
concessione) pursuant to Italian law, in each case as detailed further below. 
Revocation of the Concession for public interest reasons (Revoca per ragioni di interesse pubblico 
pursuant to Italian law) 
Upon the occurrence of valid public interest reasons (motivate esigenze di interesse pubblico pursuant 
to Italian law), and upon ENAC’s proposal, the Italian Minister of Infrastructure and Transport, in 
agreement with the Italian Minister of Economy and Finance, may issue an order of revocation of the 
Concession and appoint a commissioner/administrator, with such remit, responsibilities, powers and 
resources as deemed appropriate. The effectiveness of the inter-ministerial order is also subject to the 
payment by the new concessionaire taking over the Concession from ADR of a Compensation 
Payment (as defined below) to ADR within 30 months from the date on which the decree ordering the 
revocation of the Concession is enacted. 
Discontinuation of the Concession relationship due to termination of the Concession (Cessazione del 
rapporto concessorio per risoluzione della convenzione pursuant to Italian law) 
Each of ADR and ENAC, as the case may be, may declare the Concession terminated in the following 
cases: 
 
the procedure for the approval of the proposal amending the “Airport Development Plan” 
submitted, from time to time, by ADR, following changes in the legal framework or 
supervening needs relating to security, regularity of air transport or otherwise connected with 
the volume of traffic, is not completed within 180 days from its filing with ENAC; or 
 
following a change in the economic and financial viability of the last approved Economic and 
Financial Plan, due to force majeure events or other events beyond ADR’s responsibility or 
material changes to the legal framework, no agreement ensuring the economic and financial 
balance is reached between ENAC and ADR within 180 days from such change; or 
 
ADR and ENAC fail to reach an agreement with respect to the formulae to be used for the 
calculation of the levels of regulated charges in the subsequent 10-year regulation period; or 
 
new legal provisions in relation to the tariff system are enacted (a) introducing changes to (i) 
the treatment of revenues arising from non-regulated activities, to the effect that such revenues 
would be allocated, wholly or partially, to full or partial recovery of the costs of the regulated 
activities (so called “dual till” regime, as detailed further below) and (ii) the criteria for 
calculation of the regulatory asset base (value of the regulatory net invested capital, the 
“RAB”) and of the return on capital investments; and (b) imposing limitations on the 
profitability of regulated and/or non-regulated airport activities. 
ENAC is required to justify the discontinuation of the Concession to the MIT, which in turn is 
required to adopt, in agreement with the MEF, the order of discontinuation of the Concession. 
Within 60 days from the declaration of discontinuance, the MIT (in agreement with the MEF) shall 
appoint a commissioner/administrator, with such remit, responsibilities, powers and resources as 
deemed appropriate, and the procedures for the payment of the Compensation Payment (as defined 
below) by the entity replacing ADR in relation to the concession. As detailed above, the effectiveness 
of the inter-ministerial order is subject to the payment of the Compensation Payment (as defined

--- Page 103 ---
86
 
 
below), which must be paid to ADR also by the replacement provider within 30 months from the date 
of communication of the declaration of discontinuance of the Concession. 
Until the order of discontinuance of the Concession is effective, ADR shall continue managing the 
Rome Airport System. 
Withdrawal of the Concession (Decadenza dalla concessione pursuant to Italian law) 
Upon ENAC’s proposal, the MIT, in agreement with the MEF, may issue an order for the withdrawal 
of the Concession in the following circumstances: 
 
material and repeated breaches of the Navigation Code; 
 
material and repeated breaches of the security provisions, following the imposition of sanctions 
by ENAC; 
 
failure to meet the requirements for the applicable certification pursuant to the regulation for 
the construction and operation of the airports; 
 
further material delays in implementing the investments provided for in the “Technical 
Ten-year Document” (i.e., material delays which are unjustified and caused exclusively by 
ADR), following the imposition of sanctions by ENAC; 
 
a default is continuing notwithstanding sanctions imposed by ENAC; 
 
evidence that ADR is no longer capable of managing the Rome Airport System; 
 
more than 12 months’ delay in paying the concession fee; 
 
failure to submit the “Technical Long-term Investment Document” on time; 
 
abandonment, even partial, of the management of the Rome Airport System by ADR; and 
 
failure to meet the financial requirements as provided for in Annex 1 to the Regulatory 
Framework. 
Prior to submitting a formal request for an order of withdrawal of the Concession, ENAC is required 
to serve a notice of reprimand on ADR and shall determine, jointly with ADR, the measures to be 
adopted within no less than 90 days to remedy the situation. Should the default be continuing, in 
whole or in part, after the lapse of the 90 day period, a further grace period of not less than 60 days 
must be given by ENAC. Following the expiry of such grace period, should such default be 
continuing, ENAC shall submit its proposal for (i) the withdrawal of the Concession, (ii) the 
appointment of a commissioner/administrator (and the proposed remit, responsibilities, powers and 
resources thereof) and (iii) the procedures for the payment of the Compensation Payment (as defined 
below) also by the new manager taking over the concession. 
As is the case in the previous situations described above the effectiveness of the withdrawal of the 
Concession is subject to the payment of the Compensation Payment (as defined below) being made 
within 30 months from the date of the order of withdrawal. 
The Compensation Payment 
In case of (i) revocation of the Concession for public interest reasons (revoca per ragioni di interesse 
pubblico), (ii) discontinuation due to termination of the Concession (cessazione del rapporto 
concessorio per risoluzione della convenzione) or (iii) withdrawal of the Concession (decadenza dalla 
concessione), ADR is entitled in any such case to receive a compensation payment (the 
“Compensation Payment”) calculated applying the discounted unlevered free cash flow method on:

--- Page 104 ---
87
 
 
 
the discounted value of the proceeds from operations relating to regulated and non-regulated 
activities, which can be forecasted on the date of the inter-ministerial order for the period from 
the date of such order up to the expiry of the Concession (net of the relevant costs, charges, 
investments and taxes foreseeable in the same period). The nominal discount rate shall be equal 
to: 
o 
for cash flows relating to regulated activities, the real pre-tax rate of return allowed for 
calculations converted of regulated charges, consistently, into nominal post-tax rate; and 
o 
for cash flows relating to non-regulated activities, the nominal post-tax market 
remuneration rate of commercial activities having a similar profitability and risk profile; 
and 
 
the residual value of the RAB (expressed in nominal values in compliance with the regulatory 
accounting principles) and of the non-regulatory asset base (non-regulatory net invested capital 
expressed in the residual value in accordance with the regulatory accounting principles) 
forecasted on the expiry date of the Concession. 
The market return rate of non-regulated activities referred to above will be calculated by a national or 
international independent public entity jointly appointed by ENAC and ADR within 30 days from the 
adoption of the inter-ministerial decree of revocation, discontinuation or withdrawal of the 
Concession, as applicable. If the parties do not agree, an independent entity will be appointed by the 
International Arbitration Chamber of Paris, upon request of either party and with ADR bearing the 
relevant costs. 
The Compensation Payment determined pursuant to the foregoing formula shall be reduced, in any 
case, by a value corresponding to the cash flows, net of relevant costs, charges, investments and taxes, 
received by ADR during the management of the Concession, on the same conditions as set out in the 
Concession, from the date of the relevant inter-ministerial decree to the date of transfer of the 
management of the Rome Airport System, and further increased by: 
 
the taxes that ADR is required to pay upon the collection of the Compensation Payment; and 
 
the interest accruing on the Compensation Payment for the period from the date of adoption of 
the inter-ministerial decree to the date of payment, calculated at a rate equal to the average of 
the 3-month Euribor rates fixed at the beginning of each quarter of the period under 
examination, increased by 100 basis points. 
In case of withdrawal of the Concession, the Compensation Payment will be reduced by 10%, as a 
further penalty on ADR. In such limited circumstance and in addition to the foregoing reduction, 
ENAC will be entitled, pursuant to Article 1218 of the Italian Civil Code, to claim compensation for 
any damage caused by actions or omissions of or attributable to the concessionaire which led to the 
withdrawal of the Concession. 
Expiry of the Concession at its stated maturity date  
Upon the expiry of the Concession at its stated maturity date, the State Administration shall acquire 
the full property, free from burdens and limitations, of the buildings, fixed plants and other 
infrastructure realised by ADR or by third parties within the grounds of the airport (both internal and 
external), as well as any areas which have become part of the airport infrastructure following the 
enlargement of the airport grounds pursuant to the “Airport Development Plan”. 
Within 30 months from the original stated maturity date of the Concession, ADR is entitled to receive 
payment of the following amounts: 
 
with respect to the buildings and fixed plants constructed by ADR by means of its own 
resources, a refund of the invested capital not yet amortised, as reported in the relevant audited

--- Page 105 ---
88
 
 
accounts (contabilità analitica regolatoria certificata), limited to the portion of such assets 
assigned for the services subject to tariff regulation; 
 
with respect to buildings and fixed plants constructed by ADR by means of its own resources 
and intended for the performance of commercial activities, which as such are not subject to 
tariff regulation, a refund equal to the residual book value as reported in the relevant audited 
accounts (contabilità analitica regolatoria certificata), to the extent that ENAC has expressly 
declared in advance that they are necessary and has therefore authorised their realisation in 
view of their purposes related to the operation of the airports; 
 
with respect to movable properties and equipment acquired by ADR, the costs of which are 
admitted for charging purposes, a refund of the residual invested capital not yet amortised, as 
reported in the relevant audited accounts (contabilità analitica regolatoria certificata) 
submitted by ADR for the immediately previous financial year and in the assets book attached 
thereto; and 
 
with respect to works in progress, a refund to be calculated with sole regard to the expenses 
actually incurred by ADR on the aforesaid date, as reported in the work in progress statements 
issued by ADR (stato di avanzamento dei lavori). 
ADR has the right to receive, at the natural expiration of the concession, a fee equal to the residual 
value at that date of the investments made, as inferred from regulatory accounts, thus including 
revaluation for the inflationary trends actually occurred. 
ADR shall continue to carry on the ordinary management of the Rome Airport System until the 
management is transferred to the new manager. ADR is entitled to retain the cash flows relating to the 
management services provided from the Concession’s scheduled maturity date to the date of transfer 
of the Concession to the new manager. 
The Economic Regulation Agreement (the “ERA”) and tariff regulation 
Overview 
The ERA sets out principles and criteria defining the long-term tariff system and the rules of review 
that are applicable for the entire term of the Concession. 
The ERA clearly distinguishes between: 
 
regulated activities: the activities for which ADR is subject to regulatory oversight for the 
revenues it receives and for which ADR has agreed to charge airline customers in a transparent, 
non-discriminatory manner with reference to a standard “building-block” mechanism as 
described below; and 
 
non-regulated activities: activities that are not regulated, which include, inter alia, (i) 
sub-concessions or similar agreements otherwise making available commercial space and real 
estate to third parties, (ii) catering and restaurants, (iii) car parks, and (iv) advertising, and for 
which ADR is able to determine the related charges without any regulatory oversight. 
Broadly speaking, regulated activities, and therefore charges subject to regulation, are related, inter 
alia, to (i) passengers, (ii) landings and take-offs, (iii) aircraft parking and (iv) security. In addition, 
there is a mechanism for passing on the cost of additional regulatory measures in areas such as 
environment, safety, aviation legislation and licence control. 
The level of regulated charges is linked to allowable costs as allocated to regulated services under the 
logics of the unbundling (compiled as per the instructions of CIPE ruling 38/2007 and related 
guidelines issued by ENAC in 2008) so as to take account of the (i) operating costs incurred and (ii) 
depreciation charges and (iii) fair remuneration on capital invested for the provision of such services.

--- Page 106 ---
89
 
 
“Dual till” or “Single till” approach 
There are two approaches to the economic regulation of the provision of airport management services: 
namely the “dual till” and the “single till” systems. 
Under a “single till” approach both aviation and commercial airport activities are taken into 
consideration to determine the level of airport charges, whereas the “dual till” approach separates the 
regulated and non-regulated businesses and sets a “price cap” for the regulated business without 
consideration for the non-regulated business. 
The ERA applicable to ADR has adopted the “dual till” system as explicitly stated in Article 21.1 of 
the ERA. 
Regulation period 
For the purposes of determining the applicable regulated charges, the term of the ERA, which is equal 
to the term of the Concession, is divided into five-year tariff regulation periods (each a “Tariff 
Regulation Period”). 
In particular, during the financial year which is the last year of a Tariff Regulation Period ENAC and 
ADR shall define pursuant to Article 24.2 of the ERA with respect to the succeeding Tariff 
Regulation Period: 
 
the investments that ADR undertakes to carry out and correlated time schedule, the quality and 
environmental protection indicators in relation to which ADR undertakes to achieve sustainable 
annual improvement targets and the target values of the quality indicators; 
 
the regulated revenues aimed at guaranteeing to ADR the coverage of allowed management 
costs, additional charges that it will incur pursuant to the ERA and return on capital invested in 
regulated services and the traffic forecasts within the 5-year period.]  
ART’s new regulatory model 
On 23 March 2022 and 12 May 2022 ART issued, respectively, Resolutions No. 42/2022 and No. 
80/2022 opening a public consultation procedure for the sector’s economic regulation models, which 
was completed on 9 March 2023 with the publication of Resolution 38/2023 (the “ART Resolution 
38/2023”), which provided two new regulatory models (Model A for airports with more than one 
million passengers per year – applicable to ADR, and Model B for airports with less than one million 
passengers per year). 
ART requested new model’s rules were encompassed within the pre-existent contractual arrangements 
through additional deeds (i.e. for ADR the Fourth Additional Deed executed on 13 November 2023 
referred to above) including “adaptative measures” to comply with Article 21.3 of the pre-existing 
ERA, which envisages that changes in provisions shall not trigger an alteration of the economic-
financial equilibrium of the Concession. 
The new Model A, as implemented for ADR through the Fourth Additional Deed, operates in broad 
continuity with the pre-existing regulatory provisions and includes, among other things, the following 
features: 
 
Price cap – A “Price cap” method (“RAB-based”) with respect to the regulated aeronautical 
activities in a pure “Dual-Till” regime 
 
RAB – RAB evolution according to ex-ante inflation and actual capex deployment (Initial 
RAB for the current 2024-2028 regulatory period equal to around €2.4bn) 
 
WACC – Regulatory WACC defined before the starting of the consultation process as per 
ART annual update Resolution and applicable for the whole regulatory period (for the

--- Page 107 ---
90
 
 
current  2024-2028 regulatory period equal to 5.83% real pre-tax as per ART Resolution 
39/2023). 
 
Incremental returns – Incremental WACC equal to 100 additional basis points applicable to 
certain new investments (e.g. increase of airport capacity, technological innovation, 
safety/security, quality of services and environmental protection) if the same: (i) involve 
high risk factors; (ii) are not linked to legal obligations; and (iii) meet certain added-value 
criteria.  Certain approved projects under the previous regime will still benefit from 
incremental WACC up to 400 basis points. 
 
Opex allowances – Within 5-ys regulatory periods, operating cost allowances based on 
actuals in “base year”, projected annually to account for changes in traffic and traffic 
elasticity (linked to traffic Work Load Unit based on a 0.3x parameter), running inflation and 
an exogenous efficiency parameter (as calculated by ART and subject to consultation with 
users). 
 
Traffic risk: variations +/- in traffic compared to forecasts in consultations within a range 
to the agreed with users will be to the profit (+)/loss (-) of ADR (for the current  2024-2028 
regulatory period the threshold equals +/- 5% of cumulated forecasted traffic). In case of 
greater variations, higher revenue above threshold will be fully returned to the users in the 
subsequent regulatory period or lower revenue will be fully included in the allowed costs 
for calculation of regulated charges in the subsequent regulatory period.  
 
Quality/environmental bonus/malus system – Quality/environmental targets related to 
service quality and environmental standards - to be agreed with ENAC and to be 
presented in consultation to users can trigger an impact of up to +1%/-2% of regulated 
charges on over/under-achievements. 
 
Incentives – measures aimed at enhancing information and transparency on the incentive 
policies applied or to be applied at the airport during the regulatory period. 
 
Voting – The charges submitted for consultation with users (e.g. the airlines) are subject to 
a vote. Airlines vote according to their market share at the airport. If no agreement is 
reached on the new charges (e.g. airlines vote against the consulted proposal), the 
airlines may appeal to ART, which will activate a settlement procedure as foreseen in the 
Airport Charges Directive. 
ADR-regulated charges for the 2024-2028 regulation period 
The Transport Regulation Authority (ART), with resolution no. 83/24 of June 17, 2024, ascertained 
the compliance of the proposed revision of charges for the 2024-2028 period with regard to 
Fiumicino, approved by a majority during the consultation with users, albeit with the application of 
some corrective measures. 
The carrier Ryanair challenged ART resolution no. 83/24 to the Piedmont Regional Administrative 
Court, requesting its cancellation; the merit hearing is scheduled for June 17, 2025. 
ADR followed up on the corrective measures required by ART and, on December 18, 2024, with 
Resolution no. 185/24, ART therefore resolved, for Fiumicino airport, the definitive compliance of 
the ADR charges proposal with the regulation model approved by the Authority.  
2024-2028 charges are therefore effective at Fiumicino from June 21st 2024, with allowed revenue 
gap from January 1 st to June 21st to be recovered through 2025. 2024-2028 charges also include 
allowed revenues for concession rebalancing after the COVID crisis pursuant to traffic risk recovery 
mechanism provided under the previous regulatory model, as outlined in Annex C of the Fourth 
Additional Deed referred to above.

--- Page 108 ---
91
 
 
On the other hand, an agreement between the operator and users was not found for the proposal for 
Ciampino airport, in the consultation procedure of April 2024. 
Following the non-agreement and the publication (on April 19, 2024) of the tariff proposal on the 
ADR website, the carrier Ryanair DAC - on May 8, 2024 - submitted an application to ART for 
resolution of the dispute, as envisaged in the Models of the Authority.  
ART initiated the related proceedings, which ended on November 7, 2024 with resolution no. 
147/24. With this deed, ART resolved the compliance of the final proposal for the revision of airport 
fees for the 2024-2028 regulatory period for Ciampino airport, subject to the application of some 
corrective measures.  
In compliance with this resolution, ADR implemented the required corrective measures and also 
carried out a further consultation with Ciampino users - opened on December 31, 2024 and closed in 
March 28, 2025. On April 16, 2025, with Resolution no. 62/25, ART resolved, for Ciampino airport, 
the definitive compliance of the ADR charges proposal with the regulation model approved by ART. 
The application of the new charges at Ciampino airport will therefore take effect from June 1, 2025, 
with allowed revenue gap from January 1 st 2024 to June 1st 2025 to be recovered through 2025-
2028. 2024-2028 charges also include allowed revenues for concession rebalancing after the COVID 
crisis pursuant to traffic risk recovery mechanism provided under the regulatory model. 
The carrier Ryanair has challenged resolution no. 147/24 before the Piedmont Regional 
Administrative Court and the setting of a merit hearing is pending.

--- Page 109 ---
92
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will either be in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), with or without interest 
coupons attached, or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), without interest coupons attached. 
Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and Registered 
Notes will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S or otherwise in private 
transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note, without 
interest coupons, or a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, in each case as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Each Bearer Global Note which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Bearer Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the “Standards 
for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking 
system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In respect of the Notes in bearer form, the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the 
Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither TEFRA C Rules nor 
the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note without interest coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or 
in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery 
(free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or 
to the order of the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership,

--- Page 110 ---
93
 
 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the 
aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; 
provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes” and also specify that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that 
neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in 
whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes” and also specify that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the 
Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued 
in denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded 
in such amounts whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global 
Note, without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are 
integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in

--- Page 111 ---
94
 
 
global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may 
only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in 
denominations which represent the aggregate of a minimum denomination of €100,000 and integral 
multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof, provided that such denominations are not less than €100,000 
nor more than €199,000 or €99,000. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such 
denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal 
to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a 
Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a 
Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an 
integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated 
and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Principal Paying Agent within 60 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. Where the Notes are 
listed on Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the 
Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 18 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will 
consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the 
provisions of the applicable Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a global note in registered form 
(“Registered Global Notes”). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note 
may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, save as otherwise 
provided in Condition 2 (Transfers of Registered Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such 
Registered Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international 
debt securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it had 
assessed the new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs 
had designed in cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new 
structure (the “New Safekeeping Structure” or “NSS”) would be in compliance with the “Standards 
for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking 
system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and 
contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be held 
in NSS form would be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as at 30 June 2010 and 
that registered debt securities in global registered form held issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 would only be eligible as collateral in Eurosystem 
operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Note represented by a Registered Global Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Certificate 
which is not to be held under the NSS, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and the relevant Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary; or (b) in the case of a Registered Global Note to be held under the NSS, be registered in 
the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg

--- Page 112 ---
95
 
 
and the relevant Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case 
may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Notes in 
fully registered form. 
The Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set out therein and will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, premium, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global 
Notes will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register 
(as defined in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, any Paying 
Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to 
or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
Payments of principal, premium, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in 
definitive form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the 
Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 8(b) (Registered Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided 
in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (1) in the case 
of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so 
and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available, or (2) the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes which would not be required were the Registered Notes 
represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form or (3) such other event as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if an Exchange 
Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (2) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 15 days after the date on which the relevant 
notice is received by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note. No 
beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in 
each case to the extent applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set 
out therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions”.

--- Page 113 ---
96
 
 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further 
Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of 
Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11 
(Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any Note 
is still represented by a Global Note and a holder of such Note so represented and credited to his 
account with the relevant clearing system(s) gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless 
within a period of 15 days from the giving of such notice payment has been made in full of the 
amount due in accordance with the terms of such Global Note, holders of interests in such Global 
Note credited to their accounts with the relevant clearing system(s) will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by the relevant clearing 
system(s) on and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for 
the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal, premium or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the 
registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and its agents as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
For so long as any Bearer Notes are represented by Bearer Global Notes and such Bearer Global 
Note(s) is/are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, no selection of Notes to 
be redeemed will be required under Condition 7(e) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
at the option of the Issuer in the event that the Issuer exercises its option pursuant to such 
Condition 7(e) (Redemption, Purchase and Options – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and 
Exercise of Issuer’s Options) in respect of less than the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding at such time. In such event, the partial redemption will be effected in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion). 
Payment Business days 
Notwithstanding the definition of “business day” in Condition 8(g) (Non-Business days), while all the 
Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a 
Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the 
Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, “business day” means: (i) (in the

--- Page 114 ---
97
 
 
case of payment in euro) any day which is a TARGET Business Day and a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or (ii) (in the case 
of a payment in a currency other than euro) any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the currency of payment and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Notices 
Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system; except that for so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is also a requirement of applicable laws or regulations, 
such notices shall also be published on the Euronext Dublin’s website, https://live.euronext.com/, the 
Issuer’s website and, if any, through other applicable public announcements and/or regulatory filings 
pursuant to mandatory provisions of Italian law. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a 
legend to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon 
or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption 
of such Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) 
recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 115 ---
98
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) 
issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each series of Notes issued under the 
Programme (each a “Series”). The full text of these terms and conditions as so completed with the 
relevant provisions of the Final Terms (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered 
Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the Definitive Notes or 
Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by an amended and restated trust deed dated 17 April 2025 (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) between Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. (“ADR” or 
the “Issuer”, which expression shall include any company substituted in place of the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 12(e) (Substitution) or any permitted successor(s) or assignee(s)) and BNY 
Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons 
for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as 
defined below). These terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the forms of the Bearer Notes, 
Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An amended and restated agency agreement dated 
17 April 2025 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) has been 
entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon 
(acting out of its London Branch) as principal paying agent and The Bank of New York Mellon 
SA/NV, Luxembourg as registrar. The principal paying agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the 
transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the “Principal Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include 
the Principal Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which expression shall include 
the Registrar) and the “Calculation Agent(s)” (such Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents being 
together referred to as the “Agents”). 
Copies of, inter alia, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the relevant Final Terms are 
available for inspection, and copies are obtainable, by the Noteholders during normal business hours 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent save that (i) such Noteholder (or any person 
acting on its behalf) must produce evidence satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding 
of such Notes and of its identity (and, if acting on behalf of a Noteholder, of evidence satisfactory to 
the Principal Paying Agent as to its capacity as such) in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement and (ii) if a Note is an unlisted Note, the Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes. 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing 
Bearer Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the 
“Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of all of the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions 
applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), or in registered form (“Registered 
Notes”) in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis and 
Redemption/Payment Basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 116 ---
99
 
 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as 
provided in Condition 2(c) (Delivery of New Certificates), each Certificate shall represent the 
entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the 
Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be 
kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate 
representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be 
liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in 
whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a 
Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person 
in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have 
the meanings given to them herein or in the applicable Final Terms, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on 
such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and 
containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of 
part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a 
further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be 
made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be made 
available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(b) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of any redemption of the Notes at the option of the Issuer or Noteholders 
in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by 
a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the 
exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In 
the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same 
holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those 
Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued 
against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent.

--- Page 117 ---
100
 
 
In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of 
Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be 
issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(c) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a) (Transfer of Registered 
Notes) or 2(b) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered 
Notes) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the 
request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as defined in 
Condition 7(h) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholders’ Options)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the 
new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the 
Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for 
exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at 
the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as 
specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or 
otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to 
the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder 
requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of 
such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this 
Condition 2(c) (Delivery of New Certificates), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of 
an option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(e) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered 
(i) during the period of fifteen (15) days ending on the due date for redemption of that 
Note, (ii) during the period of fifteen (15) days prior to any date on which Notes may 
be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 7(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Options), (iii) after 
any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days 
ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge)) unsecured obligations of ADR and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and pari passu with all senior, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of ADR, save for such obligations as may be preferred by mandatory provisions of 
applicable law. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
neither the Issuer nor any Material Subsidiary shall create or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest (“Security”) upon the 
whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to secure any

--- Page 118 ---
101
 
 
Relevant Debt, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt, except for 
Permitted Encumbrances unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed (a) are secured equally and rateably 
therewith or benefit from a guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as 
the case may be, or (b) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other 
arrangement as (i) the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially less 
beneficial to the Noteholders or (ii) as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders.  
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular 
Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. The amount of 
interest payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Note for any period for which no Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified shall be calculated in accordance 
with Condition 5(g) (Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest 
Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional 
Redemption Amounts) below. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either 
shown in the applicable Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the applicable Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown in the applicable Final Terms as the Interest 
Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business

--- Page 119 ---
102
 
 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA 
Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating (I) unless “ISDA 2021 
Definitions” are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and 
updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (copies of which may be obtained from 
ISDA at www.isda.org); or (ii) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest 
version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, 
including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor 
thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of such Series, (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating 
Rate Option is based on the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the first day of that Interest Period or (ii) in 
any other case specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 120 ---
103
 
 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest 
Accrual Period in accordance with the following: 
(1) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Relevant Screen 
Page, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Reference Rate (where such Reference Rate on 
such Relevant Screen Page is a composite quotation 
or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates of the 
persons whose Reference Rates appear on that 
Relevant Screen Page, 
in each case appearing on such Relevant Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(2) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference 
Banks or if sub-paragraph (1)(I) applies and no Reference 
Rate appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph 
(1)(II) above applies and fewer than two Reference Rates 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting 
to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(3) 
if paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are so 
quoting Reference Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation 
Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of 
five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified 
Currency or, if the Specified Currency is euro, in the 
Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
“Principal Financial Centre”) are quoting at or about the 
Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would 
customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the 
Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified 
Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, 
or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) 
(II) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal

--- Page 121 ---
104
 
 
Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest 
determined on the previous Interest Determination Date 
(after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, 
Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which Rate of Interest is to be determined in respect 
of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which Rate of Interest is to be determined) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which Rate of Interest is to 
be determined), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall appoint an Independent 
Adviser to determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, 
and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid 
when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Zero Coupon Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such Zero Coupon Note shall be a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 7(b)(i) (Zero Coupon Notes)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) 
to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)).

--- Page 122 ---
105
 
 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts, Rate 
Multipliers and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(either (A) generally, or (B) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual 
Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of 
(A), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the 
case of (B), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by 
such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions 
(unless otherwise specified), (A) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(B) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (C) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), 
save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a 
formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such 
Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of 
interest payable is respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date 
or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it 
shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each 
Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if

--- Page 123 ---
106
 
 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if 
the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of 
the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all 
other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. If the Notes become 
due and payable under Condition 11 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the 
Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be 
calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 5(g) (Determination and 
Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts) but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee 
otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or any Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, the Trustee 
may (but shall not be bound to) do so or may (but shall not be bound to) appoint an 
agent on its behalf to do so and such determination or calculation shall be deemed to 
have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the Trustee shall apply the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(h) (Determination or Calculation by 
Trustee), with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its sole 
opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall 
deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such 
other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and 
one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the applicable Final 
Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting 
through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference 
Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the 
Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions 
to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be 
made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any 
other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The

--- Page 124 ---
107
 
 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark Replacement  
Notwithstanding the provisions in this Condition 5, if the Issuer or Calculation Agent 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Reference Rate, failing which an Alternative Reference Rate, and in each 
case an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than five Business Days prior 
to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the “IA 
Determination Cut-off Date”), for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5(j) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
if the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may 
determine an Alternative Reference Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) 
no later than three Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next Interest Period (the “Issuer Determination Cut-off 
Date”), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(j) during any other 
future Interest Period(s)). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the 
purposes of determining any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into account any relevant and 
applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or 
protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) in accordance with this Condition 5(j): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall replace the Original Reference Rate for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable): 
(1) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative

--- Page 125 ---
108
 
 
Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(j)); or 
(2)  
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread 
for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(j)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its 
discretion specify: 
(1) 
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market 
practice in relation to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), including, but not 
limited to (I) any Reference Banks, Additional Business 
Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant 
Financial Centre and/or Relevant Screen Page (all as defined 
in the Final Terms) applicable to the Notes and (II) the 
method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in 
relation to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; 
and 
(2) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably 
necessary to ensure the proper operation and comparability to 
the Original Reference Rate of such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), which 
changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5(j); and 
(D) 
promptly following the determination of (1) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (2) if applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes 
(and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 5(j)(iii)(C) to the Fiscal 
Paying Agent and, if applicable, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting 
the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) as described in this Condition 5(j) or such other relevant changes 
pursuant to Condition 5(j)(iii)(C), including any changes to these Conditions 
and the Agency Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate is not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 
5(j) prior to the relevant Issuer Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of

--- Page 126 ---
109
 
 
Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the 
fallback provisions of Condition 5(j).  
For the purposes of this Condition 5(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor Reference Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor 
Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(2) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Reference Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer 
determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) 
(3) 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest in respect of notes denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if such 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such 
rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 127 ---
110
 
 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(5) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 
Notes, in each case within the following six months; or 
(6) 
it has become unlawful (including, without limitation, under the BMR, if 
applicable) for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the Original Reference Rate. 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), (3) and (5), the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on the later of (i) the date which is six months prior to the date of the 
cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as 
the case may be and (ii) the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(1) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; or 
(2) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has 
been determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(j). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Reference Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(k) 
Step Up Option  
This Condition 5(k) (Step Up Option) applies to Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable (“Step Up 
Notes”). 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified above in this Condition 5 (Interest and Other 
Calculations) and in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if a Step Up Event has

--- Page 128 ---
111
 
 
occurred, then for the calculation of the Interest Amount with respect to any Interest 
Payment Date following the first Notification Deadline after the Reference Year, the 
Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the applicable Step Up Margin 
(such increase, a “Step Up”). 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Step Up Events shall 
apply in respect of each Series of Step Up Notes and the Step Up Margin applicable 
in respect of each such event.  
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Event and the related increase in 
the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Initial Margin (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) to be notified to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, 
and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as 
reasonably practicable after such occurrence and in no event later than the relevant 
Notification Deadline. Such notice shall be irrevocable. 
Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether 
a Step Up Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and each of the 
Trustee and any Agent shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(k) (Step Up Option) without further enquiry or 
liability. 
In this Condition: 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means, in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Initial Margin” means, in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the initial Margin 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Step Up Event” means the occurrence of one or more (i) Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Event and/or (ii) Scope 3 Emissions Event and/or (iii) Gender Diversity Percentage 
Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Step Up Margin” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
This Condition 6 (Premium Payment) applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable 
Final Terms indicates that the Premium Payment Condition is applicable (“Premium 
Payment Notes”). 
If a Premium Payment Trigger Event has occurred, the Issuer shall – without prejudice to any 
other amount payable, if any, on such Premium Payment Date pursuant to these Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms – pay in respect of the relevant Premium Payment Notes an 
amount equal to the applicable Premium Payment Amount on the relevant Premium Payment 
Date. 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Premium Payment Trigger 
Events shall apply in respect of each Series of Step Up Notes and the Premium Payment 
Amount applicable in respect of each such event. 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Premium Payment Trigger Event to be notified to 
the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the 
Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence and in no event later than 
the relevant Notification Deadline. Such notice shall be irrevocable.

--- Page 129 ---
112
 
 
Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a 
Premium Payment Trigger Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and 
each of the Trustee and any Agent shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6 (Premium Payment) without further enquiry or 
liability. 
In this Condition: 
“Premium Payment Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Premium Payment Date” means the date of payment of the Premium Payment Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Premium Payment Trigger Event” means the occurrence of one or more (i) Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Event and/or (ii) Scope 3 Emissions Event and/or (iii) Gender Diversity Percentage 
Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Note will be finally redeemed on the maturity date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the “Maturity Date”) unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final 
Terms, at its principal amount outstanding (the “Final Redemption Amount”). The 
Notes will have a minimum maturity of 12 months and one day. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
The early redemption amount payable in respect of the Notes (the “Early 
Redemption Amount”) shall be determined as follows. 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of 
Default) shall be the amount calculated as provided below (such 
amount, the “Amortised Face Value” of such Note). 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at 
a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield specified in the applicable Final Terms (which, if 
none is shown in the applicable Final Terms, shall be such rate as 
would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of 
the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 7(c) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 11 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in

--- Page 130 ---
113
 
 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have 
effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable 
were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, 
unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Zero 
Coupon Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be a made for a period of less than one year, it 
shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i)(A) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default), shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ notice to 
the Trustee and the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early 
Redemption Amount (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), 
if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that 
(i) it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under 
Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)), 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date (or the date 
that any successor to the Issuer following a Permitted Reorganisation assumes the 
obligations of the Issuer hereunder), and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking commercially reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than ninety (90) days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. Before the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee (A) a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the 
obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it and (B) a legal opinion in form and substance satisfactory to 
the Trustee and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate and such legal 
opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in 
(i) and (ii) above in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on all Noteholders 
and Couponholders. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders on the Occurrence of a Relevant Event 
(“Relevant Event Redemption”) 
If Relevant Event Redemption is stated to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
promptly and, if possible, within twenty-one (21) Business Days following the date

--- Page 131 ---
114
 
 
upon which the Issuer first has knowledge of a Relevant Event (as defined below), or 
a reasonable belief that a Relevant Event has occurred the Issuer shall give written 
notice thereof (a “Relevant Event Notice”) to the holders of all outstanding Notes in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), which Relevant Event Notice shall: 
(i) 
describe the facts and circumstances of such Relevant Event in reasonable 
detail; 
(ii) 
refer to this Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders on the 
Occurrence of a Relevant Event) and the rights of the holders of Notes 
hereunder; 
(iii) 
specify a date of redemption of the Notes (the “Relevant Event Redemption 
Date”), which shall be not less than thirty (30) days and not more than 
ninety (90) days after the date of such Relevant Event Notice; 
(iv) 
offer to redeem, on the Relevant Event Redemption Date, all Notes held by 
any holder, at the amount (the “Relevant Event Redemption Amount”) 
specified in the Final Terms, together with interest thereon to the Relevant 
Event Redemption Date; and 
(v) 
request such Noteholder to notify the Issuer in writing (by means of a 
Redemption Acceptance Notice) by a stated date (a “Relevant Event 
Response Date”), which date shall be not less than fifteen (15) days after the 
date of the Relevant Event Notice and not less than ten (10) days prior to the 
Relevant Event Redemption Date, whether it intends to accept such 
redemption offer. 
If a Noteholder does not notify the Issuer on or before the Relevant Event Response 
Date of such Noteholder’s acceptance of the redemption offer contained in the 
Relevant Event Notice, such Noteholder will be deemed to have waived its rights 
under this Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders on the 
Occurrence of a Relevant Event) in respect of such Relevant Event. 
On the Relevant Event Redemption Date, the entire principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes held by each Noteholder who has accepted the redemption offer contained 
in the Relevant Event Notice, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the 
Relevant Event Redemption Date, shall become due and payable. 
To accept a redemption offer by the Issuer in respect of a Note under this 
Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders on the Occurrence of a 
Relevant Event), the holder of a Bearer Note must deliver such Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent, on any day which is a day on which banks are open for 
business in London and in the place of the specified office before the Relevant Event 
Response Date, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice in the form 
available from each office of the Paying Agents (the “Redemption Acceptance 
Notice”). The Note must be delivered to the Paying Agent together with all Coupons, 
if any, appertaining thereto maturing after the Relevant Event Redemption Date, 
failing which deduction in respect of such missing unmatured Coupons shall be made 
in accordance with Condition 8(e) (Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). 
The Paying Agent to which such Note and Redemption Acceptance Notice are 
delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a 
“Redemption Acceptance Receipt”) in respect of the Note so delivered. Payment by 
the Issuer in respect of any Note so delivered shall be made, if the holder duly 
specified in the Redemption Acceptance Notice a bank account to which payment is 
to be made, by transfer to that bank account on the Relevant Event Redemption Date

--- Page 132 ---
115
 
 
and, in every other case, on or after the Relevant Event Redemption Date against 
presentation and surrender of such Redemption Acceptance Receipt at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent. A Redemption Acceptance Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable. For the purposes of these Conditions and the Trust Deed, Redemption 
Acceptance Receipts issued pursuant to this Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders on the Occurrence of a Relevant Event) shall be treated as if 
they were Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders on 
the Occurrence of a Relevant Event), a “Relevant Event” shall be deemed to occur if 
a Concession Event (as defined below) occurs and: 
(A) 
in the Issuer’s annual or semi-annual financial statements prior to the 
occurrence of the Concession Event, the revenues arising from or in 
connection with the Concession represented more than 40% of the 
Consolidated Revenues of the Group; and 
(B) 
at the time of the occurrence of the Concession Event, the Notes carry from 
any Rating Agency either: 
(1) 
an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or 
better), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within sixty 
(60) days of the occurrence of the Concession Event either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, 
or equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and is not within such sixty 
(60) day period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded 
to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency or (in the 
case of a withdrawal) replaced by an investment grade credit rating 
from any other Rating Agency; 
(2) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or 
worse), and such rating from any Rating Agency is, within sixty 
(60) days of the occurrence of the Concession Event, downgraded by 
one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and 
is not within such sixty (60) day period subsequently upgraded to its 
earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or 
(3) 
no credit rating, and no Rating Agency assigns within one hundred 
and eighty (180) days of the occurrence of the Concession Event an 
investment grade rating to the Notes, 
and in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant 
Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the 
Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the 
occurrence of the Concession Event. 
A “Concession Event” shall be deemed to occur if: 
(A) 
the Concession is revoked for public interest reasons (revoca per ragioni di 
interesse pubblico) pursuant to Italian law and such revocation becomes 
effective in accordance with its terms; or 
(B) 
the Concession is terminated (cessazione del rapporto concessorio per 
risoluzione della convenzione) pursuant to Italian law and such cessation 
becomes effective in accordance with its terms; or

--- Page 133 ---
116
 
 
(C) 
an order for withdrawal of the Concession (decadenza dalla concessione) 
pursuant to Italian law is issued and such withdrawal becomes effective in 
accordance with its terms. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Options 
If Call Option is stated to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice 
to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and on giving not less than fifteen (15) days’ irrevocable notice before 
the giving of the notice to the Noteholders, to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Trustee and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar, redeem 
all or, if so provided, only some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date 
specified in the Final Terms (“Call Option”). Any such redemption of Notes shall be 
at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such partial redemption must 
relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to 
be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the 
maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e) only, the Optional Redemption Amount will 
either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes stated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount which is the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or  
(b) 
as determined by any of the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of 
the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date) (not including any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption 
Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based 
on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap

--- Page 134 ---
117
 
 
year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the 
Redemption Margin, 
provided that, in respect of a redemption of Step Up Notes or Premium Payment 
Notes, as the case may be, and the calculation of the sum of the then current values of 
the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity (or, if Par Call 
Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date), the Rate of Interest, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Step Up Notes, or the Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Step Up 
Notes, or the Final Redemption Amount in the case of Premium Payment Notes shall 
be deemed to have increased by the relevant Step Up Margin or Premium Payment 
Amount, as the case may be, (in each case, from the date that would have been the 
Step Up Date or the Premium Payment Date, as the case may be, had a redemption of 
the Notes not occurred) unless the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition and/or the 
Scope 3 Emissions Condition and/or Gender Diversity Percentage Condition, as 
applicable, have been satisfied prior to the date on which the Issuer gives notice to the 
Noteholders of a redemption in accordance with this Condition 7(e). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given this Condition 7(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Options) shall be 
redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 7(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Options). 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes, shall 
specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such 
Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the 
Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
requirements. So long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and the rules of 
such stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has 
been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published on Euronext Dublin’s 
website, https://live.euronext.com/, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not 
surrendered. 
Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, from and including any 
Optional Redemption Date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes called for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
and Exercise of Issuer’s Options). 
As used in this Condition 7(e): 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” has the meaning given to it in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or any 
international credit institution or financial services institution or any other competent 
entity of recognised standing with appropriate expertise to be appointed by the Issuer; 
and

--- Page 135 ---
118
 
 
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to any of the Reference Dealers and the 
Optional Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market 
annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer 
outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement of any of the Reference 
Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third business day in London preceding the 
Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer by any of the Reference 
Dealers. 
(f) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes has been previously purchased and cancelled by the 
Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the “Clean-Up Call Option”) but subject to 
having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ notice to the 
Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(g) 
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
If the Issuer Maturity par Call Option (as defined herein) is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, at any time during the Par Call 
Period commencing on the Par Call Period Commencement Date, at its option 
(“Issuer Maturity par Call Option”), but subject to having given not less than thirty 
(30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the outstanding Notes.  Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) together 
with interest accrued and unpaid to the date fixed for redemption, provided that, in 
respect of a redemption of Premium Payment Notes, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be deemed to have increased by the relevant Premium Payment Amount (from 
the date that would have been the Premium Payment Date had a redemption of the 
Notes not occurred, unless the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 
Emissions Condition and/or Gender Diversity Percentage Condition, as applicable, 
have been satisfied prior to the date on which the Issuer gives notice to the 
Noteholders of a redemption in accordance with this Condition 7(g). 
As used in this Condition 7(g): 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” shall be as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options (“Put 
Option”) 
If Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption.

--- Page 136 ---
119
 
 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such 
Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any 
Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such 
Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with 
a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within 
the notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
(i) 
Notice of Early or Optional Redemption 
The Issuer will publish a notice of any early redemption or optional redemption of the 
Notes described above in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), and, if the Notes 
are listed at such time on Euronext Dublin, the Issuer will publish such notice on 
Euronext Dublin’s website, https://live.euronext.com/. 
(j) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying 
Agent for cancellation. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such 
Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the 
Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not 
be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Obligors in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged. Any Notes not so surrendered for cancellation may be reissued or 
resold. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal, premium and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject 
as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
premium, endorsement) of the relevant Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(e)(v) (Unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 8(e)(ii) (Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons)), as 
the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, 
by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means 
a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to T2.

--- Page 137 ---
120
 
 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be paid to the 
person shown on the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing 
system) on the day prior to the due date for payment thereof (the “Record 
Date”) and made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the 
Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Premium and interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown 
on the Register at the close of business on the Record Date. Payments of 
premium and interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant 
currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first 
named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. 
Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of premium or interest 
may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by 
the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable 
fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives to which the Issuer or its Agents may 
be subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of that Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto (“FATCA”). Notwithstanding anything in 
Condition 9 (Taxation) to the contrary, neither the Issuer nor any such Agent will be 
liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by FATCA or any 
directives or agreements implementing FATCA. No commissions or expenses shall 
be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.  
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents 
and the Calculation Agent (if any) initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and (subject to the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement) the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the 
approval (save in the circumstances described in the Agency Agreement) of the 
Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Principal Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in 
relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, 
(iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying 
Agents in at least two major European cities approved by the Trustee and (vi) such 
other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 138 ---
121
 
 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has 
become void pursuant to Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are 
to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note 
is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest 
or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be 
payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant 
Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued 
on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon 
sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further 
Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
(g) 
Non-Business days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall neither be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor 
to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
“business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation,

--- Page 139 ---
122
 
 
in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the applicable 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to 
be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the 
relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, premium and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within either Italy (or any jurisdiction of 
incorporation of any successor of the Issuer) or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax (each a “Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction”), unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received 
by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who: 
(i) 
would have been entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption and did not 
do so within the prescribed time period and/or in the prescribed manner; or 
(ii) 
is liable to such taxes or duties, assessments or governmental charges in 
respect of such Notes or Coupons by reason of his having some connection 
with a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, other than the mere holding of the Note 
or Coupon; or 
(b) 
more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder 
thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same 
for payment on such thirtieth day; or 
(c) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended from time to time, 
and related regulations which have been or may be enacted; or 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Italian Presidential 
Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as amended from time to time; or 
(e) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Italian Law Decree 
No. 512 of 30 September 1983, converted into Law No. 649 of 25 November 1983, as 
amended from time to time; or 
(f) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to FATCA or 
any law, regulation or agreement implementing or complying with, or introduced in 
order to implement FATCA. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means 
whichever is the later of (i) the date on which a payment in respect thereof first becomes due 
and payable or (ii) (if the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of any Notes due and 
payable on or before that date has not been duly received by the Paying Agents or the Trustee

--- Page 140 ---
123
 
 
on or prior to such date) the date on which notice that the full amount of such moneys has 
been received is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
References in these Conditions to “principal”, “premium” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to 
include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition 9 (Taxation) or any 
undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this 
purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
ten (10) years (in the case of principal and premium, if any) or five (5) years (in the case of 
interest) from the date on which the payment first becomes due in respect of them. 
Events of Default 
If the Trustee determines that in its sole opinion any of the following events (each an “Event 
of Default”) has occurred and is continuing, then the Trustee at its discretion may and, if so 
requested by holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding 
or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, provided that the Trustee has been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer that 
the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their principal amount 
together with accrued interest: 
(a) 
Non-Payment 
the Issuer fails to pay the principal, premium or interest on any of the Notes when due 
and such failure continues for a period of five (5) business days (in the case of 
principal or premium) and ten (10) business days (in the case of interest); or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations 
under the Notes or the Trust Deed and such default (i) is, in the sole opinion of the 
Trustee, incapable of remedy or (ii) being a default which is, in the sole opinion of 
the Trustee, capable of remedy, is not remedied within sixty (60) days (or such longer 
period as the Trustee may agree in writing) after notice of such default shall have 
been given to the Issuer by the Trustee. For the avoidance of doubt, failure to comply 
with the reporting requirements in connection with the Step Up Notes and/or the 
Premium Notes, the occurrence of a Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event and/or of a 
Scope 3 Emissions Event and/or a Gender Diversity Percentage Event will not 
constitute an Event of Default hereunder; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default 
(i) any other present or future Indebtedness (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity by reason of any event of default (however described), or (ii) any such 
Indebtedness (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) is not paid when due or, as 
the case may be, within any applicable grace period, or (iii) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any 
present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or 
raised (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) provided that no such event shall 
constitute an Event of Default so long as and to the extent that (A) the Issuer or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary is contesting in good faith, including, where applicable, 
in a competent court or before a competent arbitration panel, that the relevant 
Indebtedness or any such guarantee and/or indemnity is due and/or enforceable, as 
appropriate and/or (B) the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees

--- Page 141 ---
124
 
 
and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in 
this paragraph (c) have occurred is less than Euro fifty million (€50,000,000) in the 
aggregate (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings 
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out 
on or against all or a substantial part of the property, assets, receivables or revenues 
of the Group taken as a whole (other than any distress, attachment, execution or other 
legal process under or in connection with (i) the Concession, (ii) any Project Finance 
Indebtedness, (iii) a Permitted Reorganisation or (iv) any matter described in 
Condition 11(f) (Security Enforced) below) and in any such case, is not discharged or 
stayed within one hundred and eighty (180) days. For the purposes of this paragraph 
(d), “substantial part” means thirty five (35)% or more by value of the whole; or 
(e) 
Unsatisfied Judgment 
one or more judgment(s) or order(s) (in each case being a judgment or order from 
which no further appeal or judicial review is permissible under applicable law) for the 
payment of any amount in excess of Euro fifty million (€50,000,000) (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies), whether individually or in aggregate, 
rendered against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (other than in relation 
to Project Finance Indebtedness), becomes enforceable in a jurisdiction where the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is incorporated and continue(s) unsatisfied 
and unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the 
date therein specified for payment; or 
(f) 
Security Enforced 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (other than any mortgage, 
charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance securing Project Finance Indebtedness or 
any Permitted Encumbrances), present or future, created or assumed on or against all 
or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries becomes enforceable by reason of an event of default, 
howsoever described and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of 
possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person) in 
respect of any Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer in excess of Euro fifty million 
(€50,000,000) or its equivalent; or 
(g) 
Insolvency etc. 
(i) the Issuer being declared insolvent pursuant to Section 5 of the Royal Decree 
No. 267 of 1942, as subsequently amended, or, in case the Issuer is no longer 
organised in the Republic of Italy, being declared unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or the whole or any part of the 
undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer is appointed (or application for any 
such appointment is made unless such application is contested or stayed in good faith 
or dismissed within one hundred and eighty (180) days) or (iii) the Issuer takes any 
action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations (other than any 
agreement evidenced in writing amending the terms of any obligation entered into in 
the ordinary course of its business by the Issuer, in each case whilst solvent and in 
circumstances other than inability to pay debts and in which no event of default 
(howsoever described) has occurred) or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it; or

--- Page 142 ---
125
 
 
(h) 
Cessation of Business 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary ceases to carry on all or Substantially All of the 
business then being conducted by the Issuer or the Group taken as a whole (calculated 
on the basis of the Group’s consolidated total assets) otherwise than as a result of (i) a 
Permitted Reorganisation, (ii) the occurrence of a Relevant Event resulting from a 
Concession Event or (iii) the term of the Concession, whether or not renewed, 
expiring; or 
(i) 
Analogous Events 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events or circumstances referred to in sub-paragraphs (d), (e), 
(f) or (g) above. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution  
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters relating to the Notes, including, without limitation, the modification 
of any provision of these Conditions. 
(b) 
Modifications, consents and waivers 
(i) 
The Trust Deed contains provisions according to which the Trustee may, 
without the consent of the holders of the Notes at any time agree to any 
modification (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter) of these Conditions, 
the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed or any other document to which it is a 
party which is, in the sole opinion of the Trustee, proper to make if, in the 
sole opinion of the Trustee, such modification will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of holders of the Notes and to any modification of 
these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed or any other 
document to which it is a party if, in the sole opinion of the Trustee, such 
modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a 
manifest error. 
(ii) 
In addition, the Trust Deed contains provisions according to which the 
Trustee may, without the consent of the holders of the Notes, authorise or 
waive any proposed breach or breach of or give any consent or approval 
provided for in the provisions (other than a proposed breach or breach or 
consent or approval relating to the subject of a Reserved Matter) of the Notes, 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or any other document to which it is a 
party or determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such if, in 
the sole opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the holders of the Notes will 
not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
(iii) 
The Trustee shall be entitled to assume that the interests of the holders of the 
Notes will not be materially prejudiced by any such determination, 
modification, authorisation, waiver, consent or approval if confirmation is 
obtained from the Rating Agencies that the then current credit rating of the 
Notes (if any) or of the Issuer would not be adversely affected. 
(iv) 
The Issuer shall have the right, in its absolute discretion, and without 
obligation, at any time to increase the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the 
Gender Diversity Percentage Threshold with respect to the Notes. Notice of

--- Page 143 ---
126
 
 
any such increase shall be given promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (a “Threshold Increase 
Notice”), provided that this provision is without prejudice to, and 
autonomous from, the recalculation of the Relevant Value upon occurrence of 
a Recalculation Event. Any Threshold Increase Notice shall be unconditional 
and irrevocable (subject only to any subsequent Threshold Increase Notice 
further increasing the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or 
the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the Gender Diversity 
Percentage Threshold, if applicable) and shall specify the date on which any 
such increase is effective (the “Threshold Increase Effective Date”), which 
for the avoidance of doubt may be the date of the Threshold Increase Notice 
or such other date as may be specified.  On the relevant Threshold Increase 
Effective Date, the increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the 
Gender Diversity Percentage Threshold, as applicable, will be effective and 
binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
and the consent of the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall 
not be required.   
By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed 
to have agreed to, and accepted, any increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold 
and/or the Gender Diversity Percentage Threshold, as applicable, made in 
accordance with this Condition 12(b)(iv), without the need of any consent of 
the Noteholders, the Couponholders or the Trustee. 
(v) 
Furthermore, and without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12(b)(iv) 
above, the Issuer shall have the right, in its absolute discretion, and without 
obligation, at any time, subject to the provisions of this Condition 12(b)(v), to 
amend these Conditions and the applicable Final Terms to reflect any 
changes to the Issuer’s sustainability strategy which occur after the Issue 
Date of such Notes providing for, inter alia, additional events that may 
trigger the occurrence of a Step Up Event and/or the payment of a Premium 
Payment Amount and/or amendments to the definitions applicable to 
Condition 5(k) and/or Condition 6 (the “SLB Amendments”). For the 
avoidance of doubt, the increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold and/or the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and/or the 
Gender Diversity Percentage Threshold pursuant to Condition 12(b)(iv) 
above will not constitute SLB Amendments. Notice of any SLB Amendment 
shall be given promptly by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions according to which, at the request of the 
Issuer, the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any SLB 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental 
to or amending the Trust Deed) provided that, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
such SLB Amendment is not materially prejudicial to the interest of the 
holders of the Notes, and further provided that the Trustee shall not be 
obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way and further

--- Page 144 ---
127
 
 
provided that SLB Amendments resulting in additional sustainability targets 
shall, in each case, be deemed not be materially prejudicial to the interest of 
the holders of the Notes. 
No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting any SLB Amendment as described in this 
Condition 12(b)(v). Any SLB Amendment shall be binding on the Trustee, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders. By subscribing for, or purchasing, a 
Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed to, and accepted, any 
SLB Amendment effected in accordance with this Condition 12(b)(v). 
By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed 
to have agreed to, and accepted, any such amendments made in accordance 
with this Condition 12(b)(v) and the Trust Deed, without the need of any 
consent of the Noteholders or the Trustee. 
(vi) 
No consent of the Trustee, Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting any Recalculation Event as described in these 
Conditions. The effects of any Recalculation Event shall be binding on the 
Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. By subscribing for, or 
purchasing, a Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed to, and 
accepted, any Recalculation Event effected in accordance with these 
Conditions.   
(vii) 
At the request of the Issuer the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
amendment related to the occurrence of a Recalculation Event. 
(viii) 
Any authorisation, waiver, consent, approval, determination or modification 
made or given in accordance with these Conditions and the Trust Deed shall 
be binding on the Noteholders or Couponholders and unless the Trustee 
agrees otherwise, any such authorisation, consent, approval, waiver, 
determination or modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
 (c) 
Quorums and Majorities 
The Trust Deed contains provisions in relation to the convening of meetings, quorums 
and the majorities required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution in respect of the 
Notes which shall be subject to mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of 
Italy and the by-laws of the Issuer in force from time to time and as shall be deemed 
to be amended, replaced and supplemented to the extent that such laws, legislation, 
rules and regulations and the by-laws of the Issuer are amended at any time while the 
Notes remain outstanding: 
(i) 
a meeting of Noteholders may be convened by the board of directors (or other 
equivalent corporate body) of the Issuer, the Noteholders’ Representative (as 
defined below) or the Trustee and such parties shall be obliged to do so upon 
the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-twentieth of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes (subject, in the case 
of the Trustee, to it being indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its 
satisfaction). If the board of directors (or other equivalent corporate body) of 
the Issuer defaults in convening such a meeting following such request or 
requisition by the Noteholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, the statutory auditors

--- Page 145 ---
128
 
 
(or analogous body or supervisory body) shall do so, or if they so default, the 
same may be convened by decision of the competent court in accordance with 
Article 2367, paragraph 2, of the Italian Civil Code; 
(ii) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held if (A) in the case of a first 
meeting, there are one or more persons present, being or representing 
Noteholders holding at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes, or (B) in the case of a second meeting or any further 
meeting following adjournment for want of quorum, there are one or more 
persons present, being or representing Noteholders holding more than one 
third of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, provided 
that (1) the quorum shall always be at least one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes for the purposes of considering a Reserved 
Matter and (2) Italian law and/or the Issuer’s by-laws may in each case (to the 
extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide for a higher quorum; 
and    
(iii) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution will be (A) in case 
of a first meeting for voting on any matter, including a Reserved Matter, one 
or more persons holding or representing Noteholders holding at least one half 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; or (B) in case of 
a second meeting or any further meeting (1) for voting on any matter other 
than a Reserved Matter, one or more persons holding or representing 
Noteholders holding at least two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes represented at the meeting and (2) for voting on a Reserved Matter, 
one or more persons holding or representing Noteholders holding at least one 
half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, unless a 
different majority is required pursuant to Article 2369 the Italian Civil Code 
and provided that the Issuer’s by laws may in each case from time to time (to 
the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide for a larger 
majority. 
(d) 
Noteholders’ Representative 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the “Noteholders’ 
Representative”), subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, will be appointed 
pursuant to Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code. If the Noteholders’ Representative 
is not appointed by a meeting of such Noteholders pursuant to Article 2415 of the 
Italian Civil Code, the Noteholders’ Representative shall be appointed by a decree of 
the court where the Issuer has its registered office at the request of one or more 
Noteholders or at the request of the directors of the Issuer. The Noteholders’ 
Representative shall remain appointed for a maximum period of three years but may 
be reappointed again thereafter and shall have the powers and duties set out in 
Article 2418 of the Italian Civil Code. In no circumstances shall the Trustee be bound 
to accept to be appointed as Noteholders’ Representative. 
(e) 
Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree in circumstances 
including, but not limited to circumstances which would constitute a Permitted 
Reorganisation, subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other 
conditions as the Trustee may in its absolute discretion require, but without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of the Issuer’s 
successor, transferee or assignee or any subsidiary of the Issuer or its successor, 
transferee or assignee in place of the Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, 
as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes. In the case of such a

--- Page 146 ---
129
 
 
substitution, the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons 
and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change of the law governing the Notes 
would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. In addition, notice of any such substitution shall be given to Euronext 
Dublin and published in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and a supplement to 
the Programme shall be prepared.  
Enforcement 
Subject to any mandatory provisions of Italian law, at any time after the Notes become due 
and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such 
proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the 
Notes and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings unless (a) it 
shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution and (b) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. Subject to any mandatory 
provisions of Italian law, no Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the 
Issuer to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is 
continuing.  
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief 
from responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer 
and any entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority regulations, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in Ireland (in the 
case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or 
such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or 
Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further 
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
Trustee Protections 
In connection with the exercise, under these Conditions or the Trust Deed, of its functions, 
rights, powers, trusts, authorities and discretions (including but not limited to any 
modification, consent, waiver or authorisation), the Trustee shall have regard to the interests 
of the Noteholders as a class and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders, resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory. No Noteholders or Couponholders shall be entitled to claim from the 
Issuer or the Trustee, nor to require the Trustee to claim from the Issuer any indemnification 
or other payment in respect of any consequence (including any tax consequence) for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders of any such exercise.

--- Page 147 ---
130
 
 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in 
all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such 
further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of 
any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of 
their issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires 
otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition 17 (Further Issues) and 
forming a single series with the Notes. Any further securities forming a single series with the 
outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any 
deed supplemental to it shall, be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing and, so long as the Notes are 
listed on Euronext Dublin, shall be published on Euronext Dublin’s website, 
https://live.euronext.com/. 
Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published so long as the Notes are 
listed on Euronext Dublin, on Euronext Dublin’s website, https://live.euronext.com/. 
Notices will also be published by the Issuer (a) on its website and, (b) to the extent required 
under mandatory provisions of Italian law, through other appropriate public announcements 
and/or regulatory filings. 
If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly 
given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which 
publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 18 (Notices). 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies available to it, no person shall have any 
right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, 
the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law save for any mandatory provisions 
of Italian law relating to meetings of Noteholders and the Noteholders’ 
Representative. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that 
may arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and/or the Trust

--- Page 148 ---
131
 
 
Deed and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such 
courts and waived any objections to Proceedings in any such courts on the ground of 
venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient 
forum.  This Clause is for the benefit of the Noteholders and Couponholders and shall 
not limit their right to take Proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction of a 
Member State under the Brussels Ia Regulation (in accordance with its Chapter II, 
Sections 1 and 2) or of a State that is a party to the Lugano II Convention (in 
accordance with Title II, Sections 1 and 2), if and to the extent permitted by law. To 
the extent allowed by law, Noteholders and Couponholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of competent jurisdictions in accordance with this 
Condition 20(b), but not elsewhere. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20(b): 
“Brussels Ia Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the 
recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters, as 
amended; and 
“Lugano II Convention” means the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition 
and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters, signed on 30 October 
2007. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed The Law Debenture Corporate Services Ltd. as 
agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any 
Proceedings in England. 
Defined Terms  
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“ACA” means the Airport Carbon Accreditation programme; 
“ACA Rules” means the guidance, rules and manuals published by the ACA as of the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Notes; 
“Assurance Provider” means either (i) the external auditors of the Issuer from time to time 
appointed by the Issuer to audit the Issuer’s financial statements; (ii) an independent and 
external verifier of the performance level against each applicable SPT for each applicable KPI 
appointed 
by 
the 
Issuer; 
and/or 
(iii) 
an 
independent 
institution 
with 
environmental/social/sustainability expertise appointed by the Issuer; 
“Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting Requirements; 
“Fiumicino Airport” means the airport located in Fiumicino, Italy, managed by the Issuer 
under the relevant Concession; 
“BMR” means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014;

--- Page 149 ---
132
 
 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(b) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by 
the Eurosystem (“T2”) or any successor thereto is open (a “T2 Business Day”); 
and/or 
(c) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in 
the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres; 
“Concession” means the concession granted to the Issuer for the management, development 
and operation of the Rome airport system, or any other regulation pursuant to which ADR 
carries on the management, development and operation of the Rome airport system; 
“Consolidated Revenues” means, with respect to any date, the consolidated total revenues of 
the Group, as reported in the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the 
Group; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(a) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual — ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(e) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard 
to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of a 
Calculation Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of

--- Page 150 ---
133
 
 
the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month); and 
(f) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the 
first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of a Calculation 
Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month); and 
(g) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (A) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(B) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date; 
“Effective Date” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination 
Date relates; 
“Entity” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, foundation, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not 
having separate legal personality;  
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Union, as 
amended; 
“Gender Diversity Percentage” means the ratio (expressed as a percentage rounded to the 
nearest first decimal, with 0.05 rounded upwards) of (i) the number of females employed by 
Group entities as Middle and Senior Management Positions and (ii) the total number persons 
employed by Group entities as Middle and Senior Management Positions, in each case under 
(i) and (ii) above as of 31 December of each Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Reference Year), provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the 
Gender Diversity Percentage in each Reporting Year to reflect the occurrence of a 
Recalculation Event;

--- Page 151 ---
134
 
 
“Gender Diversity Percentage Condition” means the condition that: 
(i) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements in respect of any 
Reference Year by no later than the relevant Notification Deadline; and 
(ii) 
the Gender Diversity Percentage in respect of the Observation Period for any 
Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or 
greater than the Gender Diversity Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference 
Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met by the relevant Notification 
Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the 
Gender Diversity Percentage Condition in respect of such Reference Year; 
“Gender Diversity Percentage Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Gender 
Diversity Percentage Condition; 
“Gender Diversity Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a percentage 
rounded to the nearest first decimal, with 0.05 rounded upwards) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the 
Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a Threshold Increase Notice, such higher 
threshold as specified in such Threshold Increase Notice, provided that the Issuer may, acting 
in good faith, recalculate the Gender Diversity Percentage Threshold (including such higher 
threshold) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event. 
“Group” means ADR and its consolidated Subsidiaries from time to time; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for moneys borrowed or raised; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“KgCO2 per Passenger” means kilograms of carbon dioxide equivalent per each Passenger; 
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of ADR which accounts for more than 10% of 
the Consolidated Assets or Consolidated Revenues of the Group;

--- Page 152 ---
135
 
 
“Maturity Date” shall have the meaning set out in Condition 7(a) (Final Redemption); 
“Middle and Senior Management Positions” means persons qualified as middle 
management (quadro) or executives (dirigente), in accordance with the applicable labour 
contracts; 
“Noteholders’ Representative” has the meaning given it in the Trust Deed; 
“Notification Deadline” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any Reference Year), the period commencing on 1 January in the previous calendar year and 
ending on 31 December in the previous calendar year; 
“Passenger” means any persons carried on an aircraft with the exception of the flight crew 
and cabin staff operating the aircraft flight; 
“Permitted Encumbrance” means: 
(a) 
any lien arising by operation of law or required by the Concession; 
(b) 
any Security in existence on the Issue Date of each Series of Notes; 
(c) 
in the case of any Person which becomes a Material Subsidiary after the Issue Date of 
the Notes, any Security securing Relevant Debt existing over its assets at the time it 
becomes a Material Subsidiary provided that the Security was not created 
immediately prior to it becoming a Material Subsidiary in contemplation of or in 
connection therewith and the amounts secured have not been increased at such time;  
(d) 
any Security created in connection with convertible bonds or notes where the Security 
is created over the assets into which the convertible bonds or notes may be converted 
and secures only the obligations of the Issuer or any relevant Material Subsidiary to 
effect the conversion of the bonds or notes into such assets; 
(e) 
any Security securing Relevant Debt created in substitution of any Security permitted 
under paragraphs (a) to (d) above over the same or substituted assets provided that 
the principal amount secured by the substitute security does not exceed the principal 
amount outstanding and secured by the initial Security; and 
(f) 
any Security other than Security permitted under paragraphs (a) to (e) above directly 
or indirectly securing Relevant Debt, where the principal amount of such Relevant 
Debt (taken on the date such Relevant Debt is incurred) which is secured or is 
otherwise directly or indirectly preferred to other general unsecured Indebtedness of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be, does not exceed in 
aggregate ten (10)% of the Consolidated Assets; 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means: 
(a) 
in relation to any Material Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any: 
(A) 
“fusione” or “scissione” (such expressions bearing the meanings 
ascribed to them by the laws of the Republic of Italy) or any other, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, consolidation, demerger 
(whether in whole or in part) or other similar arrangement; or

--- Page 153 ---
136
 
 
(B) 
contribution in kind, conveyance, sale, assignment, transfer, lease of, 
or any kind of disposal of all or any of its assets or its going concern; 
or 
(C) 
purchase or exchange of its assets or its going concern, whether or 
not effected through a capital increase subscribed and paid up by 
means of a contribution in kind; or 
(D) 
lease of its assets or its going concern, 
whereby all or Substantially All of its assets and undertaking (as evidenced in 
its latest audited financial statements (consolidated, if available)) are 
transferred, sold contributed, assigned or otherwise vested in (1) the Issuer, 
(2) any Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Issuer and/or (3) any Subsidiary or 
Subsidiaries of a Material Subsidiary; or 
(ii) 
a sale, demerger, contribution or other disposal of all or Substantially All of 
the relevant Material Subsidiary’s assets (as evidenced in its latest audited 
financial statements (consolidated, if available)) whilst solvent to any Person 
on commercial arm’s length terms; 
(b) 
in relation to the Issuer: 
(i) 
any 
(A) 
“fusione” or “scissione” (such expressions bearing the meanings 
ascribed to them by the laws of the Republic of Italy) or any other, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, consolidation, demerger 
(whether in whole or in part) or other similar arrangement; or 
(B) 
contribution in kind, conveyance, sale, assignment, transfer, lease of, 
or any kind of disposal of all or any of its assets or its going concern; 
or 
(C) 
purchase or exchange of its assets or its going concern, whether or 
not effected through a capital increase subscribed and paid up by 
means of a contribution in kind; or 
(D) 
lease of its assets or its going concern, 
whereby all or Substantially All of its assets and undertaking (as evidenced in 
its latest audited financial statements (consolidated, if available)) are 
transferred, sold contributed, assigned or otherwise vested in one or more 
body corporates which assume(s) or maintain(s) (as the case may be) the 
liability as principal debtor in respect of the Notes; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
“Project” means any project carried out, directly and/or indirectly, by an Entity pursuant to 
one or more contracts for (a) the ownership, acquisition (in each case, in whole or in part), 
development, design, construction, upgrading, operation and/or maintenance of any asset(s) 
(including, without limitation, concessions granted by public entities and authorities), 
infrastructure or businesses reasonably related thereto, incidental thereto or in furtherance 
thereof and/or (b) the ownership and/or acquisition (in each case, in whole or in part) of any 
interest or equity participations in, or shareholder loans to, one or more Entities, directly 
and/or indirectly, holding and/or managing such assets, infrastructure or concessions and/or

--- Page 154 ---
137
 
 
operating such businesses, where any member of the Group has an interest in the Entity 
(whether alone or together with other partners) and any member of the Group finances and/or 
refinances the investment required in the Project with Project Finance Indebtedness, 
shareholder loans and/or its share capital or other equity contributions; 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means indebtedness where the recourse of the creditors 
thereof is limited to any or all of (a) the relevant Project (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the concession(s) or assets related thereto and the cash flows arising therefrom), (b) the 
share capital of, or other equity contribution to, the Entity or Entities developing, financing or 
otherwise directly or indirectly involved in the relevant Project, (c) the proceeds deriving 
from the enforcement of any security taken over all or any part of the assets relating to the 
Project (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest or equity participations in the 
relevant Entity or Entities holding, directly and/or indirectly, the relevant assets or 
concessions and/or operating the relevant business) and (d) other credit support (including, 
without limitation, completion guarantees and contingent equity obligations) customarily 
provided in support of such indebtedness;  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Rating Agency” means any of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors 
Service España S.A. (Sociedad Unipersonal) or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, or any of their 
successors; 
“Recalculation Event” means, in relation to each of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount, 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the Scope 
3 Emissions Amount, Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold, 
the Gender Diversity Percentage and/or the Gender Diversity Percentage Threshold (each, a 
“Relevant Value”) the occurrence of any of the following events or circumstances which (x) 
accounts for 5 per cent. or more of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount and/or Scope 3 
Emissions Amount in any Observation Period or (y) determines a variation of 5 per cent. or 
more on the Gender Diversity Percentage in any Observation Period: 
(i) 
any change in sustainability reporting or sustainability regulations that impacts the 
Relevant Value (including, without limitation, updated emission factors, improved 
data access or updated calculation methods or protocols); or 
(ii) 
a correction of a data error or a correction of a number of cumulative errors; or 
(iii) 
any change of the Group’s activity scope or the Group’s perimeter as a result of 
acquisitions, mergers or divestments, any acquisition, expiration or loss of 
concessions or the outsourcing or insourcing of business activities; or 
(iv) 
any change in a law or regulation that impacts the Relevant Value, 
(the date of occurrence of each of the above, the “Recalculation Date”), 
provided that, in each case, (a) the Issuer has confirmed in the SLB Progress Report relating 
to the Reporting Year during which the relevant Recalculation Date falls that in its opinion, 
the relevant recalculation of the Relevant Value is not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the holders of the Notes and (b) an Assurance Provider (which may be different from the 
entity appointed to issue the Assurance Report for the relevant Reporting Year) appointed by 
the Issuer reviews any recalculation of the Relevant Value and confirms that (1) it is 
consistent with the Issuer’s sustainability strategy and (2) it is in line with the initial level of 
ambition of, or more ambitious than, the original Relevant Value.

--- Page 155 ---
138
 
 
As of the relevant Recalculation Date, the updated Relevant Value shall replace the original 
Relevant Value and any reference to the Relevant Value in these Conditions thereafter shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the updated Relevant Value, it being understood that in the 
absence of such confirmation by an Assurance Provider the original Relevant Value shall 
continue to apply. By subscribing or purchasing the Notes, a Noteholder shall be deemed to 
have consented and to have irrevocably authorised the Issuer to make any such recalculation 
without the prior consent or consultation of the Noteholders; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as the case may be, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount; 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if none, four major banks selected by the Issuer in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with 
the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone); 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR as specified on the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Year” means the calendar year(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future Indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, or other securities that are for the time being, or are intended to be, 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange or any other securities market 
(including any over-the-counter market), except that in no event shall indebtedness in respect 
of any Project Finance Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity of the same) be 
considered as “Relevant Debt”;  
“Relevant Event” shall have the meaning set out in Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders on the Occurrence of a Relevant Event); 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial 
centre as may be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the 
case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, London; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters EURIBOR01 
(“Reuters”)) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or such other 
page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on 
such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction” shall have the meaning set out in Condition 9 (Taxation); 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in 
the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no time is 
specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to 
determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the 
interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre or, if no such customary local time exists, 
11.00 hours in the Relevant Financial Centre and for the purpose of this definition “local 
time” means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 
Brussels time;

--- Page 156 ---
139
 
 
“Reporting Requirements” means in respect of each Observation Period for any Reporting 
Year, the requirement that the Issuer publishes on its website, and in accordance with 
applicable laws: 
(i) 
(a) the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage and Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold; (b) the then current Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, Scope 3 
Emissions Amount, Scope 3 Emissions Percentage and Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold; (c) the then current Gender Diversity Percentage and Gender Diversity 
Percentage Threshold, as well as in each case under (a), (b) and (c) above, the 
relevant calculation methodology (including any recalculation as a result of a 
Recalculation Event), all as indicated in its sustainability-linked bond progress report 
(the “SLB Progress Report”); 
(ii) 
a limited assurance report issued by an Assurance Provider (the “Assurance Report”) 
in respect of (a) the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount and Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage; (b) the then current Scope 3 Emissions Amount and Scope 3 
Emissions Percentage; (c) the then current Gender Diversity Percentage, in each case 
under (a), (b) and (c) above as specified in the relevant SLB Progress Report 
(including any recalculation thereof as a result of a Recalculation Event). 
In order to comply with the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 Emissions 
Condition and/or Gender Diversity Percentage Condition, the SLB Progress Report and the 
Assurance Report will be published no later than the Notification Deadline in respect of each 
applicable Reference Year; 
“Reporting Year” means, for any Series of Step Up Notes and Premium Payment Notes, 
each calendar year, commencing with the calendar year in which such Notes are issued, up to 
and including the latest Reference Year for such Notes; 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to amend the Conditions in accordance with Article 
2415, paragraph 1, item (2) of the Italian Civil Code, including, without limitation, any 
proposal: 
(a) to change any date fixed for payment of principal, premium or interest in respect of the 
Notes, to reduce or cancel the amount of principal, premium or interest payable on any 
date in respect of the Notes or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such 
payment; 
(b) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of 
the Notes into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other 
person or body corporate formed or to be formed (other than as permitted under 
Clause 13 of the Trust Deed); 
(c) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(d) to change or waive any provision set out in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) and any 
definition directly or indirectly used therein; 
(e) to change or waive any Event of Default and any definition directly or indirectly used 
therein;

--- Page 157 ---
140
 
 
(f) to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, provided that a change made to comply with mandatory laws, 
legislation, rules and regulations of Italy and the Issuer’s by-laws applicable to the 
convening of Meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution and entered into force at any time while the Notes remain outstanding does not 
constitute a Reserved Matter for the purpose of this definition; or 
(g) to amend this definition, 
provided that (i) any increase of Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold or Scope 3 
Emissions Percentage Threshold made in accordance with Condition 12(b)(iv) and (ii) any 
SLB Amendment effected in accordance with Condition 12(b)(v) shall not constitute a 
Reserved Matter; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions” means, collectively: 
(i) 
direct carbon dioxide emissions from sources owned, controlled or operated by the 
Group with respect to the Fiumicino Airport, as defined by the ACA Rules (the 
“Scope 1 Emissions”); and 
(ii) 
indirect carbon dioxide emissions from electricity, energy and heat purchased or 
acquired by the Group and used in its operations with respect to the Fiumicino 
Airport, as defined by the ACA Rules (the “Scope 2 Emissions”); 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount” means, in tCO2, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions calculated in 
good faith by the Issuer in respect of any Observation Period, confirmed by an Assurance 
Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report, provided that the 
Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount in each 
Reporting Year to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline” means 74,743 tCO2, being the sum of Scope 1 
Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions for the period beginning on 1 January 2019 and ending on 
31 December 2019, provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 
and 2 Emissions Baseline to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition” means the condition that: 
(i) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements in respect of any 
Reference Year by no later than the relevant Notification Deadline; and 
(ii) 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage in respect of the Observation Period for any 
Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or 
greater than the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of such 
Reference Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) above are not met by the relevant 
Notification Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to 
satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Condition in respect of such Reference Year; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Condition; 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emission Percentage” means, in respect of any Observation Period, the 
percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount for such Observation Period are reduced in comparison to 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, confirmed by 
an Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report;

--- Page 158 ---
141
 
 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a 
percentage) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant 
Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a 
Threshold Increase Notice, such higher threshold as specified in such Threshold Increase 
Notice, provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold (including such higher threshold) to reflect the occurrence of 
a Recalculation Event. 
“Scope 3 Emissions” means in KgCO2 per Passenger, indirect carbon dioxide emissions 
during landing and take-off (up to 3,000 feet), including taxiing operations, of aircrafts 
arriving to, or departing from, the Fiumicino Airport. For the avoidance of doubt, Scope 3 
Emissions do not include the carbon dioxide equivalent emissions of aircrafts during the 
cruise phase and related to any other “on the ground” activity; 
“Scope 3 Emissions Amount” means in KgCO2 per Passenger the Scope 3 Emissions as 
calculated in good faith by the Issuer in respect of each Observation Period, confirmed by an 
Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report, provided 
that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 3 Emissions Amount to reflect 
the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
“Scope 3 Emissions Baseline” means 9.0 KgCO2 per Passenger, corresponding to the Scope 
3 Emissions for the period beginning on 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2024, 
provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 3 Emissions Baseline 
to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
“Scope 3 Emissions Condition” means the condition that: 
(i) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements in respect of any 
Reference Year by no later than the relevant Notification Deadline; and 
(ii) 
the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage in respect of the Observation Period for any 
Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or 
greater than the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of such 
Reference Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met by the relevant Notification 
Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the Scope 
3 Emissions Condition in respect of such Reference Year; 
“Scope 3 Emissions Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the Scope 3 Emissions 
Condition; 
“Scope 3 Emissions Percentage” means, in respect of any Observation Period, the 
percentage (rounded to the nearest first decimal, with 0.05 rounded upwards) by which Scope 
3 Emissions Amount for such Observation Period are reduced in comparison to the Scope 3 
Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, confirmed by an Assurance 
Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
“Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) 
or, if applicable, from the Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice, such higher threshold as specified in such Threshold Increase Notice, provided that 
the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold 
(including such higher threshold) to reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event; 
“SLB Progress Report” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting 
Requirements;

--- Page 159 ---
142
 
 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the 
relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii) 
(Business Day Convention); 
“Subsidiary” means, in respect of any Entity at any particular time, any company or 
corporation in which:  
(a) 
the majority of the votes capable of being voted in an ordinary shareholders’ meeting 
is held, directly or indirectly, by the Entity; or 
(b) 
the Entity holds, directly or indirectly, a sufficient number of votes to give the Entity 
a dominant influence (influenza dominante) in an ordinary shareholders’ meeting of 
such company or corporation, 
as provided by Article 2359, paragraph 1, No. 1 and 2 of the Italian Civil Code; 
“Substantially All” shall mean a part of the whole which accounts for eighty per cent. (80%) 
or more; and 
“tCO2” means tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent.

--- Page 160 ---
143
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (“EUWA”), or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of English law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments 
(Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018. Consequently, no key information document required by 
the PRIIPS Regulation as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 161 ---
144
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
AEROPORTI DI ROMA S.P.A. 
[Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) [•]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions (the “Conditions”) set out in the Base Prospectus dated 17 April 2025 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●] read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and] 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].   
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [at 
www.adr.it] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from 
[address]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with [insert description of 
relevant Series] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [22] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
[(iv)] 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
 
  
To be included only if the Notes are to be admitted to listing on the official list, and to trading on the regulated market, of Euronext 
Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 162 ---
145
 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof, up to and including [●].] No Notes in 
definitive 
form 
will 
be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination above [●]. 
(Not to be less than Euro 100,000 or its 
equivalent in other currencies) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up 
Option]] 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate[, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
10. 
Relevant Event Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
 
[Call Option] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
13. 
Date of competent corporate body’s 
approval for issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●]  
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 163 ---
146
 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option]  
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is] [●] per cent. per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specify other] 
[N.B.: This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(applicable to Notes in definitive form 
only) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(applicable to Notes in definitive form 
only) 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step Up 
Option] 
(i) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (ii) below] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(iii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]

--- Page 164 ---
147
 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[●] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
● 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR]  
● 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
● 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
● 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
● 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
● 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
● 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
● 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
● 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] 
● 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
● 
Applicable Benchmark: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
● 
Fixing Day: 
[●] 
● 
Fixing Time: 
[●] 
● 
Additional terms relating 
to 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[The Initial Margin is] [+/-][●] per cent. per 
annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 165 ---
148
 
 
 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
17. 
Step Up Option 
[Applicable, the Notes constitute Step Up Notes 
/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
(ii) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and] [Gender Diversity 
Percentage Event] 
(iii) 
Scope 
1 
and 
2 
Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant 
Reference Year if more than one Reference Year 
is included]], subject to increase as specified in a 
Threshold Increase Notice in accordance with 
Condition 12(b)(iv) 
(iv) 
Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant 
Reference Year if more than one Reference Year 
is included]], subject to increase as specified in a 
Threshold Increase Notice in accordance with 
Condition 12(b)(iv) 
(v) 
Gender 
Diversity 
Percentage 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant 
Reference Year if more than one Reference Year 
is included]], subject to increase as specified in a 
Threshold Increase Notice in accordance with

--- Page 166 ---
149
 
 
Condition 12(b)(iv) 
(vi) 
Step-Up Margin(s): 
[[●] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of 
[●]]] 
[set out additional Step-Up Margins in case of 
multiple Step-Up Events] 
(vii) 
Notification Deadline: 
[●] 
18. 
Premium Payment Condition 
[Applicable, the Notes constitute Premium 
Payment Notes/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Reference Year(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
(ii) 
Premium Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Premium Payment Event(s): 
[Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Event] [and] [Scope 3 
Emissions Event] [and] [Gender Diversity 
Percentage Event] 
(iv) 
Scope 
1 
and 
2 
Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant 
Reference Year if more than one Reference Year 
is included]], subject to increase as specified in a 
Threshold Increase Notice in accordance with 
Condition 12(b)(iv). 
(v) 
Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant 
Reference Year if more than one Reference Year 
is included]], subject to increase as specified in a 
Threshold Increase Notice in accordance with 
Condition 12(b)(iv). 
(vi) 
Gender 
Diversity 
Percentage 
Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant 
Reference Year if more than one Reference Year 
is included]], subject to increase as specified in a 
Threshold Increase Notice in accordance with 
Condition 12(b)(iv). 
(vii) 
Premium Payment Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence 
of [●]]] 
[set out additional Premium Payment Amounts in 
case of multiple Premium Payment Events] 
(viii) 
Notification Deadline: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 167 ---
150
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
(Either a specified amount or an 
election that redemption should 
be calculated as a Make-Whole 
Amount) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Make-Whole 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) falling [on [●]/any date from, and 
including, the Issue Date to but excluding 
[●]]/[and] [[●] per Calculation Amount in the 
period (the “Par Call Period”) from and 
including [insert date] (the “Par Call Period 
Commencement Date”) to but excluding [date]] 
[and [[●] per Calculation Amount] [in the case of 
the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on 
[●]/in the period from and including [date] to but 
excluding [date]] 
(iii) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[●] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Reference Bond: 
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
nominal 
amount of Notes which 
may be redeemed: 
[●] 
(b) 
Maximum 
nominal 
amount of Notes which 
may be redeemed 
[●] 
(vii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
20. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Par Call Period: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Par Call Period Commencement 
Date: 
[●] 
22. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 168 ---
151
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
23. 
Relevant Event Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[(i) 
Relevant 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event 
of 
default 
or 
other 
early 
redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes]: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
(In relation to any Notes issued with a 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent), the 
Global Note shall only be exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances of 
(1) closure of the ICSDs; and (2) default of the 
Issuer) 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
[Registered Global Note registered in the name of 
a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]]

--- Page 169 ---
152
 
 
27. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
26.  
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No] 
29. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on Euronext 
Dublin of the Notes described herein pursuant to the €3,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Aeroporti di Roma 
S.p.A. 
 
 ................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 170 ---
153
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing 
[Euronext Dublin]/[None]  
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin from [the Issue Date].] 
[Application is expected to be made for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin with effect from [●].]/[Not 
Applicable.]  
 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
series with the existing issue of [●][●] per cent. 
Notes due [●] on [●].] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are not expected to be rated]/[The 
Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]: 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
Option 1 - CRA is established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
Option 2 - CRA is established in the EEA but 
CRA is not registered under the CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
Option 3 – CRA is not established in the EEA 
but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the CRA

--- Page 171 ---
154
 
 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA but the rating it has given to the Notes 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
Option 4 - CRA is not established in the EEA 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the 
CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA but is certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
Option 5 – CRA is neither established in the 
EEA nor certified under the CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA and is not certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. 
 
Option 6 - Insert the following with respect to 
UK CRA, as applicabile: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).]/ [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] / [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by

--- Page 172 ---
155
 
 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of 
the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. 
3. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER – USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
[General 
corporate 
purposes, 
including, 
without limitation, capital expenditures and 
investments in accordance with the Regulatory 
Framework]/ [●] 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[●]] 
 
4. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement:) 
[“Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” and 
“General Information – Dealers transacting with the Issuer”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price and the fixed rate of 
interest for such Notes. It is not an indication of 
future yield or any premium payable in respect of 
the Notes.] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]/[●].] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided 
by [●]. [As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the “EU 
BMR”). [As far as the Issuer is aware, [●] 
does/do not fall within the scope of the EU BMR 
by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] / [the

--- Page 173 ---
156
 
 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
BMR apply], such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
[As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the FCA pursuant 
to [Article 36] (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK BMR”). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [●] does/do not fall within the scope of the 
UK BMR by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation] / [the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the UK BMR apply], such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the United 
Kingdom, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
[FISN Code: 
[[See/[●], as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
[CFI Code: 
[[See/[●], as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Give name(s) and number(s)]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent 
(if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common

--- Page 174 ---
157
 
 
safekeeper] [include for Registered Notes held in 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(C) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[●] 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 175 ---
158
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURES 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of 
any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, 
regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. Neither the Issuer nor any other party to 
the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating 
to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the 
facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-Entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services 
including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities 
and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with 
domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial 
relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between 
their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through 
or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require 
that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to 
transfer Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability 
to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, transfers directly or indirectly through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the 
relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the 
Principal Paying Agent and any custodian with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been 
deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date three business days 
after the trade date (T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such 
transfers. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants 
and accountholders of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no 
obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be 
discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or any Dealer will be 
responsible for any performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct 
or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and

--- Page 176 ---
159
 
 
procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial interests.

--- Page 177 ---
160
 
 
TAXATION 
Italian Taxation 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the principal Italian tax consequences of the 
purchase, the ownership, the redemption and the disposal of the Notes. 
This is a general overview that does not apply to certain categories of investors and does not purport 
to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. It does not discuss every aspect of Italian taxation that may be 
relevant to a Noteholder if such Noteholder is subject to special circumstances or if such Noteholder 
is subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
This overview also assumes that the Issuer is resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, is 
structured and conducts its business in the manner outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes in the 
Issuer’s organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in which it conducts its business may 
invalidate this overview. This overview also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is 
at arm’s length. 
Where in this overview, English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the 
meaning to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the 
equivalent Italian concepts under Italian tax law. 
This overview assumes that the Notes are listed on a regulated market or on a multi-lateral trading 
platform of any EU Member State or of a State party to the European Economic Area which is 
included in the white list provided for by the Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as most 
recently amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and as may be further amended by future 
decrees issued pursuant to Article 11 paragraph 4 (c) of Decree 239 (the “White List Countries”). 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in the Republic of Italy as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, 
which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The Issuer will not update this overview to 
reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs the information in this overview could become 
invalid.  
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
overall tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are 
resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and 
disposing of the Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Interest on the Notes 
Notes qualifying as bonds or securities similar to bonds 
Decree 239 regulates the income tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including any 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price, hereinafter collectively referred to as 
“Interest”) deriving from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to article 44 of Italian Presidential Decree 
No. 917/1986, as amended and supplemented (“ITC”) issued, inter alia, by: 
(a) 
companies resident of Italy for tax purposes, whose shares are traded (negoziate) on a 
regulated market or on a multi-lateral trading platform of any EU Member State or of a State 
party to the European Economic Area which is included in the White List Countries; or 
(b) 
companies resident of Italy for tax purposes, whose shares are not listed as indicated above, 
provided that the notes are listed on the aforementioned regulated markets or platforms or, if

--- Page 178 ---
161
 
 
not traded in the aforementioned market or multilateral trading facility, when such notes are 
held by "qualified investors" (investitore qualificato) as defined in Article 2, letter e) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, pursuant to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a) thereto and 
pursuant to article 100 of the Legislative Decree 24 February 1998, No. 58 (“Consolidated 
Financial Act”). 
For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities issued in bulk that (i) incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal/face value or 
principal amount (valore nominale);  that (ii) do not allow any direct or indirect participation either in 
the management of the issuer or in the business in connection with which they have been issued, nor 
any control on such management, and (iii) do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked 
to the profits of the issuer, or other companies belonging to the same group or to the business in 
respect of which the securities have been issued. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder, who is the beneficial owner of the Notes, is (i) an individual not 
engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are effectively connected, (ii) a non-commercial 
partnership, pursuant to Article 5 of ITC (with the exception of a general partnership, a limited 
partnership and similar entities), (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution or trust (except 
for a company or Italian resident investment fund), or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate 
income taxation, Interest payments relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, 
are subject to a substitutive tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26% (either 
when the Interest is paid by the Issuer, or when payment thereof is obtained by the Noteholder on a 
sale of the relevant Notes). All the above categories are qualified as “net recipients” unless the Italian 
resident Noteholder has opted for the application of the “Risparmio Gestito” regime, see paragraph 
“Capital Gains” below. 
The imposta sostitutiva may not be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. In the event 
that the Noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
If the Notes are held by an investor engaged in a business activity and the Notes are effectively 
connected with the same business activity, the Interest is subject to the imposta sostitutiva and is 
included in the relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the Interest is subject to the ordinary 
income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. 
Pursuant to the Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is levied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (“SIMs”), società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), fiduciary companies, stock 
exchange agents and other entities identified by the relevant Decrees of the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance, as subsequently amended and integrated (the “Intermediaries”). 
An Intermediary, in order to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva, must satisfy the following 
conditions: 
(i) 
it must be: (a) resident in Italy; or (b) a permanent establishment in Italy of an intermediary 
resident outside of Italy; or (c) an organisation or company non-resident in Italy, acting 
through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the 
Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (which includes Euroclear 
and Clearstream) having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239; 
and 
(ii) 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the 
purpose of the application of imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of the Notes includes any 
assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the 
ownership of the relevant Notes or of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited.

--- Page 179 ---
162
 
 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, imposta sostitutiva is applicable and 
withheld by any Italian bank or any Italian intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder. If Interest on 
the Notes is not collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no 
imposta sostitutiva is levied, the Italian resident Noteholders, as a general rule, will be required to 
include Interest in their annual income tax return and will be subject to a final substitutive tax at a rate 
of 26%. 
The imposta sostitutiva regime described herein does not apply in cases where the Notes are held in a 
discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorised intermediary pursuant to the so-called 
discretionary investment portfolio regime (Risparmio Gestito regime as defined and described in 
“Capital Gains”, below). In such a case, Interest is not subject to imposta sostitutiva but contributes to 
determine the annual net accrued result of the portfolio, which is subject to an ad-hoc substitutive tax 
of 26% on the results. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt from any 
income taxation, including imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to certain eligible financial 
instruments if the latter are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law.  
The imposta sostitutiva also does not apply to the following subjects, qualified as “gross recipients”, 
to the extent that the Notes and the relevant coupons are deposited in a timely manner, directly or 
indirectly, with an authorised Intermediary: 
(A)  
Corporate investors 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a corporation or a similar commercial entity 
(including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected), Interest accrued on the Notes must be included in: (I) the relevant 
Noteholder’s yearly taxable income for the purposes of corporate income tax (“IRES”), 
generally applying at the current ordinary rate of 24% ; and (II) in certain circumstances, 
depending on the status of the Noteholder, also in its net value of production for the purposes 
of regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”), generally applying at the rate of 3.9% 
(certain categories of taxpayers, including banks, financial entities and insurance companies, 
are subject to higher IRAP rates). The IRAP rate can be increased by regional laws up to a 
certain threshold. Said Interest is therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation 
according to the ordinary rules; 
(B)  
Investment funds 
Italian investment funds (including a Fondo Comune d’Investimento, or a SICAV, or an 
Italian resident “società di investimento a capitale fisso” (“SICAF”), other than a Real Estate 
SICAF, to which the provisions of Article 9(2) of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 
apply, collectively, the “Funds”), with the Notes deposited with an authorised Intermediary, 
are neither subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Funds. 
Proceeds payable by the Funds to their quota-holders is generally subject to a 26% 
withholding tax; 
(C)  
Pension funds 
Pension funds (subject to the tax regime set out by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 
of 5 December 2005, the “Pension Funds”), with the Notes deposited with an authorised 
Intermediary, are subject to a 20% substitutive tax on their annual net accrued result. Interest 
on the Notes is included in the calculation of such annual net accrued result. Subject to certain 
conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest 
relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20% substitutive tax if the

--- Page 180 ---
163
 
 
Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian 
law; and 
(D)  
Real estate investment funds 
Interest payments in respect of the Notes to Italian resident real estate investment funds 
established pursuant to Article 37 of Consolidated Financial Act and to SICAFs to which the 
provisions of Italian Law Decree No 351 of 25 September 2001, as amended and 
supplemented, apply (the “Real Estate Investment Funds”) and to Italian resident “società 
di investimento a capitale fisso” (“SICAFs”) and deposited with un authorised Intermediary 
are generally subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of 
the same Real Estate Investment Funds. Unitholders are generally subject to a 26% 
withholding tax on distributions from the Real Estate Investments Funds. Law Decree No. 70 
of 13 May 2011 (converted with amendments by Law No. 106 of 12 July 2011) has 
introduced certain changes to the tax treatment of the unitholders of Real Estate Investment 
Funds, including a direct imputation system (tax transparency) for certain non-qualifying 
unitholders (e.g. among others, Italian resident individuals) holding more than 5% of the units 
of the fund. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
An exemption from imposta sostitutiva on Interest on the Notes is provided with respect to certain 
beneficial owners resident outside of Italy, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected. In particular, pursuant to the Decree 239 the aforesaid exemption 
applies to any beneficial owner of an Interest payment relating to the Notes who: (i) is resident, for tax 
purposes, in a White List Country; or (ii) is an international body or entity set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in the Republic of Italy; or (iii) is the Central 
Bank or an entity also authorised to manage the official reserves of a country; or (iv) is an institutional 
investor which is established in a White List Country, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer 
in its own country of establishment (each, a “Qualified Noteholder”). 
The exemption procedure for Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy and are resident in a White 
List Country identifies two categories of intermediaries: 
(i) 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or 
financial institution to be EU resident) (the “First Level Bank”), acting as intermediary in the 
deposit of the Notes held, directly or indirectly, by the Noteholder with a Second Level Bank 
(as defined below); and 
(ii) 
an Italian resident bank or certain other specific financial institutions, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or certain other specific financial institutions, 
acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the Notes appointed to maintain direct relationships, 
via electronic link, with the Italian tax authorities (the “Second Level Bank”). Organisations 
and companies non-resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of 
securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy 
and Finance (which include Euroclear and Clearstream) are treated as Second Level Banks, 
provided that they appoint an Italian representative (an Italian resident bank or SIM, or 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or certain other specific financial 
institutions, or a central depositary of financial instruments pursuant to Article 80 of 
Consolidated Financial Act) for the purposes of the application of Decree 239. 
In the event that a non-Italian resident Noteholder deposits the Notes directly with a Second Level 
Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank. 
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for the Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy is 
conditional upon:

--- Page 181 ---
164
 
 
(i) 
the status of effective beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes (if the 
Noteholder is an institutional investor not subject to tax, the Noteholder itself is deemed to be 
the beneficial owner); 
(ii) 
the deposit of the Notes, either directly or indirectly, with an institution which qualifies as a 
Second Level Bank; and 
(iii) 
the submission in due time to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank of a statement of 
the relevant Noteholder (autocertificazione), to be provided only once, in which it declares 
that it is eligible to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement must 
comply with the requirements set out by a Ministerial Decree dated 12 December 2001, is 
valid until withdrawn or revoked and needs not to be submitted where a certificate, 
declaration or other similar document for the same or equivalent purposes was previously 
submitted to the same depository. The above statement is not required for non-Italian resident 
investors that are international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international 
agreements entered into force in the Republic of Italy or Central Banks or entities also 
authorised to manage the official reserves of a State. 
Additional requirements are provided for “institutional investors”. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident Noteholder to timely comply with the procedures set forth in Decree 
239 and the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
Interest to such non-Italian resident Noteholder. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva may be reduced (generally to 10%) or 
eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to 
timely filing of the required documentation provided by Measure of the Director of the Italian 
Revenue Agency No. 2013/84404 of July 10, 2013. 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are neither deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) nor in the category of 
shares (azioni) or securities similar to shares (titoli similari alle azioni) are subject to a withholding 
tax, levied at the rate of 26%. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt from any 
income taxation on interest relating to the Notes qualifying as atypical securities if the latter are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) a non-Italian resident person, (ii) an Italian resident individual not holding 
the Notes for the purpose of carrying out a business activity, (iii) an Italian resident non-commercial 
partnership, (iv) an Italian resident non-commercial private or public institution, (v) a Fund, (vi) a 
Real Estate Investment Fund, (vii) a Pension Fund, (viii) an Italian resident investor exempt from 
Italian corporate income taxation, such withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) an Italian resident individual carrying out a business activity to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, (ii) commercial partnership, (iii) an Italian resident corporation or a 
similar Italian commercial entity (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to 
which the Notes are effectively connected), (iv) an Italian resident commercial private or public 
institution, such withholding tax is an advance withholding tax. 
In case of non-Italian resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the

--- Page 182 ---
165
 
 
Notes are effectively connected, the above-mentioned withholding tax rate may be reduced (generally 
to 10%) or eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, 
subject to timely filing of the required documentation. 
Capital Gains 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (the “Decree 461”) a 26% capital gains 
tax (the “CGT”) is applicable to capital gains realised on any sale or transfer of the Notes for 
consideration or on redemption thereof by Italian resident individuals (not engaged in a business 
activity to which the Notes are effectively connected), regardless of whether the Notes are held 
outside of Italy. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and unpaid 
up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the purchase price and 
the sale price, respectively. 
With regards to the CGT application, taxpayers may opt for one of the three following regimes: 
(a) 
Tax return regime (“Regime della Dichiarazione”) 
The Noteholder must assess the overall capital gains realised in a certain fiscal year, net of 
any incurred capital losses, in his annual income tax return and pay the CGT so assessed 
together with the income tax due for the same fiscal year. Losses exceeding gains can be 
carried forward into the following fiscal years up to the fourth following fiscal year. Since this 
regime constitutes the ordinary regime, the taxpayer must apply it to the extent that the same 
does not opt for any of the two other regimes; 
(b) 
Non-discretionary investment portfolio regime (“Risparmio Amministrato”) 
The Noteholder may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realised on each sale or 
transfer of the Notes. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes 
being deposited with banks, SIMs or other authorised intermediaries and (ii) an express 
election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime being made in writing by the relevant 
Noteholder. The Risparmio Amministrato lasts for the entire fiscal year and unless revoked 
prior to the end of such year will be deemed valid also for the subsequent one. The 
intermediary is responsible for accounting for the CGT in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or transfer of the Notes, as well as in respect of capital gains realised at the 
revocation of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred capital losses. The intermediary is 
required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder of the 
Notes , by deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the 
Noteholder. Where a particular sale or transfer of the Notes results in a net loss, the 
intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains subsequently realised on assets held by 
the Noteholder with the same intermediary and within the same deposit relationship, in the 
same fiscal year or in the following fiscal years up to the fourth following fiscal year. The 
Noteholder is not required to declare the gains in his annual income tax return, and therefore 
no disclosure of investment needs to be made to the Italian Tax Authorities; and 
(c) 
Discretionary investment portfolio regime (“Risparmio Gestito”) 
If the Notes are part of a portfolio managed by an Italian asset management company, capital 
gains are not subject to the CGT, but contribute to determine the annual net accrued result of 
the portfolio. Such annual net accrued result of the portfolio, even if not realised, is subject to 
an ad-hoc 26% substitutive tax, which the asset management company is required to levy on 
behalf of the Noteholder. Any losses of the investment portfolio accrued at year end may be 
carried forward against net profits accrued in each of the following fiscal years, up to the

--- Page 183 ---
166
 
 
fourth following fiscal year. Under such regime the Noteholder is not required to declare the 
gains in his annual income tax return. 
The CGT does not apply to the following subjects: 
(A) 
Corporate investors 
Capital gains realised on the Notes by Italian resident corporate entities (including a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively 
connected) form part of their aggregate income subject to IRES. In certain cases, capital gains 
may also to be included in the taxable net value of production of such entities for IRAP 
purposes. The capital gains are calculated as the difference between the sale price and the 
relevant tax value of the Notes. Upon fulfilment of certain conditions, the gains may be taxed 
in equal instalments over up to five fiscal years. 
(B) 
Funds 
Capital gains realised by the Funds on the Notes are subject neither subject to CGT nor to any other 
income tax at the level of the Funds (see Italian Resident Noteholders, above). 
(C) 
Pension Funds 
Capital gains realised by Pension Funds on the Notes contribute to determine their annual net 
accrued result, which is subject to a 20% substitutive tax (see Italian Resident Noteholders, 
above) Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes may be excluded from 
the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
(D) 
Real Estate Investment Funds 
Capital gains realised by Real Estate Investment Funds and SICAFs to which the provisions 
of Italian Law Decree No. 351/2001, as subsequently amended, apply on the Notes are not 
taxable at the level of Real Estate Investment Funds and SICAFs (see Italian Resident 
Noteholders, above). 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509/1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103/1996 may be exempt from Italian capital gain 
taxes on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of certain eligible financial instruments if the 
latter are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Non Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-resident Noteholders (not having permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected) on the disposal of the Notes are not subject to tax in Italy, 
regardless of whether the Notes are held in Italy, subject to the condition that the Notes are traded in a 
regulated market in Italy or abroad (e.g. the Irish Stock Exchange). 
Should the Notes not be traded in a regulated market as indicated above, the aforesaid capital gains 
would be subject to tax in Italy, if the Notes are held by the non-resident Noteholder therein. Pursuant 
to Article 5 of Decree 461, an exemption, however, would apply with respect to beneficial owners of 
the Notes, which are Qualified Noteholders resident in a White List Country. 
In any event, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a tax treaty with Italy providing that capital

--- Page 184 ---
167
 
 
gains realised upon sale or transfer of Notes are taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to tax in Italy on any capital gains realised upon any such sale or transfer. 
Registration tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed in Italy should be 
subject to fixed registration tax (€ 200); (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) should be 
subject to fixed registration tax only in certain circumstances, including in “case of use” or voluntary 
registration or on the occurrence of the “enunciazione” (€ 200). 
As of 1 January 2025, inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the new provisions of the Legislative 
Decree no. 139 of 18 September 2024, which are, though, not foreseen to have impacts on the above-
described provisions. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply on the overall net value of the relevant transferred assets, at the 
following rates, depending on the relationship between the testate (or donor) and the beneficiary (or 
donee): 
(i) 
4% if the beneficiary (or donee) is the spouse or a direct ascendant or descendant (such rate 
only applying on the net asset value exceeding, for each person, €1 million); 
(ii) 
6% if the beneficiary (or donee) is a brother or sister (such rate only applying on the net asset 
value exceeding, for each person, €100,000);  
(iii) 
6% if the beneficiary (or donee) is a relative within the fourth degree or a direct relative-in-law 
as well an indirect relative-in-law within the third degree; and 
(iv) 
8% if the beneficiary is a person, other than those mentioned under (i), (ii) and (iii), above. 
In case the beneficiary has a serious disability recognised by law, inheritance and gift taxes apply on 
its portion of the net asset value exceeding €1.5 million. 
With respect to Notes listed on a regulated market, the value for inheritance and gift tax purposes is 
the average trading price of the last quarter preceding the date of the succession or of the gift 
(including any accrued interest).  
Under certain conditions, the mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth under Italian law – is exempt from inheritance tax. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13, paragraph 2 ter of Part I attached to Italian Presidential Decree No. 642 of 
October 26, 1972, as amended from time to time, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis 
to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a 
Noteholder in respect of any Notes which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. The 
stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2%; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or 
– if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. 
The stamp duty cannot exceed, for taxpayers different from individuals (e.g., for corporate entities 
and other bodies), €14,000. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the 
regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011 and in the Provision of the Governor of 
Bank of Italy dated 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or 
insurance activity within the Italian territory. Communications and reports sent to investors not falling

--- Page 185 ---
168
 
 
within the definition of “client” are subject to the ordinary €2.00 stamp duty for each copy. Moreover 
the proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications send to Pension Funds. 
Periodic reporting communications to clients are presumed to be sent at least once a year, even though 
the financial intermediary is not required to send any such communication. In this case, the stamp 
duty is to be applied on 31 December of each year or in any case at the end of the relationship with 
the client.  
Wealth tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19 (18) of Law Decree of 22 December 2011 n. 201, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, Italian resident individuals, non-profit entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnership in accordance with Article 5 of ITC) holding the 
Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay a wealth tax at a rate of 0.2%. Article 1(91) of 
Law 30 December 2023, No. 213 provided for an increase of the rate from 0.2% to 0.4%, only in the 
circumstance that the Notes are held in black list countries, listed in the Ministerial Decree No.107 of 
4 May 1999. 
Such tax is due only in cases where the stamp duty described in the previous paragraph (Stamp duty) 
is not due. Pursuant to the provision of Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, the wealth 
tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year for taxpayers different from individuals. This tax is calculated 
on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value figure is 
available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian 
territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid 
in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if 
they are managed by Italian resident intermediaries. In this case, the stamp duty described in the 
previous paragraph (Stamp duty) does apply. 
Tax monitoring 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as 
amended by Law No. 97 of 6 August 2013, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of ITC) resident in Italy who, 
during the fiscal year, hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain 
circumstances, disclose the aforesaid investments to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax 
return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same 
time as prescribed for the income tax return). Such obligation is not provided for, inter alia, foreign 
investments or financial activities in case (a) such investments/activities are held in portfolio regimes 
with Italian resident intermediaries and (b) incomes deriving from such investments/activities are 
subject in Italy to a withholding/substitutive tax. 
European Directive on Administrative Cooperation 
Legislative Decree No. 29 of 4 March 2014, as supplemented from time to time, has implemented the 
EU Council Directive 2011/16/EU (as amended by 2014/107/UE, 2015/2376/UE, 2016/881/UE; 
2016/2258/UE and 2018/822/UE), on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation (the “DAC”).  
The main purpose of the DAC is to extend the automatic exchange of information mechanism 
between Member State, in order to fight against cross border tax fraud and tax evasion. The new 
regime under DAC is in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development in July 2014.  
The Directive on Administrative Cooperation (2014/107/EU) of December 9, 2014 (“DAC 2”) 
implemented the exchange of information based on the Common reporting Standard (“CRS”) within 
the EU. Under CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions and

--- Page 186 ---
169
 
 
automatically exchange with exchange partners, on an annual basis, financial information with respect 
to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence, 
and reporting procedures. 
The EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU of 25 May 2018 (“DAC 6”) implemented the mandatory 
automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-border 
arrangements. Under DAC 6, intermediaries which meet certain criteria and taxpayers are required to 
disclose to the relevant tax authorities certain cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more 
of a prescribed list of hallmarks, performed from 25 June 2018 onwards.  
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on the tax consequences deriving from the 
application of the Directive on Administrative Cooperation.

--- Page 187 ---
170
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated dealer agreement (as amended or supplemented from 
time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”) dated 17 April 2025 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon 
which they may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those 
matters stated under “Forms of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Dealer 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses incurred in 
connection with this and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area.   
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.

--- Page 188 ---
171
 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer” means the communication in any form and 
by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.   
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, except to qualiﬁed investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as deﬁned in, and in accordance with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Articles L.411-1 and L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation.  Each Dealer has represented and

--- Page 189 ---
172
 
 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that no Notes will be offered, sold or delivered, nor will copies of this Base Prospectus or of 
any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2, letter e), of the 
Prospectus Regulation, pursuant to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a), of the Prospectus 
Regulation, and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations, including, inter alia, 
Article 100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (as amended, the 
“Financial Services Act”); or 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act, Article 34-
ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended, and any other applicable 
Italian laws and regulations. 
In any event, any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance 
with the selling restrictions under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and: 
(a) 
be made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Financial 
Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree 
No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking Act”) (in each case, as amended) and any other 
applicable laws or regulations; and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority (including, without limitation, 
Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as 
amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on 
the offering or issue of securities in Italy or by Italian persons outside of Italy). 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to

--- Page 190 ---
173
 
 
Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer represents and agrees and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that the Notes will not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has 
or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with 
all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers represent that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as may be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law or regulation. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 191 ---
174
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the EMTN Programme by the Issuer was duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 8 November 2013 whilst the most recent update of the 
Programme and the increase in the maximum principal amount of the Programme from 
€2,000,000,000 to €3,500,000,000 were duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer dated 17 March 2025.  
Each issue of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme will be authorised by the competent corporate 
bodies in accordance with applicable laws and the relevant provisions of its by-laws. In particular, 
each issuance resolution (delibera di emissione) is to be made in notarial form and registered in the 
competent Companies' Register (Registro delle Imprese).  
Listing of Notes on Euronext Dublin 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. Application has been made 
to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on its regulated market. Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in 
connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes issued under the 
Programme to the Official List or trading on the regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Documents Available 
From the date hereof and for a period of at least 10 years, copies of the following documents will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.adr.it/web/aeroporti-di-roma-en-/emtn-programme: 
(i) 
the articles of association and by-laws (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Trust Deed (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(iii) 
the most recently published audited consolidated integrated annual report / financial 
statements of the Issuer and the most recently published consolidated interim financial report 
(if any) of the Issuer (in each case with an English translation thereof as soon as such 
translation is available); 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus, and the 
documents incorporated by reference herein; and 
(v) 
any future supplement and Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of 
such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes in bearer form have been, and the Notes in registered form will be (if they are to be listed 
on Euronext Dublin), accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which

--- Page 192 ---
175
 
 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Material Adverse Change / Significant Change 
Except as disclosed in the 2024 Integrated Report under paragraph 7 “Subsequent events” of the report 
on operation on pages 186-18710 incorporated by reference herein (see “Incorporation by Reference” 
above), since 31 December 2024 (the end of the last financial period for which audited financial 
information has been published), there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or the Group and there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial 
position of the Issuer or the Group.  
Legal Proceedings  
Except as set out in the paragraph 9.5 headed “Litigation” of the “Notes to the condensed interim 
consolidated financial statements of the Aeroporti di Roma Group” of the consolidated financial 
statements included in 2024 Integrated Report incorporated by reference herein (see “Incorporation 
by Reference” above), neither the Issuer nor any subsidiary of the Issuer is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes, 
unless required to do so by any applicable laws and regulations. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
advisory, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations. Furthermore, certain Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions or enter into hedging agreements on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates and related 
companies, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market 
risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
 
10 The page references indicated above correspond to the page references of the e-document.

--- Page 193 ---
176
 
 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments. 
In relation to the issue and subscription of any Tranche of Notes, fees and/or commissions may be 
payable to the relevant Dealers. Furthermore, the net proceeds of an issue of Notes under the 
Programme may be used by the Issuer in whole or in part to discharge its payment obligations vis-à-
vis some or all of the Dealers (or financial institutions belonging to the same group of the Dealers), 
including without limitation to repay existing indebtedness. 
For the purpose of this paragraph the term “affiliates” include also parent companies. 
Foreign languages used in the Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under applicable law. 
Independent Auditors 
The Issuer’s current independent auditors are KPMG S.p.A., with registered office at Via Vittor 
Pisani, 25, 20124, Milan, Italy (the “Independent Auditors”). The Independent Auditors is 
authorised and regulated by MEF and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by MEF. 
The Independent Auditors have no material interest in the Issuer. The Independent Auditors’ 
appointment was conferred for the period 2021 to 2029 by the shareholders’ meeting held on 27 April 
2021 and will expire on the date of the shareholders’ meeting convened to approve ADR’s financial 
statements for the financial year ending 2029.

--- Page 194 ---
Registered offices of the Issuer 
Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. 
Via Pier Paolo Racchetti, 1 
00054 Fiumicino (Rome)  
Italy 
Independent Auditors 
KPMG S.p.A.  
Via Vittor Pisani, 25  
20124 Milan 
Italy  
Trustee 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg  
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Principal Paying Agent and Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
Irish Listing Agent
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange, George's Dock, IFSC  
Dublin 1, D01W3P9  
Ireland
 
Legal Advisers
To the Issuer as to 
Italian law 
To the Dealers as to 
English and Italian law 
Legance – Avvocati Associati 
Via Broletto, 20 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
White & Case (Europe) LLP 
Piazza Diaz, 2 
20123 Milano 
Italy 
 
Arrangers 
Mediobanca – Banca di  
Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 195 ---
Dealers
Banca Akros S.p.A.  
Viale Eginardo, 29  
20149 Milan  
Italy 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2  
Ireland D02 RF29 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate  
and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Mediobanca – Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris  
France 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany