--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2022 
 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
Euro 15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the Euro 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), which constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. (the "Issuer" or "CDP"), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding 
at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription 
and Sale". 
The Notes issued under this Programme may be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined under "Description of the 
Programme") save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified hereunder and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the 
relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), which is the Irish competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, as a base 
prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued under the Programme described in this 
Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The Central Bank has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area. In addition, such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid until 12 May 2023, which is a period of 
twelve months from the date of approval. Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to the official list (the 
"Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes are intended to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Euronext Dublin. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the 
basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, or to be issued on the basis that they will be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further stock exchanges, markets and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(including the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notes will be issued by the Issuer to raise funds for its general funding purposes or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, for financing or refinancing green, social or sustainable 
projects, as the case may be, in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the 
Social Bond Principles ("SBP") or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")). The Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may be issued in one or more 
tranches (each, a "Tranche"). The terms of each Series will be set forth in the relevant Final Terms prepared in relation thereto in accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus. 
An investment in Notes issued under this Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche 
called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”). 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. with registered office and principal place 
of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy ("Monte Titoli"), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" 
means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). The Notes have been 
accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions 
of Italian Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58, as subsequently amended and supplemented ("Legislative Decree No. 58") and in accordance with Commissione 
Nazionale per le società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented ("CONSOB and Bank of 
Italy Regulation"). The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 
83-quinquies and 83-sexies of Legislative Decree No. 58. 
The Programme is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings"), and 
BBB+ by Scope Ratings GmbH ("Scope"). Each of S&P, Fitch Ratings, and Scope is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"), and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs. The rating S&P has given the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating assigned by Fitch Ratings is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, established in the United Kingdom and registered by the Financial Conduct 
Authority (“FCA”) in accordance with the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. Scope Ratings UK Limited, established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation, is an “endorsing CRA” of credit ratings issued by Scope. As such, the rating Scope has attributed the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed 
by Scope Ratings UK Ltd. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Joint Arrangers 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
Barclays 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley 
MPS Capital Services 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 1 - 
47-41034559 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................. 2 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................... 11 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................... 34 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................. 35 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................... 43 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................................................... 48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................... 49 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................ 91 
DESCRIPTION OF CASSA DEPOSITI E PRESTITI S.P.A. .................................. 111 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO CDP ............................ 179 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO CDP GROUP .............. 180 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................. 182 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................. 195 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................... 201

--- Page 3 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 2 - 
47-41034559 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and 
declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is, in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein 
under the Conditions as completed by the Final Terms or in a separate prospectus 
specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final 
Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. Copies of Final Terms and any 
Drawdown Prospectus in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
Each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the "Final Terms" shall, unless the context requires otherwise, be deemed to be 
references to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus (as applicable).  
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements 
hereto and with any documents incorporated by reference herein (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be 
read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each Investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below 
that this Base Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all 
material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, 
predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state 
any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or 
intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes)

--- Page 4 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 3 - 
47-41034559 
 
not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made 
to verify the foregoing. 
Legality of purchase 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies) has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the 
Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance 
by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to 
it. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document 
entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or 
such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them 
makes any representation or warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility or liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Neither the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) accect any 
responsibility or liability for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person  in 
connection with the Programme and the issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there 
has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the 
offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. The Issuer and the Dealers and their respective affiliates 
(including the parent companies) do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such

--- Page 5 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 4 - 
47-41034559 
 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the 
Dealers and their respective affiliates (including parent companies) which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto nor any Final Terms (or any 
part thereof) constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes 
and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) them that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to 
have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Issuer. 
Product Governance/Target Market under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended)  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the 
"MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance/Target Market under UK MiFIR

--- Page 6 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 5 - 
47-41034559 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309(B)(1) of the SFA. The Issuer will 
make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant 
persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered 
for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key

--- Page 7 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 6 - 
47-41034559 
 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Benchmarks Regulation  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by 
reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a 
benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does 
not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of 
the administrator. Interest payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by 
reference to one of EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
(as administrator of EURIBOR) (the "EMMI") is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, but the Bank of 
England (as administrator of SONIA) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as 
administrator of SOFR) are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that none of the 
Bank of England or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York are currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme will not exceed Euro 15,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes 
denominated in another currency shall be converted into Euro at the date of the 
agreement to issue such Notes in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement, as defined 
under "Subscription and Sale". In the event of increase of the original maximum 
amount of the Programme as set out herein, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus. 
Ratings

--- Page 8 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 7 - 
47-41034559 
 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) 
described on the cover page of this Base Prospectus or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation.  
Presentation of information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating 
to the Issuer has been derived from (i) the audited non-consolidated annual financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 and (ii) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
(together, the "Financial Statements"). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base 
Prospectus to any specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of 
such year. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (IASB), including the SIC and IFRIC interpretations, 
endorsed by the European Union, as provided by Regulation (EC) No. 1606 of 19 July 
2002, published in the Official Journal of the European Union L. 243 on 11 September 
2002. 
Certain definitions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base 
Prospectus will have the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" or any other section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms 
as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below.

--- Page 9 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 8 - 
47-41034559 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" 
are to a Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "Euro" "EUR" 
or "€" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended, and references to "£" or "Sterling" are to the 
currency of the United Kingdom. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different 
tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus does not contain any financial measure that is not recognised 
as a measure of performance under IFRS or Italian GAAP, otherwise known as 
"Alternative Performance Measures". 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if 
any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words 
"anticipate", "believe", "expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", 
"will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and similar expressions are intended to 
identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical 
fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the 
financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future 
operations of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which 
may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be 
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we 
expect to operate in the future. Factors that could cause actual results, performance 
or achievements to differ materially include, but are not limited to, those discussed

--- Page 10 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 9 - 
47-41034559 
 
under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the 
Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to 
update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with 
regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
such statement is based. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds and Social Bonds 
None of the Dealers and the Issuer accept any responsibility for any social, 
environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or 
assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. No representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer and the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of 
any opinion, report or certification of any third party made available in connection with 
an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds, nor 
is any such opinion, report or certification a recommendation by the Issuer, any Dealer, 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes 
are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or 
securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for 
the lifetime of the Notes. None of the Dealers are responsible for the use of proceeds 
for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds, nor the 
impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. The Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bonds Framework (as defined below) may benefit from a Second Party 
Opinion (as defined below). The Second Party Opinion (as defined below) provides an 
opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to 
address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including 
without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any 
security.  The Second Party Opinion (as defined below) is a statement of opinion, not 
a statement of fact.  The Second Party Opinion (as defined below) is not, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any Notes. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the 
suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion (as defined below) or any opinion 
or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, nor is any such opinion 
or certification a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes 
and is current only as of the date it was issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion (as defined below) 
and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated 
by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
Suitability of the Notes as an investment 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all Investors. Each potential investor 
in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on 
its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:

--- Page 11 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 10 - 
47-41034559 
 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of 
the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the 
impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or 
interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour 
of financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other 
factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 12 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 11 - 
47-41034559 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following are the risk factors relating to the Issuer and Notes to be issued under 
the Programme which prospective purchasers of Notes should consider prior to 
making an investment decision. Prospective purchasers of Notes should also read the 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined 
in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") below or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may be unable to make 
all payments due in respect of the Notes. There are a wide range of factors which, 
individually or together, could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all 
payments due. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors 
that could materially adversely affect its businesses and ability to make payments due. 
However, the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it 
may not currently be able to anticipate. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; 
2. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; and 
3. 
Risk relating to the Notes. 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment 
CDP and its subsidiaries (the "CDP Group") carry out their business activities mainly 
in Italy with public entities and, to a lesser extent, private entities, including banking 
groups operating in Italy. As such, the CDP Group's business is influenced by the 
economic conditions affecting Italy, which, at the same time, are connected to 
European and global economic conditions. 
The current international macroeconomic environment, in particular in Europe, and the 
growth expectations as well as economic medium term trends are currently 
characterised by significant uncertainty related to: (i) the resurgence in new Covid-19 
cases in different locations around the world and the risk that significant and severe 
new variants emerge, potentially leading to new restrictions affecting economic 
activities; (ii) the persisting supply-side bottlenecks, mainly due to the consequences 
of the pandemic crisis, causing an overall rise in prices, above all in the most volatile 
components, such as energy and food, which is resulting in high, widespread and

--- Page 13 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 12 - 
47-41034559 
 
persistent inflation, particularly in the USA but also in Europe and many emerging 
markets; iii) the gradual normalisation of both fiscal and monetary policies with the 
financial system and, in particular, the money, FX and sovereign bond markets 
specially affected by future developments in the monetary policy decisions from the 
European Central Bank ("ECB") and the Federal Reserve; (iv) the escalation of 
geopolitical tensions culminating in the outbreak of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and 
potentially leading to significant changes in the world’s geopolitical order, which is 
already affecting the global economy, causing an energy crisis especially in Europe 
and exacerbating downside risks to the growth pattern and upside risks to the inflation 
outlook; v) future developments in connection with the UK-EU trade relationship after 
Brexit, whose full implications and consequences are yet to be assessed. Adverse 
developments could also be triggered by a slower than expected growth of the 
Chinese economy, currently affected by new restrictions adopted to contain 
particularly severe local Covid-19 outbreaks. 
On the basis of publicly available information and of market conditions as at the date 
hereof, at least four industrial sectors to which CDP is directly or indirectly exposed, 
namely the oil and gas, the cruise, the construction and the agri-food sectors, have 
been and will continue to be particularly affected. Other potential impacts of the current 
macroeconomic scenario are connected to a sharp decrease of consumer, business 
and investor confidence, increased funding costs and an eventual increase of non-
performing exposures in the credit portfolio. All these effects are subject to 
strengthened monitoring in order to be able to take proper and effective actions.  
These factors, among other things, may restrict the European economic outlook, with 
a corresponding adverse effect on the CDP Group’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
The sovereign debt crisis 
The sovereign debt crisis has raised concerns about the long-term sustainability of the 
European Monetary Union and the ordinary activity of many commercial and 
investment banks as well as insurance companies. 
Recurrent market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and economic 
outlook of some Euro member countries, including Italy. Together with the risk that 
some countries (even if not very significant in terms of gross domestic product) might 
leave the Euro Area, this would have a material and negative impact on Italy's 
sovereign debt and economic conditions and, therefore, on CDP and its operations. 
Since the beginning of the sovereign debt crisis in May 2010, credit quality has 
generally declined, as reflected by downgrades suffered by several countries in the 
Eurozone, including Italy. The outbreak of the pandemic crisis and the huge fiscal 
response aimed to shore up household and corporate budgets have put an extra 
burden on the public finance balances, although currently eased by the still low interest 
rate environment and the temporary suspension of the European fiscal rules as 
defined by the Maastricht Treaty. Any deterioration of the Italian economy would have 
a material adverse effect on CDP, in light of the CDP Group's significant exposure to 
the Italian economy. In fact, possible tensions on the government securities market 
and the volatility thereof may cause negative impacts on the business and the 
economic and/or financial condition of CDP and/or the CDP Group. See also "Risks

--- Page 14 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 13 - 
47-41034559 
 
relating to CDP's relationship with the Republic of Italy" below. Furthermore, any 
additional event affecting Italy through the channel of public finances could likely 
significantly impact, among other things, the recoverability and quality of the sovereign 
debt securities held by CDP. 
Risks relating to CDP's relationship with the Republic of Italy 
The nature of CDP's business, as lender to Italian public entities, thereby providing a 
service of general economic interest, implies that CDP bears the risks associated with 
its special relationship with the Italian government, which is CDP's main shareholder, 
and therefore may exercise a significant influence on CDP's operations, which could 
be substantial in the case of protracted political uncertainty. In the course of its 
business activity as a lender and/or an investor, CDP is exposed to counterparties 
which, in many cases, face risks connected with the need for renewal upon expiry of 
agreements and concessions involving the Republic of Italy or public entities. 
In this regard, it should also be noted that CDP holds a significant investment in Italian 
government securities, therefore any deterioration in the spread of the Italian 
government bonds compared to other European government bonds could have a 
significant impact on the value of these assets. 
The Issuer's credit ratings closely reflect the rating of the Republic of Italy and are 
therefore exposed to the risk of decline in the sovereign credit rating. Accordingly, on 
the basis of the methodologies used by rating agencies, downgrades of Italy's credit 
rating may have a consequential effect on the credit rating of Italian issuers, such as 
CDP. Any downgrade in public ratings assigned to the Republic of Italy usually 
involves corresponding changes in CDP’s public ratings and these events can have a 
potential negative impact on CDP’s funding conditions. 
Risk factors relating to funding 
CDP is subject to the risk arising out of the concentration of the sources for the 
collection of savings. In particular, postal savings are the main source of funding for 
CDP, as described in the section "Description of Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. – CDP 
Activities – A. The Account Systems – A.1 The Separate Account System". Postal 
savings products (i.e. postal savings bonds and passbook savings accounts) are 
placed exclusively by Poste Italiane S.p.A. (“Poste Italiane”) pursuant to an 
agreement (the "Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement"). The Poste Italiane 
Distribution Agreement was entered into on 24 December 2021, for a four-year term 
starting on 1 January 2021 and ending on 31 December 2024.  
Any eventual variation of the corporate governance of Poste Italiane, without any 
variation of the majority, shall not affect the Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement and 
the placement activities carried out by Poste Italiane with respect to the postal saving 
products. 
In light of the above, the Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement entails a risk of 
concentration of CDP funding sources. In any event, the Poste Italiane Distribution 
Agreement shall assure the stabilisation of the funding volumes and the management 
of extraordinary situations such as those regarding the variation of the corporate

--- Page 15 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 14 - 
47-41034559 
 
governance of the parties, even on the basis of the amendments introduced by Italian 
Law 23 December 2014, No. 190.  
In order to mitigate the risk of concentration of the funding sources, some measures 
have been considered to improve efficiency, consolidation and differentiation of 
funding for CDP, with the aim to provide continuous and stable funding volumes, such 
as, the establishment of the Programme, the launch of a commercial paper 
programme, the negotiation of lines of credit granted by the European Investment 
Bank (“EIB”) and other supranational institutions and the establishment of a program 
of retail bonds. However, there is no guarantee that the measures implemented in 
order to avoid funding concentration risk are effective and sufficient to mitigate such 
risk for CDP. Therefore, the inefficacy of such measures may adversely affect financial 
situation and operating results of CDP and, as consequence thereof, affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to price fluctuations 
Price risk consists in the risk relating to price fluctuations of equity securities, equity-
linked bonds, undertaking for collective investments and index-linked derivatives. 
The CDP Group holds interests in Italian corporations and investment funds and, 
therefore, it is subject to the risk that the value of such interests may be affected by 
fluctuations of the relevant shares' or units' value as well as by fluctuations of the 
relevant derivatives' value. 
A reduction of the value of such investments may adversely affect the financial 
situation and the operating results of CDP and, therefore, the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
In addition, CDP is subject to the risks arising out of its direct and indirect 
shareholdings (in listed and non-listed companies) and from the units held in 
investment funds. Among the interests held by CDP, there are those in ENI S.p.A. 
(“ENI”), Poste Italiane, CDP RETI S.p.A. ("CDP RETI"), CDP Equity S.p.A. (“CDP 
Equity”), CDP Industria (“CDP Industria”), Fintecna S.p.A. (“Fintecna”) and CDP 
Immobiliare (“CDP Immobiliare”), as described in more detail in the “Risks relating to 
the Issuer’s business activity and industry” paragraph below. 
Risks relating to CDP initiatives in support of Italian banking system stability 
The risks that affected over time the Italian banking system, including the pandemics 
and the war in Ukraine, required and might require in the future the implementation of 
certain measures aimed at supporting the stability of the Italian banking system. Such 
measures may expose the Issuer, in particular in the event of a crisis in the banking 
system, to the negative performance of its investments, such as for example in the 
case of recapitalisation transactions, guarantees, or purchase of non-performing 
loans.  
Credit Risk 
The CDP Group is subject to credit risk which consists of the risk arising out of the 
possible default of one or more debtors with respect to their obligations towards CDP. 
The business activity carried out by the CDP Group, and in particular by the CDP

--- Page 16 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 15 - 
47-41034559 
 
Group parent company, consists of, inter alia, granting loans to Italian public entities, 
local entities and companies (including the main banking groups operating in Italy), 
hedging activities through derivatives, treasury activities in the context of both the 
separate account system ("Separate Account System") and ordinary account system 
("Ordinary Account System"). CDP is therefore subject to the risk that its 
counterparties do not fulfil their own obligations when payments are due, as well as to 
the risk arising out of loans granted upon the basis of incomplete, false and untruthful 
information. 
Risks connected with interest rate fluctuations 
The risk arising out of the fluctuation of interest rates consists in the risk that the value 
and yield of assets and liabilities would vary following market fluctuations of interest 
rates. 
In the context of its business CDP is subject to potential asset-liability mismatch mainly 
due to different characteristics, in terms of liquidity and interest rate indexation, 
between lending activity, which represents most of the asset side, and postal saving 
liabilities, which represent the greatest share of the funding side. 
CDP is subject to interest rate risk in different ways, in particular through repricing, 
term structure, basis and optionality. Moreover, as previously described, CDP carries 
out collection of savings and lending activities. The value and yield both of the credits 
arising out of loans granted by CDP and the exposures connected with the collection 
of savings carried out by CDP are subject to interest rates fluctuations which, as such, 
are influenced by various parameters not under the Issuer's control, such as monetary 
policies, macroeconomic and political conditions.  
In particular, fluctuations of interest rates may increase costs faster and more 
substantially than yields on assets, for example because of a mismatch between 
maturities, or, for a given maturity, between interest rate sensitivities, of assets and 
liabilities. 
At the same time, decreasing interest rates may cause a minor yield arising from the 
assets held by CDP which may not be matched by a similar decrease in the cost of 
funding. Such situations, as well as the current scenario, characterised by very low 
interest rates, may affect the value of CDP's assets and exposures. 
The risk to which CDP is subject regarding interest rates is not properly comparable 
to the one in the banking sector, due to the early redemption option in favour of the 
holders of postal savings bonds, which represent the main sources of long-term 
collection of savings used by CDP. The value of the put option and the bondholder's 
incentive to exercise the option is strongly influenced by interest rate levels and trends. 
Therefore, the increase and decrease in interest rates may adversely affect the 
financial situation and operating results of CDP and, therefore, the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
In addition, with respect to the issue of postal savings bonds indexed to consumer 
prices in Italy, CDP is also subject to inflation risk. As a consequence of the increasing 
inflation rate, CDP would pay on these bonds a greater amount of interest to 
bondholders. Therefore, a rise in inflation rate in Italy may adversely affect the financial

--- Page 17 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 16 - 
47-41034559 
 
situation and the operating results of CDP and, therefore, the ability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes. CDP controls the inflation risk using 
methodologies equivalent to those adopted in the banking sector for monitoring 
interest rates risks. 
CDP monitors its exposure and the interest rate risk to which is subject through an 
evaluation of the response of its financial statements data to interest rate fluctuations, 
quantified by means of a "sensitivity" analysis (for less severe turbulence) or "stress 
test" (for more severe turbulence). However, even though the Issuer has implemented 
an interest rate risk monitoring structure, there is no guarantee that such structure 
would be effective and suitable for containing such risk for CDP. Such situation may 
adversely affect the financial situation and the operating results of CDP and, therefore, 
the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Liquidity risk 
The liquidity risk consists in the risk arising out of the lack of funds needed in the 
ordinary course of business and, as consequence thereof, in the risk arising out of the 
inability to fulfil, without any exorbitant costs, payment obligations when due. 
For CDP, liquidity risk arises with respect to both its ability to collect funds on the 
market (“funding liquidity risk”), in connection with passbook savings accounts and 
postal savings bonds representing the main share of liabilities in the Separate Account 
System, and its difficulty to liquidate its own assets (“asset liquidity risk”). 
In order to face issues related to the need of liquidity in the context of the Ordinary 
Account System, CDP raises funds on capital markets or avails itself of loans granted 
by the EIB and other supranational institutions. CDP has adopted procedures to avoid 
the rising of unexpected needs of liquidity by timely prediction of demand of supply, 
by setting limits to the mismatching of the maturities between asset and liabilities, by 
monitoring its short-term liquidity and its liquidity requirements in the short, medium 
and long-term period. Moreover, among the procedures adopted to face liquidity risk, 
CDP has implemented a system called "Contingency Funding Plan", which describes 
the processes and the strategies for managing a possible liquidity crisis. 
However, there is no guarantee that the procedures adopted in order to avoid liquidity 
risk are effective and sufficient to mitigate such risk for CDP. Therefore, the inefficacy 
of such procedures may adversely affect the financial situation and operating results 
of CDP and, as a consequence thereof, affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes. 
Risks connected with exchange rates 
Exchange rate risk is the risk that changes in exchange rates might have a negative 
impact on the net income or economic value of CDP. 
Certain activities of CDP can generate exchange rate risk. CDP undertakes such 
activities only if any material exposure is covered by appropriate exchange rate 
hedges. 
The activities of CDP that can engender such exposure are normally associated with 
the issuance of bonds denominated in foreign currencies, equity investments the value

--- Page 18 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 17 - 
47-41034559 
 
of which can be exposed to changes in exchange rates, the purchase of bonds 
denominated in foreign currencies and the granting of loans denominated in currencies 
other than the Euro, in particular in connection with the support to the Italian export 
system. 
Existing Indebtedness 
As of 31 December 2021, the total gross financial debt of the Issuer amounted to Euro 
382,559 million, of which Euro 281,460 million was represented by passbook savings 
accounts and postal savings bonds issued by the Issuer. The obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of such postal savings liabilities are guaranteed by the Republic of Italy. In 
the event of enforcement of the guarantee, pursuant to the provisions of the decree of 
the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (the "MEF") of 6 October 2004, the 
Republic of Italy has conditioned its repayment rights against CDP to the absence of 
any prejudice to (i) the claims of public bodies or entities arising from the Separate 
Account System, (ii) the continuance of CDP's corporate activities carried out pursuant 
to paragraph 7, letter (a) of Article 5 of Italian Law Decree No. 269 of 30 September 
2003 ("Article 5"); and (iii) its title to the shareholdings transferred to CDP by the MEF 
at the time of its transformation in a joint stock company. Therefore, it should be noted 
that the rights to receive payments of interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes issued under the Programme will concur with the rights of 
all the existing creditors of the Issuer which are ranked at the same level of the holders 
of any such Notes. In this respect, see also “Risk factors relating to the Notes” below.  
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes 
No security interest has been created by CDP for the benefit of the holders of the 
Notes for their claims under the Notes, nor will any guarantee be issued by the 
Republic of Italy in favour of the Noteholders. Consequently, the Issuer will meet its 
payment obligations under the Notes primarily through the result of its business 
activities. Any adverse effect on CDP’s business activities or its ability to generate 
sufficient revenues may have a material adverse effect on CDP’s financial condition 
and consequently on its ability to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. 
Noteholders will have access to all assets of CDP to satisfy their claims under the 
Notes, other than assets (if any) segregated by CDP in favour of certain creditors of 
CDP, pursuant to paragraph 18 of Article 5. CDP may segregate any of its assets, in 
whole or in part, in favour of the holders of asset-backed securities issued thereby or 
in favour of other lenders of CDP. In particular, pursuant to paragraph 18 of Article 5, 
upon segregation, the assets may be attached only by the holders of the asset-backed 
securities or other lenders identified by CDP and constitute separate assets in all 
respects from that of CDP until final discharge of their rights against CDP. In addition, 
notwithstanding the provisions of article 2447-bis, letter (a) of the Italian Civil Code on 
the segregation of assets by joint stock companies to specific businesses, the 
segregation of assets upon which CDP may resolve, is not subject to any limit sets by 
law.  
Accordingly, Noteholders will not have recourse to any assets of CDP that are 
segregated by law to satisfy amounts due to them under the Notes. 
 
2. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry

--- Page 19 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 18 - 
47-41034559 
 
Risk factors arising out of shareholdings 
CDP holds shares in Italian companies and investment funds. The CDP Group is 
exposed to the risk that its net economic value, profitability or net equity could be 
adversely affected by variables related to equities and shareholdings in the investment 
funds in which CDP is invested and, in particular, by the market price of such securities 
and shares and related derivatives, or by changes in the present and prospective 
profitability of the investment in such securities and shares and related derivatives, 
which depends, inter alia, on dividends from time to time approved by the relevant 
companies and investment funds in which CDP holds shares. Among shareholdings, 
CDP holds a relevant exposure toward ENI (25,96 per cent. of the share capital), which 
represents almost 40 per cent. of the entire shareholdings’ portfolio, in terms of book 
value. 
Risk factors arising out of companies forming part of the CDP Group 
CDP Group is subject to the same risks to which certain companies which are part of 
the CDP Group are subject. In particular, companies within the CDP Group are mainly 
subject to (i) market risk, (ii) liquidity risk and credit risk, (iii) operational risk and (iv) 
risks arising out of legal disputes (see also "Description of Cassa depositi e prestiti 
S.p.A. – Legal Proceedings – Legal disputes relating to certain subsidiaries of CDP"). 
- 
CDP Equity 
In the course of its operations, CDP Equity is exposed to a variety of risks, mainly 
related with the economic and financial performance of the invested companies and 
funds. Negative outcomes or trends affecting one or more invested companies and 
funds could result in negative impacts over CDP Equity’s balance sheet, according 
with the size and the relevance of the exposure, also in terms of the distributed 
dividends. CDP Equity mainly operates in the acquisition of minority stakes in 
companies that have a relevant national interest for the Italian economy. CDP Equity 
also holds relevant majority stakes in Ansaldo Energia, which operates in the electrical 
equipment, and a 60 per cent. stake in Open Fiber, which operates as a provider of 
telecommunication infrastructures. During the course of 2021 CDP Equity has 
acquired a 7.3 per cent. stake in Euronext N.V.. Moreover, following the merger of Sia 
S.p.A. in Nexi S.p.A., CDP Equity now holds, directly and indirectly, a 13.6 per cent. 
stake in the latter company, which operates in the digital payment market. 
Furthermore, CDP Equity, in consortium with Blackstone Infrastructure Partners and 
Macquarie Asset Management, has purchased, via the establishment of a vehicle, an 
88.06 per cent. equity interest in Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. (“Autostrade per 
l’Italia”), one of the major infrastructural players in Italy (see also "Description of Cassa 
depositi e prestiti S.p.A. – Recent Developments – Completion of the purchase of the 
88.06% of Autostrade per l’Italia"). CDP Equity also underwrites commitments toward 
investment funds, focused on a wide range of asset classes (mainly private equity, 
private debt and venture capital funds) while it holds relevant stakes in 5 management 
companies (SGR - Società di gestione del risparmio). 
As a part of the CDP Group, CDP Equity has a solid profile in terms of liquidity risk. 
CDP Equity's balance sheet is currently debt-free while cash in excess is allocated 
mainly to bank accounts. 
Nonetheless, CDP Equity is subject to market risk, with specific regard, among others,

--- Page 20 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 19 - 
47-41034559 
 
to fluctuations in the prices of shares, commodities and exchange rates. 
- 
Terna Group 
In the course of its operations, Terna, the parent company of the Terna Group, and its 
subsidiaries (the "Terna Group") are exposed to a variety of financial risks: market 
risk (exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and inflation risk), liquidity risk and credit risk. 
Terna's risk management policies seek to identify and analyse the risks which the 
Terna Group is exposed to, establishing appropriate limits and controls and monitoring 
risks and compliance with such limits. These policies and the related systems are 
reviewed on a regular basis in order to consider any changes in market conditions or 
in the operations of the Terna Group. The exposure of the Terna Group to the 
aforementioned risks is substantially represented by the exposure of Terna, as parent 
company of the Terna Group. As a part of the financial risk management policies 
approved by its board of directors, Terna has established the responsibilities and 
operating procedures for financial risk management, specifically as it concerns the 
instruments to be used and the precise operating limits in managing them. 
- 
SNAM Group 
The Snam group, in line with the indications of the Code of Corporate Governance 
and international best practices, has instituted, under the direct supervision of the 
General Counsel, the Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) unit, which operates 
within the wider Internal Control and Risk Management System, in order to manage 
the integrated management process of corporate risks for all Group companies.  
The main objectives of ERM are to define a risk assessment model that allows risks 
to be identified, using standardised, group-wide policies, and then prioritised, to 
provide consolidated measures to manage these risks and to draw up a reporting 
system. The risk is defined as a result of the uncertainty over the objectives and may 
be negative or positive (opportunity). 
The main enterprise risks identified and monitored were classified as financial and 
non-financial (strategic risks, legal and non-compliance risk and operational risks). 
- 
Italgas Group 
Italgas has established the Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) unit, which reports 
directly to the General Manager of Finance and Services and oversees the integrated 
process of managing corporate risk for all Group companies. The main objectives of 
the ERM are to define a homogeneous and transversal risk assessment model, to 
identify priority risks and to guarantee the consolidation of mitigation actions and the 
development of a reporting system. The ERM methodology adopted by the Italgas 
Group is in line with the reference models and existing international best practices 
(COSO Framework and ISO 31000). The ERM unit operates as part of the wider 
Internal Control and Risk Management System of Italgas. 
The main corporate financial risks identified, monitored and, where specified below, 
managed by Italgas are as follows: (i) risk arising from exposure to fluctuations in 
interest rates; (ii) credit risk arising from the possibility of counterparty default; (iii) 
liquidity risk arising from not having sufficient funds to meet short-term financial 
commitments; (iv) rating risk; (v) debt covenant and default risk.

--- Page 21 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 20 - 
47-41034559 
 
- 
Fintecna Group 
The main operational risk factors concerning Fintecna and its separate assets 
(intended for a specific business - liquidation activities), relate to the handling of 
ongoing complex litigation mostly related to the companies already in liquidation that 
have come under its control over the years. Referring to the mentioned special 
purpose entities, other operational risk factors are those related to the management 
of environmental remediation and the acquired real estate assets. Taking into 
consideration the complexity and considerable uncertainty of these situations, 
Fintecna's directors – acting on the best available information – periodically update 
the evaluations of the adequacy of the provisions recognised in the financial 
statements. 
In addition, Fintecna is subject to, inter alia, (i) liquidity risk, (ii) credit and counterparty 
risk and (iii) risks arising out of legal disputes (see also "Description of Cassa depositi 
e prestiti S.p.A. – Legal Proceedings – Legal disputes relating to certain subsidiaries 
of CDP"). 
Furthermore, particular attention is given by the company to the compliance risk, 
considering the possible reputational implications that could arise from it and in 
connection with environmental, health and safety aspects. 
- 
CDP Immobiliare Group 
The risk monitoring procedures for CDP Immobiliare's subsidiaries (which, together 
with CDP Immobiliare as parent company, compose the "CDP Immobiliare Group") 
are shared with CDP, including those focused on the measurement/monitoring of 
operational risks and potential action plans. 
In particular, the CDP Immobiliare Group is subject to, inter alia, (i) market risks (i.e. 
risks related to fluctuations in the market value of its assets, in particular the real estate 
ones, risks linked with interest rate trend), (ii) operational risks, (iii) liquidity risks, (iv) 
credit/counterparty risks and (v) risks arising out of legal disputes (see also 
“Description of Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. – Legal Proceedings – Legal disputes 
relating to certain subsidiaries of CDP”). 
- 
CDP Industria 
In the course of its operations, CDP Industria is exposed to a variety of risks, mainly 
related with the economic, financial, operational and ESG performance of its 
shareholdings in Fincantieri and Saipem. Negative outcomes or trends affecting one 
or more invested companies could result in negative impacts over CDP Industria’s 
balance sheet, according with the size and the relevance of the exposure. 
Nonetheless, CDP Industria is subject, through its shareholdings in Fincantieri and 
Saipem, to market risk, with specific regard, among others, to fluctuations in the prices 
of shares, commodities (i.e. oil and natural gas) and exchange rates. 
As a part of the CDP Group, CDP Industria has a solid profile in terms of liquidity risk 
and it is currently debt-free. 
- 
Fincantieri Group

--- Page 22 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 21 - 
47-41034559 
 
The performance of Fincantieri and its subsidiaries (the “Fincantieri Group”) is 
strongly dependent on changes in their clients' workloads, and good relationship with 
some of them constitute one of the Fincantieri Group's strengths. The shipbuilding 
industry, in which Fincantieri operates, has historically been characterised by cyclical 
performance, responding to trends in its reference markets. 
Fincantieri Group is also subject to (i) risks connected to operational complexity, 
managing orders and outsourcing production; (ii) compliance risk; (iii) risks connected 
to exchange rate changes, (iv) risks connected to existing debt, and (v) risks 
associated with maintaining levels of competitiveness in the reference markets. 
Furthermore, Fincantieri is exposed to market risk, with specific regard to fluctuations 
in oil prices, given its exposure to the energy equipment sector through its subsidiary 
Vard Group AS, as well as in the prices of the main raw materials used, including but 
not limited to steel and copper. 
- 
Simest 
Since 21 March 2022, within the context of a sale of its interest in SACE S.p.A. 
(“SACE”) to the Ministry of Economy and Finance, CDP holds a 76.01 per cent. 
shareholding in SIMEST S.p.A. (“SIMEST”), with the remaining 24 per cent. being held 
by other private sector shareholders including banks and trade associations. SIMEST 
works alongside Italian companies and may acquire up to 49 per cent. of the share 
capital of foreign firms, both directly and through a venture capital fund, in order to 
provide assistance to Italian companies' (“Partners”) that wish to invest in companies 
incorporated outside of the European Union. In addition, SIMEST may acquire 
shareholdings of up to 49 per cent. in Italian companies and/or their EU subsidiaries 
that develop investments in production and in innovation and research on market 
terms without financial assistance. 
Upon acquisition of the investment, the Partners undertake to purchase SIMEST's 
interest at the end of the investment period (up to eight years). The commitment to 
repurchase is in some cases also covered by banking/insurance guarantees, collateral 
and/or corporate guarantees. 
In the light of the above, SIMEST is ultimately exposed to the credit risk of the Partners. 
For further details on the total shareholding portfolio of SIMEST, reference is made to 
the consolidated annual financial statements of CDP as at 31 December 2021 (see 
“Notes to the consolidated financial statements – Part E – Information on risks and 
related hedging policies”) incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Operational Risk 
The CDP group is subject to operational risk (i.e. the risk of loss resulting from 
inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events). 
Such risk includes – inter alia – the risk of losses resulting from internal or external 
fraud, human error, employment relationships and workplace safety, business 
disruption, system unavailability, breach of contract, process management, damage 
to company assets, malicious software/cyber attacks and natural disasters. 
The operational risk includes the legal risk (i.e. the risk of loss resulting from the breach 
of law and regulations, contractual or non-contractual liability and further disputes. 
CDP has adopted the guidelines established by the Basel Committee for the banking

--- Page 23 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 22 - 
47-41034559 
 
industry as the benchmark for managing operational risk. However, there is no 
guarantee that the measures implemented in order to mitigate operational risk are 
effective and sufficient to mitigate such risk for CDP. Therefore, the inefficacy of such 
measures may adversely affect financial situation and operating results of CDP and, 
as consequence thereof, affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes. 
 
 
3. 
Risk factors relating to the Notes 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor 
should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing, and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators 
to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes currently 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely 
distributed and for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case 
of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single 
series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after 
their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application has 
been made to be admitted to the Official List and traded on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will 
develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any 
trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Limited rights of individual Noteholders 
The protection and exercise of the Noteholders' rights against the Issuer is one of the 
duties of the Representative of the Noteholders. The Conditions limit the ability of 
individual Noteholders to commence proceedings against the Issuer by conditioning 
the ability of any Noteholder to commence any such individual actions to the prior 
approval of a Meeting of all Series of Noteholders and failure by the Representative of 
the Noteholders to take such actions within a reasonable period of time. 
Early Redemption of the Notes for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in 
respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever

--- Page 24 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 23 - 
47-41034559 
 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic 
of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
No physical document of title issued in respect of the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be in dematerialised form and evidenced at 
any time through book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. In no 
circumstance would physical documents of title be issued in respect of the Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by book entries, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and the authorised financial 
intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the 
Notes are held in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on 
the procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold 
accounts therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate (a 
"Relevant Factor"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be very volatile; 
(i) 
they may receive no interest; 
(ii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time; 
(iii) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not 
correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices;

--- Page 25 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 24 - 
47-41034559 
 
(iv) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the 
Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(v) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to 
investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In 
general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on 
yield. 
Furthermore, with regard to Floating Rate Notes, where the reference rate used to 
calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest rate will be below the 
margin, if any, or may be zero. Accordingly, where the rate of interest is equal to zero, 
the holders of such Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for 
certain or all interest periods, it being understood that under no circumstances shall 
the Rate of Interest (as defined in the Conditions) be less than zero. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed 
in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types 
of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing 
national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to 
the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the 
use of a benchmark, within the EU. The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order 
to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, 
any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European 
Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the 
identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis 
for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and 
contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-
free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free 
rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. 
Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue 
in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an 
alternative benchmark.

--- Page 26 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 25 - 
47-41034559 
 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the 
interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 6.13 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) or Condition 6.6 (Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SOFR), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to 
EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even 
prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes 
and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same 
benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in 
the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if a published benchmark, such 
as EURIBOR, and any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service) becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any 
Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate 
interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks 
Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the 
rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate, 
with or without an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
relevant Noteholders) to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement 
benchmark, all as determined by an independent adviser. An adjustment spread, if 
applied could be positive, negative, or zero, and would be applied with a view to 
reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising 
out of the replacement of a benchmark. However, it may not be possible to determine 
or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment 
spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If 
no adjustment spread can be determined, a successor rate or alternative rate may 
nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. The use of a successor rate or 
alternative rate (including with the application of an adjustment spread) will still result 
in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the benchmark were to 
continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
independent advisor or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
successor rate or an alternative rate, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of 
calculation of the rate of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate 
of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the 
involvement of an independent adviser, there is a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 27 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 26 - 
47-41034559 
 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant 
change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA"), and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), as 
reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the 
substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also 
how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes 
that reference risk-free rates issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the 
future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, or 
the SOFR Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when 
compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes 
that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free 
rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding 
or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have 
been used in risk-free rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any 
particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain 
risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average 
of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or 
different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove 
to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to

--- Page 28 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 27 - 
47-41034559 
 
such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are 
more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, or any related indices. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects and have 
a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and 
other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without 
limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or 
weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, 
whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR 
have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks 
or other market rates.   
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited 
history. For that reason, future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict 
based on their limited historical performance. The level of such rates during the term 
of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical 
performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor 
should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is 
only capable of being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates 
reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and 
some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to 
their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing 
backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default 
under Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date 
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in 
respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA or SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as 
administrator of SONIA or SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that 
could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related to the method

--- Page 29 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 28 - 
47-41034559 
 
by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions 
used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA or 
SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the 
interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider 
the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SONIA or SOFR. 
Partly paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one 
instalment. Failure to pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing 
all of his investment. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the value of Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms). This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if Noteholder's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Noteholder's Currency") other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that there may be a material change in the exchange 
rate between the Specified Currency and the Noteholder's Currency or that a 
modification of exchange controls by the applicable authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Noteholder's Currency will be imposed. The Issuer has no control over the factors 
that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events and 
the supply and demand for the applicable currencies. Moreover, if payments on the 
Notes are determined by reference to a formula containing a multiplier or leverage 
factor, the effect of any change in the exchange rates between the applicable 
currencies will be magnified. In recent years, exchange rates between certain 
currencies have been volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other 
currencies may be expected in the future. An appreciation in the value of the 
Noteholder's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the 
Noteholder's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Noteholder's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Noteholder's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and monetary authorities 
may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The Representative of the Noteholders may agree to modifications and waivers 
without convening a meeting of the Noteholders 
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of Noteholders, the Representative of the 
Noteholders for each Series of Notes may, without the consent of the Noteholders of

--- Page 30 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 29 - 
47-41034559 
 
such Series and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to 
certain amendments to, or modifications of, or waivers or authorisations of any breach 
of the Conditions of the relevant Series of Notes. Any such modification, waiver, 
authorisation or determination shall be binding upon the Noteholders and, unless the 
Representative of the Noteholders determines otherwise, any such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as 
possible thereafter. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the 
interests of Noteholders 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of 
Notes under the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a 
member of an international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of 
its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may 
arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers 
and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related 
derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and 
on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and 
which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Issues of further Series and interests of Noteholders 
Under the Programme, CDP may create and issue new Series of Notes without the 
consent of the existing Noteholders to raise funds to finance general funding purposes 
of the Issuer. Both prior to and following the occurrence of an Event of Default, all 
Notes will rank pari passu among themselves. Circumstances could potentially arise 
in which the interests of the holders of different Series of Notes could differ. 
Rating 
The Programme is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated BBB by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch 
Ratings")  and BBB+ by Scope Ratings GmbH ("Scope"). Each of S&P, Fitch Ratings 
and Scope is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), and is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities 
and Markets Authority at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs. The rating S&P has given the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in 
the United Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating assigned by Fitch Ratings is endorsed 
by Fitch Ratings Ltd, established in the United Kingdom and registered by the 
Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) in accordance with the Credit Rating Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. Scope Ratings UK Limited, established

--- Page 31 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 30 - 
47-41034559 
 
in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, is an “endorsing 
CRA” of Credit Ratings issued by Scope Ratings GmbH. As such, the rating Scope 
has attributed the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by Scope 
Ratings UK Ltd. Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated and, where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating applicable to the Programme. The rating may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and the other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. In 
addition, if the status of any rating agency rating the Notes changes, European and 
UK regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European 
and UK regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes 
and any secondary market. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating 
could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Tranche of 
Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds" or "Social Bonds" or “Sustainability 
Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
green assets or social assets or sustainable assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the 
Programme described as "green bonds" ("Green Bonds"), "social bonds" ("Social 
Bonds") and “sustainability bonds” (“Sustainability Bonds”) in accordance with the 
principles set out by the ICMA (respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the 
Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (“SBG”)). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at 
"Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds" in the applicable Final 
Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such

--- Page 32 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 31 - 
47-41034559 
 
investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light 
of their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the 
Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any green project or social 
project or sustainable project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. In the 
event that the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "sustainable" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer that 
such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular in regard with regard to any direct 
or indirect sustainable impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
sustainability reports. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market 
to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of the Notes or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life 
of the Notes. 
Furthermore, notwithstanding the current legislative efforts on EU level regarding the 
regulation of sustainable finance, amongst others the adoption of Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
so called "EU Taxonomy"), it should be noted that there is currently no clearly 
established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes, respectively a "green" or a "social" or a “sustainable” project or as to 
what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or 
"social" or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given 
that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social or sustainable 
project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied 
will meet the investor expectations regarding such "green" or "social" or “sustainable” 
performance objectives. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating 
agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that 
the relevant green and/or social and/or sustainable project, as the case may be, have 
been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social 
and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-
party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with 
certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, 
a "Second Party Opinion"). A Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed 
or refinanced toward an amount corresponding to the net proceeds of the relevant 
issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A Second Party Opinion

--- Page 33 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 32 - 
47-41034559 
 
would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds 
or Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is 
released. A withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion may affect the value of such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable 
assets. In addition, no Dealer is responsible for (i) any assessment of the eligibility 
criteria attached to such green or social or sustainable project, (ii) any verification of 
whether the green or social or sustainable project meets the eligibility criteria set out 
in the Issuer's relevant bond framework, or (iii) the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of Social Bonds, Green 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the 
applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, social or 
sustainable projects, as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any 
assurance that such green, social or sustainable projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer, including a failure to 
comply with its reporting obligations in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds, as applicable, will not constitute an Event of Default under the 
relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. 
Any failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply proceeds for green, 
social or sustainable projects, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a so-called 
Second Party Opinion, other third party opinion or certification, the Notes ceasing to 
be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market 
as aforesaid or the failure by the Issuer to report on the use of proceeds as anticipated, 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets 
(which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes 
not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate).  
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are not 
linked to the performance of the eligible green, social and sustainable projects, 
do not benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes 
or any contractual rights derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of 
such Notes 
The performance of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds is not 
linked to the performance of the relevant eligible green, social and sustainable projects 
or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. 
There will be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and the eligible green, social and sustainable 
projects. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or interest on the Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any rights of Noteholders shall 
depend on the performance of the relevant eligible green, social and sustainable 
projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental or

--- Page 34 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 33 - 
47-41034559 
 
similar targets. Holders of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
shall have no preferential rights or priority against the assets of any eligible green, 
social and sustainable projects nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the 
performance of the Notes. 
The Issuer believes that the risks described above are the principal risks 
inherent in the holding of Notes issued under Programme for holders of the 
Notes of any Series but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or repay 
principal on the Notes of any Series may occur for other reasons. While the 
various structural elements described in this Base Prospectus are intended to 
lessen some of these risks for holders of Notes of any Series, there can be no 
assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective to ensure payment 
to the holders of Notes of any Series of interest or principal on such Notes on a 
timely basis or at all.

--- Page 35 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 34 - 
47-41034559 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, the necessary information which is material to an investor for 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and 
the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different 
types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in 
this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating 
to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can 
only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus 
and which is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a 
Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for 
the purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read 
in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
described in the relevant Final Terms as amended or supplemented to the extent 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the 
case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context 
requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 35 - 
47-41034559 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is 
taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus, 
including the documents incorporated by reference, and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation. Words and expressions defined in the "Conditions of 
the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section. 
The Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for listing Notes on the 
Euronext Dublin during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount 
then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the 
Programme, does not exceed EUR 15,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other 
currencies. For the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another currency of denomination 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Notes) 
shall be determined either as of the date on which agreement is reached for the 
issue of Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in Milan, in each case on the basis of 
the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the purchase of such currency of 
denomination in the Milan foreign exchange market quoted by any leading 
international bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant day of calculation; and 
(b) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to the relevant Notes) and other Notes issued at a discount or 
a premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to 
the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue. 
Issuer: 
Cassa depositi e prestiti società per azioni (the 
"Issuer" or "CDP"), a joint stock company 
incorporated on 12 December 2003 with limited 
liability in Italy under Article 5 of Italian Law Decree 
No. 269 of 30 September 2003, as converted with 
amendments into Law No. 326 of 24 November 
2003 ("Article 5" or "Law Decree 269"), having its 
registered office at Via Goito No. 4, 00185 Rome, 
Italy, registered with No. 80199230584 in the 
register of companies of Rome. 
Joint Arrangers: 
CDP and Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Credit 
Suisse Bank (Europe), S. A. Deutsche Bank

--- Page 37 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 36 - 
47-41034559 
 
Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., 
J.P. 
Morgan 
SE, 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, MPS Capital 
Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A., Nomura 
Financial 
Products 
Europe 
GmbH, 
Société 
Générale, UBS Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG, 
and any other dealer appointed from time to time by 
the Issuer either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). 
Principal Paying 
Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, a company 
incorporated under the laws of France as societé en 
commandite par actions, having its registered office 
at 3, Rue d'Antin, 75002 Paris, France and offices at 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi No. 3, 20124 Milan, Italy, or 
any other person for the time being acting as 
Principal Paying Agent of the Issuer pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Walkers Listing Services Limited, (in such capacity, 
the "Irish Listing Agent"). 
Calculation Agent: 
The Calculation Agent in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes will be appointed by the Issuer on or prior to 
the relevant issue date of the Notes. 
Representative of 
the Noteholders: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, a company 
incorporated under the laws of France as societé en 
commandite par actions, having its registered office 
at 3, Rue d'Antin, 75002 Paris, France and offices at 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi No. 3, 20124 Milan, Italy or any 
other person for the time being acting as 
Representative 
of 
the 
Noteholders. 
The 
Representative of the Noteholders, as appointed for 
each Series of Notes, shall act as such pursuant to 
the Dealer Agreement, the subscription agreements 
in respect of the relevant Series of Notes and the 
Conditions. 
Listing, Approval 
and Admission to 
Trading: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the 
Central Bank, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Series may be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Euronext Dublin and 
admitted to the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, 
and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as may be agreed between the

--- Page 38 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 37 - 
47-41034559 
 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (including the professional 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) or may be issued 
on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Programme 
Amount: 
Up to Euro 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of Dealer Agreement (as 
defined below). In connection with such increase, 
the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different 
issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. The 
Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical 
terms in all respects. 
Final Terms / 
Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of the Final Terms 
prepared in relation thereto which, for the purposes 
of that Tranche only, complete the Conditions of the 
Notes and this Base Prospectus and must be read 
in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes are the Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
Forms of Notes: 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in 
dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by 
Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte 
Titoli account holders. The Notes have been 
accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes

--- Page 39 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 38 - 
47-41034559 
 
will at all times be held in book entry form and title to 
the Notes and will be evidenced by book entries 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian 
Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58 
as subsequently amended and supplemented 
("Legislative Decree No. 58") and in accordance 
with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation 
dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented ("CONSOB and Bank of Italy 
Regulation"). No physical document of title will be 
issued in respect of the Notes. However, the 
Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for 
certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies of 
Legislative Decree No. 58. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest by reference to 
the benchmark as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as adjusted for any applicable 
margin/multiplier. Floating Rate Notes may also 
have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. Interest on Floating Rate Notes in 
respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to 
issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
Condition 
6.13 
provides 
for 
certain 
fallback 
arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event 
(as described in Condition 6.13) occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate at any time when the 
Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of 
Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate. In such an event, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (iii)), as well as any Benchmark

--- Page 40 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 39 - 
47-41034559 
 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6.13 
(iv)). See Condition 6.13 for further information. 
Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be issued in the amount, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and further 
instalments will be payable in the amounts and on 
the dates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal 
and/or 
regulatory 
and/or 
central 
bank 
requirements. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price and either on a 
fully or partly paid basis as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity subject, in relation to specific 
currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption or repayment, Notes will be redeemable 
at par as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
Optional 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Early redemption will be permitted for tax reasons as 
described in Condition 9.2 (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest 
bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate 
or a floating rate or other variable rate and the 
method of calculating interest may vary between the

--- Page 41 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 40 - 
47-41034559 
 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant 
Series. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). Unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as 
described in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Redenomination: 
In respect of any Tranche of Notes, if the country of 
the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its 
intention to become, a Participating Member State 
(as defined in the Conditions), the Notes may be 
redenominated in Euro in accordance with Condition 
21 
(Redenomination, 
Renominalisation 
and 
Reconventioning) if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Ratings: 
The Programme is, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P"), BBB by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings")  and BBB+ by 
Scope Ratings GmbH ("Scope"). Each of S&P, Fitch 
Ratings and Scope is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), and is included 
in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published on the website of the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs. The rating S&P has given the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which 
is established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK 
CRA Regulation"). The rating assigned by Fitch

--- Page 42 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 41 - 
47-41034559 
 
Ratings is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
established in the United Kingdom and registered by 
the 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(“FCA”) 
in 
accordance with the Credit Rating Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019.. 
Scope Ratings UK Limited, established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation, is an “endorsing CRA” of Credit Ratings 
issued by Scope Ratings GmbH. As such, the rating 
Scope has attributed the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme is endorsed by Scope Ratings UK 
Ltd. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Programme or the rating(s) 
assigned to Notes previously issued. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold 
securities 
and 
may 
be 
subject 
to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to the relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit

--- Page 43 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 42 - 
47-41034559 
 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
For a description of restrictions on offers, sales and 
delivery of the Notes, and on the distribution of 
offering materials, including in the United States of 
America, Italy, the European Economic Area, Japan 
and Singapore see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 44 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 43 - 
47-41034559 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
Article 5 of Italian Law Decree No. 269 of 30 September 2003, as converted 
with amendments into Law No. 326 of 24 November 2003, pursuant to which 
the Issuer has been transformed into a joint stock company, incorporated by 
reference in its entirety; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Law-Decree-no.269-2003-
Art.5.PDF  
2. 
the by-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer, incorporated by reference in its entirety; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Statuto-CDP_11-03-
2022_ENG.pdf  
3. 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's 
report thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2021 
and the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements (including the 
auditor's report thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2021, all as included in the 2021 Annual Report; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/RFA_2021_Gruppo_CDP_ENG.
pdf 
4. 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's 
report thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020 
and the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements (including the 
auditor's report thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2020, all as included in the 2020 Annual Report; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/CDP-Annual-Report-
2020_ENG.pdf 
5. 
the previous Base Prospectus dated 14 May 2021 (the "2021 Base 
Prospectus") prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/CDP-DIP-Update-2021-Base-
Prospectus_14-5-2021.pdf 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of the 
Euronext Dublin and at the following website: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/debt_issuance_programme.page 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the auditor’s report and for 
the notes, the balance sheet, the income statement, the statement of comprehensive 
income, the changes in equity and the cash flow statement, in the Financial 
Statements above mentioned as set out in the Annual Reports published on the 
Issuer's website (www.cdp.it).

--- Page 45 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 44 - 
47-41034559 
 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents 
specified above which is not included in the cross-reference list in this Base 
Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 45 - 
47-41034559 
 
2021 Annual Report 
Non-consolidated 
financial statements 
Page 
Reference 
 
Consolidated financial 
statements 
Page 
Reference 
1. Balance sheet 
96-97 
 1. Balance sheet 
329-330 
2. Income statement 
98 
 2. Income statement 
331 
3. Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
98 
 3. Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
332 
4. Changes in equity 
100-101 
 4. Changes in equity 
333-334 
5. Cash 
flow 
statement 
102 
 5. Cash flow statement 
335-336 
6. Notes to annual 
financial 
statements 
103-292; 
677 -  
onwards  
 6. Notes 
to 
annual 
financial statements  
337-667 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
Independent 
auditor’s report 
Page 
Reference  
 
Independent auditor’s 
report 
Page 
Reference 
 
 
 
 
 
Auditor’s report 
315-320 
 Auditor’s report 
668-673

--- Page 47 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 46 - 
47-41034559 
 
2020 Annual Report 
Non-consolidated 
financial statements 
Page 
Reference 
 
Consolidated financial 
statements 
Page 
Reference 
1. Balance sheet 
96-97 
 1. Balance sheet 
290-291 
2. Income statement 
98 
 2. Income statement 
292 
3. Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
99 
 3. Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
293 
4. Changes in equity 
100-101 
 4. Changes in equity 
294-295 
5. Cash 
flow 
statement 
102-103 
 5. Cash flow statement 
296-297 
6. Notes to annual 
financial 
statements 
104-266 
 6. Notes 
to 
annual 
financial statements 
298-599 
 
 
  
 
Independent 
auditor’s report 
Page 
Reference  
 
Independent auditor’s 
report 
Page 
Reference 
 
 
 
 
 
Auditor’s report 
277-282 
 Auditor’s report 
600-606 
 
 
  
 
2021 Base Prospectus 
 
Page 
Reference 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
48-88 
 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agent (as defined herein), provide, 
free of charge, upon oral or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any 
document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). Written or telephone 
requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of the Paying 
Agent. 
The non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2021, and the consolidated financial statements of CDP Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2021, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
The non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2020, and the consolidated financial statements of CDP Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2020, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A.  
The foregoing Financial Statements, which attach those reports, are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The non-consolidated financial statements and the consolidated financial statements 
referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
(IASB), including the SIC and IFRIC interpretations, endorsed by the European Union,

--- Page 48 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 47 - 
47-41034559 
 
as provided by Regulation (EC) No. 1606 of 19 July 2002, published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union L. 243 on 11 September 2002. 
To the extent applicable, the non-consolidated financial statements and the 
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of Circular No. 262 
of the Bank of Italy of 22 December 2005 as amended, which establishes the 
mandatory financial statements formats and compilation procedures, and also the 
contents of the notes to the financial statements.

--- Page 49 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 48 - 
47-41034559 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by 
the Issuer and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained 
in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable 
of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 49 - 
47-41034559 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") 
which, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms will apply to each Series of Notes. 
In these Conditions, references to the "holder" of a Note or to "Noteholders" are to 
the beneficial owners of Notes issued in dematerialised form and evidenced in book 
entry form with Monte Titoli S.p.A. pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of Notes. Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") are intermediaries authorised to operate through Monte Titoli S.p.A.. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Programme: Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a 
Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to Euro 
15,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes. Such maximum 
amount may be increased at any time in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement (as defined below). 
1.2 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
"Series") comprised of one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes 
which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series and (b) 
have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the 
same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. Each Tranche is the 
subject of the Final Terms prepared in relation to such Tranche (each, the 
"Final Terms") which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Series of Notes are these Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. 
1.3 
Agency Agreement: On 12 May 2022, the Issuer has entered into an amended 
and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, the "Agency Agreement") with BNP Paribas Securities Services as 
principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression 
includes any successor principal paying agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), in relation to certain payment services in respect of 
the Notes. 
1.4 
The Notes: References herein to "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of 
the relevant Series which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of 
the relevant Final Terms (where Notes the subject thereof are listed on the 
Official List of the Euronext Dublin) are available for inspection by Noteholders 
during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Listing Agent, the 
initial Specified Office of which is Walkers Listing Services Limited, 5th Floor, 
The Exchange, George’s Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland. 
1.5 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the 
Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of 
the Notes are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of

--- Page 51 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 50 - 
47-41034559 
 
the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement 
are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of the Paying Agent, the initial Specified Offices of which are 
set out below. 
1.6 
Rules of Organisation of Noteholders: The rights and powers of the Noteholders 
may only be exercised in accordance with the relevant rules of organisation of 
Noteholders attached to the Agency Agreement (respectively, the "Rules of 
Organisation") which are deemed to form part of these Conditions. The 
Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have 
the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Rules of Organisation. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of 
which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each 
Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Article 5" means article 5 of Italian Law Decree No. 269 of 30 September 2003 
(as converted with amendments into Law No. 326 of 24 November 2003), as 
subsequently amended and restated; 
"CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation" means the regulation issued jointly 
by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented; 
"Business Day" means (other than in respect of Notes for which the Reference 
Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final Terms): 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and

--- Page 52 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 51 - 
47-41034559 
 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant 
currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the 
meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates 
and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date 
shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified 
Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for 
which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment 
Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue 
during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment 
Date; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date 
shall be brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which 
numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar 
month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which any such date should occur, then such date will 
be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then such date will be the first following day which 
is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, 
in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar 
month which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates 
will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month 
which is the specified number of months after the calendar month 
in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention;

--- Page 53 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 52 - 
47-41034559 
 
"Calculation Agent" means the entity specified in the relevant Final Terms to 
act as calculation agent in respect of the relevant Notes pursuant to the 
Conditions, the relevant Final Terms and the Agency Agreement; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap" means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as 
a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Rate 1" and "CMS Rate 2" shall mean the CMS Rate with a particular 
Designated Maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where 
the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five major 
banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is 
United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five major banks in 
the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five major banks in 
the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for 
any period of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may 
be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Regular Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, 
the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Regular Period in which it begins divided by 
the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the next Regular Period divided by the product of 
(a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and 
(2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;

--- Page 54 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 53 - 
47-41034559 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the 31 day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month 
of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
and 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the date of final 
maturity is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month 
of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
"Dealer Agreement" means the dealer agreement entered into on 12 May 2022 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time) by the Issuer, the Dealers and 
the Representative of the Noteholders setting out the terms of issue of any 
Series of Notes and the terms of appointment of the Representative of the 
Noteholders in respect of each such Series, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given thereto in the Rules of 
Organisation; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount, subject to any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 55 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 54 - 
47-41034559 
 
"Floor" means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any 
obligation of another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without 
limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other 
securities or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for 
the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of 
such Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts 
which would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or 
services the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 
days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, 
any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect 
of a borrowing. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means, in relation to any Series or Tranche 
of Notes, the Issue Date of such Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, 
if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the 
same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention;

--- Page 56 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 55 - 
47-41034559 
 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional 
booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Legislative Decree No. 58" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as subsequently amended; 
"Leverage" means a percentage number as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Margin" means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given thereto in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given thereto in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A., with registered office and principal 
place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy, or any successor 
clearing system thereto; 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli 
and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined 
in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined 
in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given thereto in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given thereto in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 57 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 56 - 
47-41034559 
 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European 
Communities which adopts the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with 
the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are 
open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not Euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are 
open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint 
venture, association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, 
whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member 
State of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) 
by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or 
Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice to be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the 
Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per 
annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 58 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 57 - 
47-41034559 
 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put), or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market 
that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the 
next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the 
first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling 
in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the 
end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) 
the date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full 
amount payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the 
Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section 
or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person

--- Page 59 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 58 - 
47-41034559 
 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means,  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of 
a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal 
to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Representative of the Noteholders" means BNP Paribas Securities Services 
as representative of the Noteholders of a relevant Series of Notes, appointed 
in the Subscription Agreement entered into in relation to each Series of Notes 
pursuant to the Dealer Agreement and set out in the relevant Final Terms, or 
any successor thereto appointed in accordance with the Rules of Organisation; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security 
interest including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing 
under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given thereto in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any 
particular time, any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to 
control, whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to

--- Page 60 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 59 - 
47-41034559 
 
appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second Person 
or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and 
generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the 
first Person; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System 
is open; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as 
amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
2.2 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption 
Amount, any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be 
payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect 
of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts in respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 
(Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 to have the meaning given 
thereto in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives 
no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" 
then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(v) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a 
reference to the Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
3.1 
Form: The Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in dematerialised form 
on behalf of the beneficial owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holders as of their respective date of issue. Monte Titoli 
shall act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
3.2 
Book entries: The Notes will at all times be evidenced by book-entries pursuant 
to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 and in accordance with

--- Page 61 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 60 - 
47-41034559 
 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. No physical document of title will be 
issued in respect of the Notes. 
3.3 
Denomination: The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series of Notes will have one denomination 
only. 
3.4 
Types of Notes: The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, 
Zero Coupon Notes, Partly Paid Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among 
themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
5.1 
Application: This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the 
Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
5.2 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their principal amount (or, if they 
are Partly Paid Notes, on the aggregate amount paid up) from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will 
cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (as well after as 
before judgment) until the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder. 
5.3 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the 
Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
5.4 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of 
each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the principal amount of such Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the 
aggregate amount paid up) multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose 
a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent.

--- Page 62 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 61 - 
47-41034559 
 
6. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
6.1 
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to 
the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
6.2 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their nominal amount (or, if they 
are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of 
the relevant Noteholder. 
6.3 
Screen Rate Determination (other than CMS Linked Interest Notes): If Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 6.13, 
be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA and/or SOFR is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied 
by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in 
the case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or 
if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the 
Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate 
at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being 
the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation

--- Page 63 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 62 - 
47-41034559 
 
Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the 
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate 
or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period for which such 
rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
6.4 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: Where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6.13, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be: 
(a) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(b) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x CMS Rate 
(c) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate 2" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x CMS Rate + Margin 
(d) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(i) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2

--- Page 64 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 63 - 
47-41034559 
 
or 
(ii) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
Leverage x [(Min (CMS Rate 1; Cap – CMS Rate 2)] + Margin 
(e) 
where "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x Min [Max (CMS Rate + Margin; Floor); Cap] 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as considered 
appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance 
with standard market practice. 
6.5 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(a) 
This Condition 6.5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(b) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.5: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 65 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 64 - 
47-41034559 
 
቎ෑ൬1 ൅ 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜ି௣௅஻஽ x 𝑛௜
365
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
െ1቏x 365
𝑑 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including , the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is

--- Page 66 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 65 - 
47-41034559 
 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
(d) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA 
Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation), 
be:  
(i)  
(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(ii)  
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
(e) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 6.5, the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which

--- Page 67 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 66 - 
47-41034559 
 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
(f) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events 
of default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the 
definition specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes 
became due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long 
as the Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date 
6.6 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(a) 
This Condition 6.6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(b) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In no event will the Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.6: 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 6.6. (Floating Rate 
Notes referencing SOFR). 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those 
cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001):

--- Page 68 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 67 - 
47-41034559 
 
where:  
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such 
period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final

--- Page 69 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 68 - 
47-41034559 
 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i)  
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); or 
(ii)  
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities; 
(d) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation 
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor,

--- Page 70 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 69 - 
47-41034559 
 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to 
the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the 
Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily 
SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i)  
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or

--- Page 71 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 70 - 
47-41034559 
 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of 
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court

--- Page 72 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 71 - 
47-41034559 
 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and 
(ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the 
Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(e) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under this Condition 6.6 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to 
the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent or any other party specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest 
and, in accordance with Condition 18, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take 
effect.  
6.7 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the 
sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under

--- Page 73 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 72 - 
47-41034559 
 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which, if the Final 
Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) 
if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the Euro-zone inter-bank 
offered rate (EURIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest 
Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6.8 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate 
of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
6.9 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in 
relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount of such Note (or, if it is a Partly Paid Note, the aggregate 
amount paid up) during such Interest Period and multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit rounded upwards). For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the 
amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
6.10 Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any 
other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is, 
as the case may be, to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6.11 Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and 
any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant 
payment date(s) to be notified in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) to the 
Paying Agent, Monte Titoli, the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders,

--- Page 74 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 73 - 
47-41034559 
 
the Euronext Dublin or each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the 
case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in 
any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
6.12 Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the other Paying Agent(s), the 
Representative of the Noteholders and the Noteholders (subject as aforesaid) 
and no liability to any such person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
6.13 Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6, if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR) at any time when these Conditions provide for any 
remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, or, alternatively, if there is 
no such Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 6.13 (iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 6.13(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.13 shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in 
consultation with the Issuer and (in the absence of bad faith, fraud or 
gross negligence) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with to the operation of this 
Condition 6.13. 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6.13 (iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to

--- Page 75 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 74 - 
47-41034559 
 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 6.13); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 6.13 (iii)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6.13). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be for each subsequent determination 
of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.13 
and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions (including without limitation, amendments to the definitions of 
Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Relevant Screen Page, Interest 
Determination Date, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Reference Banks, Principal Financial Centre, Business Day Convention 
or Additional Business Centre) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, and 
subject to the Issuer giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
6.13 (v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
6.13 (iv), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: The Issuer shall notify the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent or any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and, in 
accordance with Condition 18, the Noteholders promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
6.13. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 76 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 75 - 
47-41034559 
 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice 
will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest, the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations 
of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 6.13, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.3 
will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred 
and only then once the Paying Agents and Calculation Agent or such 
other party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, have 
been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark 
Amendments (if applicable) in accordance with Condition 6.13 (v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) pursuant 
to this Condition 6.13 by such Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6.13 shall apply to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any 
subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.13.

--- Page 77 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 76 - 
47-41034559 
 
(viii) 
Definitions: In this Condition 6.13: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, zero or 
negative), or the quantum of the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines should be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, quantum formula or methodology which: 
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate to the 
Original Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.13 (ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate 
in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) or if no such rate exists, the rate which is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate, for a comparable interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.13 (iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period 
of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that (in circumstances where no successor administrator

--- Page 78 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 77 - 
47-41034559 
 
has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to 
do so by a specified future date; 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has 
been, or will, by a specified future date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means that the Original Reference 
Rate will, by a specified future date, be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, the 
Original Reference Rate is or will by a specified future date be no 
longer representative of an underlying market or (ii) the 
methodology to calculate such Original Reference Rate has 
materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has, or will, by a specified date within the following six months, 
become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or 
such other party as specified in the relevant Final Terms to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant 
Benchmark Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), 
(C), (D), or (E) above and the specified future date in the public 
statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur 
until the date falling six months prior to such specified future date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
international capital markets expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
6.13 at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate 
used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the Original Reference 
Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which

--- Page 79 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 78 - 
47-41034559 
 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
7.1 
Application: This Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to 
the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
7.2 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to 
the Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder. 
8. 
Partly Paid Notes Provisions 
Accrual of interest: In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid 
Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest will accrue on the paid-up 
aggregate nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
9.1 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments).

--- Page 80 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 79 - 
47-41034559 
 
9.2 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and the Representative of the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, 
if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts 
as provided or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the 
Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the relevant Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 
60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Representative of the Noteholders (A) a certificate 
signed by a senior officer of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of 
and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice 
as is referred to in this Condition 9.2, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 9.2.

--- Page 81 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 80 - 
47-41034559 
 
9.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders and the Representative of the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such 
date). 
9.4 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be divided among all the Noteholders 
of the relevant Series pro rata to the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
then held by the individual Noteholders. 
9.5 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to 
exercise the option contained in this Condition 9.5, the holder of a Note must, 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent, with a copy to the 
Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders, a duly completed irrevocable 
Put Option Notice in the form attached to the Agency Agreement. Upon delivery 
of a Put Option Notice and up to and including the Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), no transfer of title to the Note(s) for which the Put Option Notice will be 
allowed. At least 5 Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent shall notify Monte Titoli of the amount 
of Notes to be redeemed on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) and the 
aggregate Optional Redemption Amount (Put). 
9.6 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes 
otherwise than as provided in paragraphs 9.1 to 9.5 above. 
9.7 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero 
Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to 
the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which the Note becomes due and payable. 
9.8 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number 
of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be

--- Page 82 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 81 - 
47-41034559 
 
made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9.8 or, if none is so specified, a Day 
Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
9.9 
Redemption of Partly Paid Notes: If the Notes are Partly Paid Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, they will be redeemed, 
whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 9 and the applicable Final Terms. 
9.10 Purchase: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the 
option of the Issuer, cancelled.  
9.11 Cancellation: All Notes which are redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with 
this Condition 9 shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.  
10. 
Payments 
10.1 Principal and interest: Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be credited, according to the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the relevant 
Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer to the accounts of those banks and 
authorised brokers whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those 
Notes and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such 
aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those 
Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those 
Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
10.2 Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are 
subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 
(Taxation), and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
10.3 Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment 
in respect of any such delay. 
10.4 Principal Paying Agent: The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and to appoint another 
Principal Paying Agent. The Issuer will cause at least 30 days' prior notice of 
any replacement of the Principal Paying Agent to be given in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices).

--- Page 83 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 82 - 
47-41034559 
 
11. 
Taxation 
11.1 Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the 
Issuer, shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy, 
as the case may be, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result 
in the receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received 
by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note: 
(i) 
held by a relevant holder or beneficial owner of the Notes which is liable 
to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect 
of such Note by reason of its having some connection with the Republic 
of Italy (including, by way of example, being a resident of the Republic 
of Italy) other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
(ii) 
held by any Noteholder who would be entitled to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by making a declaration of residence or non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption and fails to do so in due time; 
(iii) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on principal, interest or other 
proceeds of any Note on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239, as amended or supplemented from 
time to time; 
(iv) 
in relation to any payments to be requested more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder would have 
been entitled to such additional amounts if it had requested such 
payment in respect of such Note on the last day of such period of 30 
days; 
(v) 
if such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto; 
(vi) 
in relation to any payment to be requested in the Republic of Italy; and 
(vii) 
any combination of items (i) through (vi). 
11.2 Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy references in these Conditions to the 
Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or 
such other jurisdiction.

--- Page 84 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 83 - 
47-41034559 
 
12. 
Events of Default 
12.1 If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is 
continuing, then the Representative of the Noteholders at its discretion may and, 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of all outstanding Series of Notes, 
shall (subject, in the case of the occurrence of any of the events mentioned in 
paragraph (b) (Breach of other obligations) below, to the Representative of the 
Noteholders having certified in writing that the happening of such event is in its 
opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and, in all cases, 
to the Representative of the Noteholders having been indemnified or provided 
with security to its satisfaction), give written notice to the Issuer declaring the 
Notes to be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become 
immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with accrued 
interest without further action or formality: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect 
of the Notes within one day, or fails to pay any amount of interest in 
respect of the Notes within three days, in each case, of the due date for 
payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other material obligations under or in respect of 
the Notes and such default (i) is, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Noteholders, incapable of remedy or (ii) being a default which is, in 
the opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders, capable of remedy 
remains unremedied for 30 days or such longer period as the 
Representative of the Noteholders may agree upon with the Issuer, after 
the Representative of the Noteholders has given written notice thereof 
to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer: 
(1) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer which, taken individually or in the 
aggregate, exceeds EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency or currencies) (i) is not paid when due or (as the 
case may be) within any applicable grace period, or (ii) becomes 
due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of default 
(howsoever described) by the Issuer; or 
(2) 
the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any Guarantee of any Indebtedness, taken individually or in the 
aggregate, in excess of EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which 
no further appeal or judicial review is permissible under applicable law 
for the payment of any amount/an amount in excess of Euro 10,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), in aggregate, is 
rendered against the Issuer and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed 
for a period of 60 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein 
specified for payment; or

--- Page 85 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 84 - 
47-41034559 
 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, 
manager or other similar officer is appointed, of the whole or a 
substantial (in the opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders) part 
of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, and such taking 
of possession or appointment is not terminated within 90 days of the date 
hereof; or 
(f) 
Insolvency: the Issuer: 
(1) 
 is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(2) 
becomes subject to any bankruptcy, compulsory liquidation, or 
otherwise becomes subject to or initiates or consents to judicial or 
administrative proceedings under any applicable insolvency, 
liquidation, composition, or other similar laws; or 
(3) 
ceases generally to pay its debts or admits in writing its inability to 
pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(4) 
enters into, or passes any resolution for, or becomes subject to 
any order by any competent court or administrative agency, or 
takes any action in relation to: 
(A) 
any arrangement with its creditors generally or any calls of 
creditors; or 
(B) 
the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, 
administrator, trustee, or other similar official in relation to 
the Issuer of the whole or substantially the whole of its 
undertakings or assets; or 
(g) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than 
for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(h) 
Unlawfulness: it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or 
(i) 
Corporate Reorganisation: the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to 
carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for (i) the 
purposes of a reorganisation, restructuring, merger, amalgamation 
transfer or contribution of assets or other similar transaction on terms 
approved by the Representative of the Noteholders or (ii) the purposes 
of a Permitted Reorganisation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
Permitted Reorganisation means, in respect of the Issuer, an 
amalgamation, 
merger, 
spin-off, 
reconstruction, 
reorganisation, 
restructuring, transfer or contribution of assets or other similar 
transaction (a relevant transaction) whilst solvent and whereby:

--- Page 86 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 85 - 
47-41034559 
 
(a) 
to the extent that the Issuer is not a surviving entity, the resulting 
company is a Successor in Business of the Issuer. Successor in 
Business means, in relation to the Issuer, any company which, 
as a result of relevant transaction, (i) assumes the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes, and (ii) carries on, as a 
successor to the Issuer, the whole or substantially the whole of 
the business carried on by the Issuer immediately prior thereto 
and (iii) beneficially owns the whole or substantially the whole of 
the undertaking, property and assets owned by the Issuer 
immediately prior thereto, or (iv) where item (ii) or (iii) is not 
complied with, no Rating Agency has announced a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of the Successor in Business or the Notes 
during the 90-day period following the announcement of a 
definitive agreement in respect of the relevant transaction, in each 
case to the extent ratings are assigned at the relevant time; or 
(b) 
to the extent that the Issuer is the surviving entity, the relevant 
transaction has no material adverse effect on the ability of the 
Issuer to perform all its liabilities (payment and otherwise) in 
respect of all then existing obligations of the Issuer of the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, "material adverse effect" will 
be deemed not to have occurred where no Rating Agency has 
announced a Rating Downgrade in respect of the Issuer or the 
Notes during the 90-day period following the announcement of a 
definitive agreement in respect of the relevant transaction, in each 
case to the extent ratings are assigned at the relevant time. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of its subsidiaries or 
their successors; 
"Rating Agency" means any of S&P, Fitch and Scope; 
"Rating Date" means the date falling one business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in London) prior to 
the public announcement of a definitive agreement in respect of the 
relevant transaction; 
"Rating Downgrade" means that the rating of the Notes or the Issuer 
which was assigned or existing as of the Rating Date by any Rating 
Agency is downgraded by at least one rating category below such rating 
of the Notes or, as appropriate, of the Issuer by such Rating Agency, 
and the official statement issued by such Rating Agency announcing the 
Rating Downgrade refers to the relevant transaction as a reason, in 
whole or in part, for such downgrade; 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of the 
McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or their 
successors; 
"Scope" means Scope Ratings GmbH or any of its subsidiaries or their 
successors; or

--- Page 87 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 86 - 
47-41034559 
 
(j) 
Failure to Take Action: at any time any act, condition or thing which is 
required to be done, fulfilled or performed by the Issuer in order (i) to 
enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights under and 
perform the obligations expressed to be assumed by it under and in 
respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable or (iii) to make the Notes admissible in evidence 
in the Republic of Italy, is not done, fulfilled or performed. 
13. 
Enforcement 
13.1 No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer to enforce its rights 
under the Notes unless the relevant action has been previously approved at a 
Meeting of the holders of all outstanding Series of Notes and the relevant 
Representative of the Noteholders has failed to take such action within a 
reasonable period of time. Following the service of a notice of occurrence of an 
Event of Default, the Representative of the Noteholders, in its capacity as legal 
representative of the Noteholders, shall be entitled, pursuant to articles 1411 
and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, and subject to being previously indemnified 
and secured to its or their satisfaction by the Noteholders, to commence any 
action against the Issuer in the interest of the Noteholders. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modifications, Consents and Waivers; the 
Representative of the Noteholders 
14.1 Meetings of Noteholders: The Rules of Organisation scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement contain provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of a modification of the Notes 
(including these Conditions). 
14.2 Regard to Noteholders: The Representative of the Noteholders of each Series 
of Notes is required, in connection with the exercise of its powers, authorities, 
duties and discretions under or in relation to the relevant Notes (including these 
Conditions), to have regard to the interests of the Noteholders, it shall have 
regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and, in particular but 
without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall not have regard to, or 
be in any way liable for, the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, 
or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory and the Representative of the Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any 
other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence 
of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders. 
14.3 Appointment of the Representative of the Noteholders: The appointment of the 
Representative of the Noteholders is made in the relevant Subscription 
Agreement in connection with any issue of Notes pursuant to the Dealer 
Agreement and confirmed in the relevant Final Terms. Each Noteholder is 
deemed to accept such appointment. The Representative of the Noteholders 
may be replaced in accordance with the provisions set out in the Rules of 
Organisation.

--- Page 88 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 87 - 
47-41034559 
 
14.4 Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended with the 
consent of the Representative of the Noteholders but, without the need of 
convening a meeting of the relevant Noteholders (albeit without prejudice to the 
right of the Representative of the Noteholders to call such a meeting) to correct 
a manifest error or to effect a modification which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
14.5 For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
15. 
Prescription 
15.1 Claims against the Issuer for payments in respect of the Notes shall be 
prescribed and shall become void unless made within ten years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date in respect 
thereof. 
15.2 In this Condition 15 (Prescription), the "Relevant Date", in respect of a Note, is 
the date on which a payment in respect thereof first becomes due and payable 
or (if the full amount of the monies payable in respect of all Notes and accrued 
on or before that date has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Representative of the Noteholders on or prior to such date) the date on 
which notice that the full amount of such monies has been received is duly given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
16. 
Agents 
16.1 In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the 
Paying Agent act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Noteholders. 
16.2 The initial Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer and its initial specified office is 
listed below. The Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Paying Agent and to appoint a successor paying agent or 
Principal Paying Agent and additional or successor paying agents, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain: 
(a) 
a Principal Paying Agent in Italy whilst the Notes are deposited with 
Monte Titoli; 
(b) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any 
particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its 
specified office in the place required by such listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(c) 
a Calculation Agent in relation to each Series of Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 88 - 
47-41034559 
 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent or 
in their specified offices shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
17. 
Further Issues 
17.1 The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest 
and the issue price) so as to form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
18.1 Publication: Any notice regarding the Notes, as long as the Notes are held 
through Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to have been duly given through the 
systems of Monte Titoli, and, as long as the Notes are listed on the Euronext 
Dublin and the rules of such exchange so require, if published on the Euronext 
Dublin website https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which 
publication is made in the manner required in one of the newspapers referred 
to above. 
18.2 Variation: The Representative of the Noteholders shall be at liberty to sanction 
some other method of giving notice to Noteholders of the relevant Series if, in 
its or their opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market 
practice then prevailing and to the rules of the stock exchange on which the 
Notes are then listed and provided that notice of such other method is given to 
the Noteholders in such manner as the Representative of the Noteholders shall 
require. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
19.1 If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the 
"first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such 
order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining 
an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each 
Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the 
rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the 
first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at 
which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in 
satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer 
and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 90 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 89 - 
47-41034559 
 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards 
to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning 
21.1 Application: This Condition 21 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and 
Reconventioning) is applicable to the Notes only if it is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
21.2 Notice of redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, 
announces its intention to become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior 
notice to the Noteholders and the Paying Agent, designate a date (the 
"Redenomination Date"), being an Interest Payment Date under the Notes 
falling on or after the date on which such country becomes a Participating 
Member State. 
21.3 Redenomination: Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with 
effect from the Redenomination Date: 
(i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into Euro in the 
denomination of Euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal 
to the principal amount of that Note in the Specified Currency, converted 
into Euro at the rate for conversion of such currency into Euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty 
(including compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with 
European Community regulations); provided, however, that, if the Issuer 
determines, with the agreement of the Principal Paying Agent then 
market practice in respect of the redenomination into Euro 0.01 of 
internationally offered securities is different from that specified above, 
such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with 
such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, 
each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the 
Redenomination Date is on or after such date as the Specified Currency 
ceases to be a sub-division of the Euro, payments of interest in respect 
of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date) will be made

--- Page 91 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 90 - 
47-41034559 
 
solely in Euro by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of any Member State 
of the European Communities. 
21.4 Interest Determination Date: If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, with effect from the Redenomination Date the 
Interest Determination date shall be deemed to be the second TARGET 
Settlement Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
22.1 Governing law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
22.2 Jurisdiction: The courts of Rome are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising from or connected with the Notes.

--- Page 92 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 91 - 
47-41034559 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS1 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive") , where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 , where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
 
 
1 In case of issuance of unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market, all 
Prospectus Regulation language will be removed from the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 93 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 92 - 
47-41034559 
 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] . Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification - Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 81560029E2CE4D14F425 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 12 May 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] [and [●]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended or superseded) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].]

--- Page 94 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 93 - 
47-41034559 
 
[Full information on the Issuer and the Notes described herein is only available on the 
basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing on the website of CDP, www.cdp.it, as well as on the 
website of the Euronext Dublin, https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. Copies 
may be obtained from the Issuer during normal business hours at [address].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 14 May 2021. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded) (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing on the website of CDP www.cdp.it, as well as on the 
website of the Euronext Dublin, https://www.euronext.com. Copies may be obtained 
from the Issuer during normal business hours at [address]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note 
that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is 
indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)]  
Series Number: 
[●] 
[(ii)  
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(iii)  Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [Tranche [●]] of [Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date] 
2. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
 
[(i)]  
Series: 
[●]

--- Page 95 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 94 - 
47-41034559 
 
[(ii)  
Tranche: 
[●]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
[(i)]  
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA and which have 
a maturity of less than one year must 
have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies)) 
[(ii)]  Calculation Amount: 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. If 
more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. There 
must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
[(ii)]  Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
[●] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes 
Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]] 
[[EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR] [+/– [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest Rate] 
(see paragraph [13/14/15] below) 
9. 
Change of Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify the date when any change from 
fixed to floating rate or vice versa occurs 
or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there)

--- Page 96 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 95 - 
47-41034559 
 
10
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(see paragraph [15/16] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
11
Partly Paid: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph 22 below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date] 
(ii)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to, and including, the 
Maturity Date (Amend appropriately in the 
case of irregular coupons) [, adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (vii) below /not 
adjusted] 
(iii)  
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv)  
Fixed Coupon Amount for a  
short or long Interest Period 
("Broken Amount(s)"): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]) 
(v)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365] / 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]  
(vi)  
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of 
a long or short first or last coupon. N.B.

--- Page 97 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 96 - 
47-41034559 
 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual ([ICMA)) 
(vii)  Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ Not Applicable] 
13
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Interest Period(s) 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (iii) below/not adjusted] 
(ii)  
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (iii) below/not adjusted] 
(iii)  
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iv)  
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
(v)  
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vi)  
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[●] 
(vii)  Screen Rate Determination:  
● 
Reference Rate: 
[For example, EURIBOR, SONIA, or 
SOFR]/[CMS Reference Rate/Leveraged 
CMS Reference Rate/Leveraged CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
2/Steepner 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call 
CMS 
Reference Rate] 
 Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business

--- Page 98 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 97 - 
47-41034559 
 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days 
/Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified 
for the Lag Period or Observation Shift 
Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
 D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Currency: [●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: [●]/[The CMS Rate 
having a Designated Maturity of [●] shall 
be "CMS Rate 1" and the CMS Rate 
having a Designated Maturity of [●] shall 
be "CMS Rate 2"] 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify 
the Designated Maturity for each relevant 
CMS Rate) 
● 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest 
Note, specify relevant screen page and 
any applicable headings and captions) 
● 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is euro): [Second 
day on which the TARGET2 system is 
open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is other than euro): 
[Second (specify type of day) prior to the 
start of each Interest Period]

--- Page 99 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 98 - 
47-41034559 
 
● 
Relevant Time: 
[For 
example, 
11.00 
a.m. 
London 
time/Brussels time] 
● 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised 
of the countries whose lawful currency is 
the euro)] 
● 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
● 
Floor: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
● 
Leverage: 
[[●] per cent.] 
(viii)  ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period. In the 
case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, if 
based on euro then the first day of each 
Interest Period and if otherwise to be 
checked) 
(ix)  
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent per annum 
(x)  
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0] / [●] per cent per annum 
(xi)  
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum 
(xii)  Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365] / 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]  
14
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
(ii)  
Reference Price: 
[●]

--- Page 100 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 99 - 
47-41034559 
 
(iii)  
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365] / 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii)  
Redemption in part 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Agent 
or 
the 
Representative of the Noteholders) 
16
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 101 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 100 - 
47-41034559 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent or Representative of 
the Noteholders) 
17
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
The principal amount of each Note, being 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
18
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of 
default or other early redemption: 
[[Not Applicable] / [[●] per Calculation 
Amount]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
19
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not the end dates 
of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest] 
21
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition [●]] apply] 
22
Details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes (amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to 
be made and consequences (if 
any) of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due on late 
payment): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(N.B. Note that payments of the Issue 
Price in relation to Partly Paid Notes will 
be effected in a maximum of 10 
instalments during a maximum period of 
3 months from the Issue Date) 
23
[Representative 
of 
the 
Noteholders] 
[BNP Paribas Securities Services]/[●]]

--- Page 102 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 101 - 
47-41034559 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 103 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 102 - 
47-41034559 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)  
Listing: 
[The Official List of Euronext Dublin] / 
[and] 
[the 
professional 
segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading 
facility 
(ExtraMOT 
Market) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.] / [None] 
(ii)  
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made [is expected 
to be made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the [Regulated Market of the Euronext 
Dublin] [and] [the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading 
facility 
(ExtraMOT 
Market) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.] 
with 
effect 
from 
[●].] 
[Not 
Applicable.] 
(iii)  
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/have 
not been/are expected to be] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
[Scope [•]] 
 
[[•] [•]] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation including option to refer to 
any endorsement or certification under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as

--- Page 104 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 103 - 
47-41034559 
 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
(UK).] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, but that has applied for 
registration. Details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"), although notification of the

--- Page 105 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 104 - 
47-41034559 
 
corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent 
authority]/[European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
that [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, and has not applied for 
registration, and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and is neither 
registered 
nor 
has 
it 
applied 
for

--- Page 106 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 105 - 
47-41034559 
 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and is neither registered nor has it applied 
for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
that [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK – 
including option to refer to any 
endorsement or certification under the 
EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the UK and registered

--- Page 107 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 106 - 
47-41034559 
 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
[[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on [UK 
FCA's Financial Services Register]. [The 
rating that [insert legal name of particular 
UK credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of EU credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal 
name of particular UK credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation)").] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
(EU). 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the 
EEA but the relevant rating is endorsed 
by a CRA which is established and 
registered 
under 
the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of EU credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") [and] [insert legal

--- Page 108 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 107 - 
47-41034559 
 
name of UK credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
Option 6 – CRA not established in the 
EEA 
and 
relevant 
rating 
is 
not 
endorsed 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
but CRA is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation AND/OR the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but is certified 
under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") [and] [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in 
the EEA nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in either the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 109 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 108 - 
47-41034559 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below:] 
"[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)"] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to 
whether such matters described constitute “significant new factors” and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[See 
"Use 
of 
Proceeds" 
in 
Base 
Prospectus] / (If the Notes are Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds describe the relevant projects to 
which the net proceeds of the Tranche of 
Notes will be applied or make reference to 
the relevant bond framework to which the 
net proceeds of the Tranche of Notes will 
be applied.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATE (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg]. / [Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Monte 
Titoli, 
Euroclear 
Bank 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s)]

--- Page 110 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 109 - 
47-41034559 
 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking Société Anonyme and the 
relevant identification number(s) 
and addresses: 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Dealers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses 
and underwriting commitments] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and 
addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are 
not the same as the Dealers.) 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/ give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/ give name and address] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling restriction: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; 
TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
9. 
CORPORATE AUTHORISATIONS 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] [registered with the Companies' 
Registry of [Rome] on [●] [and [●], 
respectively] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes) 
10. BENCHMARK

--- Page 111 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 110 - 
47-41034559 
 
 
(i) 
Benchmarks Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the 
Notes are calculated by reference to 
[EURIBOR] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR] 
[insert 
name[s] of benchmark(s)], which [is/are] 
provided by  [European Money Markets 
Institute] [Bank of England] [Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York] [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more 
than one specify in relation to each 
relevant benchmark]. 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]:  
As at the date hereof, [European Money 
Markets Institute] [Bank of England] 
[Federal Reserve Bank of New York]  
[Benchmark administrator] [appears] / 
[does not appear] on the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority pursuant to article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 
(the 
"Benchmarks 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, 
EITHER 
[European 
Money 
Markets Institute] [Bank of England] 
[Federal Reserve Bank of New York]  
[[Benchmark administrator] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation] 
OR 
[the 
transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[European Money Markets Institute] [Bank 
of England] [Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York]  [Benchmark administrator] is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union or the United 
Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)].]]

--- Page 112 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 111 - 
47-41034559 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CASSA DEPOSITI E PRESTITI S.P.A. 
INTRODUCTION 
Cassa depositi e prestiti società per azioni ("CDP" or the "Issuer") is a joint stock 
company (società per azioni) incorporated on 12 December 2003 under the laws of 
the Republic of Italy. The registered office of CDP and its principal place of business 
is Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome, Italy, telephone number +39 06 42211. CDP is enrolled 
in the Register of Companies of Rome with registration number and fiscal code 
80199230584. 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/homepage.page. The 
information on the website of the issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, 
unless expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
CDP's shares are not listed on any stock exchange.  
The credit ratings assigned to CDP are: 
i. 
BBB by S&P; 
ii. 
BBB by Fitch Ratings; 
iii. 
BBB+ by Scope; 
iv. 
Baa3 (Unsolicited) by Moody's. 
Each of the above is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and appears on the latest update of 
the 
list 
of 
registered 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website: 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk . 
(i) 'BBB' by S&P indicates that the Issuer exhibits adequate capacity to meet financial 
commitments, but more subject to adverse economic conditions; (ii) 'BBB' by Fitch 
Ratings indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low and that the 
capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse 
business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity; (iii) "BBB+" by 
Scope reflects an opinion of good credit quality; and (iv) 'Baa' by Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's") indicates that the issuer's debt securities are subject to moderate credit 
risk. The modifier "3" indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Tranche of 
Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating

--- Page 113 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 112 - 
47-41034559 
 
is provided by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
HISTORY 
CDP is the company resulting from the transformation of the Cassa depositi e prestiti 
– a national public body (amministrazione dello Stato) - into joint stock companies, 
pursuant to Law Decree No. 269 of 30 September 2003 ("Law Decree 269"). Law No. 
1270 of 17 May 1863 originally established Cassa depositi e prestiti through the 
merger of several financial institutions into the Public Debt General Department 
(Direzione Generale del Debito Pubblico). As such, for approximately one century, 
Cassa depositi e prestiti was a general department of the Ministry of Treasury of the 
Republic of Italy. However, Cassa depositi e prestiti maintained its financial and 
accounting autonomy from the Italian State. Pursuant to Law No. 197 of 13 May 1983 
("Law 197"), the General Department was abolished and Cassa depositi e prestiti was 
set up as an independent administration (amministrazione autonoma). Legislative 
Decree No. 284 of 30 July 1999 reformed Cassa depositi e prestiti and classified it as 
a national public body (amministrazione dello Stato) with legal status and regulatory, 
organisational, economic and accounting autonomy. 
Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 1, of Law Decree 269, Cassa depositi e prestiti was 
transformed and incorporated, as of 12 December 2003, as a joint stock company 
under the name "Cassa depositi e prestiti società per azioni" and all assets, liabilities, 
rights and obligations previously owned by or owed to Cassa depositi e prestiti were 
transferred to CDP, with the exception of certain assets and liabilities which were 
transferred to the MEF, in accordance with the provisions of Article 5. 
The duration of CDP, pursuant to article 4 of CDP's by-laws, is set until 31 December 
2100, unless otherwise extended by shareholders' resolution. In 2015, CDP was 
appointed as a National Promotional Bank (Istituto Nazionale di Promozione) by the 
Italian government, pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 826 of Law No. 208 of 28 
December 2015 (the "Stability Law 2016") and applicable EU legislation. 
REGULATION 
CDP operates in accordance with Italian law and in particular is mainly regulated by 
to the following laws and regulatory provisions: 
(i) 
Article 5 of Law Decree 269 setting out, inter alia, (a) the corporate purpose of 
CDP, (b) the structure of its financial management strategy, and (c) the special 
powers vested in the MEF in respect of CDP; 
(ii) 
the provisions of Title V of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
as amended (the “Banking Act”) as set out for intermediaries registered in the

--- Page 114 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 113 - 
47-41034559 
 
register established under Article 106 of the Banking Act, taking into 
consideration the characteristics of CDP and the special regulation of the 
Separate Account System; 
(iii) 
the provisions of the Italian Civil Code applicable to Italian companies, to the 
extent and in relation to aspects that are not regulated by special provisions 
regarding CDP; and 
(iv) 
the decrees of the MEF regarding, inter alia, CDP's share capital, its 
shareholdings, the special powers assigned to CDP, the latter's assets and 
liabilities and its business activities (including without limitation, the ministerial 
decrees respectively dated 5 December 2003, 18 June 2004, 6 October 2004, 
27 January 2005, 12 March 2009, 22 January 2010, 3 May 2011 and 12 April 
2016). 
GROUP STRUCTURE 
CDP is the main shareholder of certain major Italian companies operating in Italy and 
abroad. The following chart shows the structure of CDP's holdings2 as of 31 December 
2021:  
 
 
 
2 With regard to the inclusion of the SACE Group in the chart below, please refer to the footnote 3 below.

--- Page 115 ---
TYPE OF CONTROL / INFLUENCE
FUND MANAGEMENT RELATIONSHIP
Control
Significant influence
De facto control
Joint control
COMPANIES IN LIQUIDATION:
Pentagramma Romagna S.p.A. 100.00%
Pentagramma Piemonte S.p.A. 100.00%
Quadrifoglio Genova S.p.A. 100.00%
Quadrifoglio Brescia S.p.A. 50.00%
Quadrifoglio Piacenza S.p.A. 50.00%
Europrogetti & Finanza S.p.A. 31.80%
Bonafous S.p.A. 100.00%
Cinque Cerchi S.p.A. 100.00%
FSIA Investimenti S.r.l. 
Trevi Finanziaria Industriale S.p.A.(a)
IQ Made in Italy Investment Company 
S.p.A.
Euronext N.V.
Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A.
Renovit S.p.A. (c)
GreenIT S.P.A.
FSI Investimenti S.p.A.
Eni S.p.A.
Poste Italiane S.p.A.
Telecom Italia S.p.A.
Istituto della 
Enciclopedia Italiana 
fondata da Giovanni 
Treccani S.p.A.(b)
Istituto per il Credito 
Sportivo 
Elite S.p.A. 
ITsART S.p.A.
Redo SGR S.p.A.
European Investment 
Fund
25.96%
35.00%
9.81%
7.38%
2.21%
15.00%
51.00%
30.00%
1.11%
Rocco Forte Hotels Ltd 
Kedrion S.p.A.
Valvitalia Finanziaria S.p.A.
Nexi S.p.A
Inalca S.p.A.
Saipem S.p.A.
Fincantieri S.p.A.
12.55%
71.32%
100.00%
77.12%
59.10%
100.00%
23.00% 
25.06%
50.00%
8.28%
5.30%
28.40%
100.00%
25.67% 
50.00%
7.32%
51.00% 
30.00%
49.00%
CDP EQUITY S.p.A.
CDP RETI S.p.A.
CDP INDUSTRIA S.p.A.
Residenziale
Immobiliare 
2004 S.p.A.
Alfiere S.p.A.
M.T. Manifattura
Tabacchi S.p.A.
Consorzi e altri
100.00%
100.00%
40.00%
100.00%
100.00%
70.00%
100.00%
SIMEST S.p.A.
SACE FCT S.p.A.
SACE BT S.p.A.
SACE Srv S.r.l.
SACE do Brasil
African Trade
Insurance Company
Fondo Sviluppo Export
76.01%
100.00%
100.00%
100.00%
3.23% 
100.00%
100.00%
FINTENCA S.p.A.
CDP IMMOBILIARE S.r.l.
CDP IMMOBILIARE SGR S.p.A.
SACE S.p.A.
Ansaldo 
Energia S.p.A.
Open Fiber 
Holdings S.p.A
B.F. S.p.A.
Hotelturist S.p.A.
Webuild S.p.A. (d)
CDP Venture Capital
SGR S.p.A.
Fondo Italiano 
d’Investimento SGR 
S.p.A.
 QuattroR SGR S.p.A.
FSI SGR S.p.A.
F2i - Fondi Italiani per 
le Infrastrutture SGR 
S.p.A.
87.57%
60.00%
17.54%
45.95%
16.67%
70.00%
68.00%
40.00%
39.00%
14.01%
GROUP STRUCTURE
at 31 december 2021
(a) SACE holds a further 6.99%.
(b) Snam holds a further 1.26%
(c) Snam holds 60.05% of the company
(d) SACE holds 0.31%, Fincantieri holds 0.07% and Sace FCT holds 0.05%
13.49%
29.85%
31.35%
26.02%
Terna S.p.A.
Snam S.p.A.
Italgas S.p.A.
- 114 -

--- Page 116 ---
INVESTMENT FUNDS
INVESTMENT VEHICLES
CDP Venture Capital SGR S.p.A.
CDP Immobiliare SGR S.p.A.
Fondo Italiano 
d’Investimento SGR S.p.A.
FSI SGR S.p.A.
QuattroR SGR S.p.A.
F2i - Fondi Italiani per 
le Infrastrutture SGR S.p.A.
Other funds
Redo SGR S.p.A.
70.00%
70.00%
68.00%
39.00%
40.00%
14.01%
30.00%
95.23%
88.24%
100.00%
100.00%
100.00%
100.00%
71.43%
100.00%
100.00%
49.31%
90.91% 
100.00%
20.83%
74.56%
62.50%
77.76%
76.69%
20.83%
25.17%
5.44%
21.36%
10.16%
9.33%
11.77%
11.28%
12,90%
49.50%
36.90%
48.01%
18.49%
19.50%
14.58%
25.14%
21.87%
16.16%
33.33%
33.33%
17.55%
16.63%
quote A  35.81%
quote B    0.25%
quote A  41.96% 
quote B    0.21%
quote A  66.28% 
quote B  38.24%
quote A  65.15% 
   quote B  39.47%
quote A  8.05%
quote C  0.02%
4.17%
9.65% 
14.08%
13.42%
quote A 38.92%
quote B   1.20%
2.00%
9.01%
50.00%
3.57%
FoF VenturItaly (***)
Fondo Acceleratori (***)
Fondo Boost Innovation (***)
Fondo Evoluzione (***)
Fondo Technology Transfer - Comparto diretto (***)
Fondo Technology Transfer - Comparto indiretto (***)
Fondo Corporate Partners I - Comparto IndustryTech (***)
Fondo Investimento per la Valorizzazione Extra
Fondo Investimento per la Valorizzazione Plus
Fondo Investimento per l’abitare (FIA) 
Fondo Nazionale del Turismo - Comparto A
Fondo FIA 2
Fondo Italiano Consolidamento e Crescita 
Fondo Italiano Tecnologia e Crescita
FoF Fondo Italiano di Investimento 
FoF Private Equity Italia 
FoF Private Debt 
FoF Private Debt Italia (***)
FoF Venture Capital
Fondo Italiano di Investimento FII Venture 
Fondo AREF
Fondo EGO 
Fondo Opes (**)
Fondo Ver Capital
Fondo October 
Fondo Atlante 
Fondo Regio
Italian Recovery Fund 
Vertis Venture 3 Technology Transfer (*)  
360 PoliMI TT Fund (*) 
Progress Tech Transfer SLP-RAIF (*) 
Sofinnova Telethon SCA (*) 
Eureka Fund! I - Technology Transfer (*) 
Fondo PPP Italia 
Springrowth - Fondi di credito diversificato
HI CrescItalia PMI 
Anthilia BIT III 
Fondo Magellano
Muzinich Diversified Enterprises Credit II
Oltre II SICAF EuVeca S.p.A. (**)
Oltre III Italia (**) 
FSI I
Fondo QuattroR
F2i - Secondo Fondo Italiano 
per le Infrastrutture
F2i - Terzo Fondo per le Infrastrutture
F2i - Fondo per le Infrastrutture Sostenibili (***)
2020 European Fund for Energy. Climate and Infrastructure SICAV - FIS S.A. (Fondo Marguerite)
Marguerite II SCSp (Fondo Marguerite II) 
Inframed Infrastructure S.A.S. à capital variable (Fondo Inframed)
European Energy Efficiency Fund S.A., SICAV-SIF (Fondo EEEF)
Connecting Europe Broadband Fund SICAV RAIF
EAF S.C.A. SICAR - Caravella (Fondo Caravella)
Fondo Immobiliare di Lombardia - Comparto Uno
(già Abitare Sociale I)  
Control
Control
Control
Significant
influence
Significant
influence
Significant
influence
GROUP STRUCTURE
at 31 december 2021
Fund launched under the ITAtech investment platform lanciato; managed 
and co-Investment agreement signed by CDP and EIF focused on techno-
logy transfer funds.
Fund launched under the Social Impact Italia investment platform; managed and co-Invest-
ment agreement signed by CDP and EID focused on social impact investing.
Underwritten by CDP Equity S.p.A..
(*) 
(**) 
(***)
LEGENDA
- 115 -

--- Page 117 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 116 - 
47-41034559 
 
CDP, through the Investments area, acts, according to a long-term approach to 
support the growth, innovation and international expansion of enterprises, as well as 
the development of infrastructures and the territory, with:  
 
direct investments in the capital of companies either functional to CDP’s 
promotional mission or of significant national interest (in terms of the strategic 
nature of their operating sector, employment levels, turnover or impact on the 
country’s economic and production system) that are in a stable financial, capital 
and economic situation and feature adequate earnings prospects; 
 
indirect investments through mutual funds and investment vehicles, thus 
facilitating the involvement of third-party investors (e.g. institutional investors) 
with the aim of increasing the support for the economy through the so-called 
"multiplier effect". 
The equity investment portfolio of CDP at 31 December 2021 is broken down as 
follows: 
 
Group companies3, instrumental to the role of “National Promotional Institution” 
(CDP Immobiliare S.r.l., CDP Immobiliare Sgr, Fintecna) and functional to 
acquire and hold, in the long term, equity investments of significant national 
interest (CDP Equity, CDP RETI, CDP Industria); 
 
Listed and unlisted companies from strategic economic sectors (e.g. ENI, Poste 
Italiane and TIM);  
 
Investment funds and investment vehicles operating: 
o 
in support of enterprises along the entire life cycle, from venture capital (e.g. 
FII Venture, Venture Capital FoF, Fondo Italiano Tecnologia e Crescita - 
FITEC and ITAtech) to private equity & private debt (FII FoF, Private Debt 
FoF, Fondo Italiano Consolidamento e Crescita - FICC, Private Equity Italia 
FoF, FSI I) and turnaround (Fondo QuattroR);  
o 
in the infrastructure’s sector, to support the creation of new infrastructures 
and manage existing infrastructures (e.g. F2i, Marguerite, Connecting 
Europe Broadband Fund (“CEBF”), Inframed, European Energy Efficiency 
Fund (“EEEF”)); 
o 
in support of projects involving urban redevelopment, social housing and 
the renovation of tourist facilities (e.g. Fondo Investimenti per l’Abitare, FIA 
2, Fondo Investimenti per la Valorizzazione, Fondo Nazionale del Turismo, 
Fondo Immobiliare Lombardia); 
 
 
3 As of 31 December 2021, the equity investment portfolio of CDP also included the SACE Group (as 
defined below). However, please note that as of 21 March 2022 the SACE Group has been disposed 
of. For further information see paragraph “Termination of CDP's management and coordination over 
SACE and reorganisation of the SACE Group” below.

--- Page 118 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 117 - 
47-41034559 
 
o 
in support of International Development Cooperation (e.g. EGO Fund, 
REGIO Fund, AREF II Fund); 
o 
in support of the NPL market (Fondo Atlante, Italian Recovery Fund).  
Termination of CDP's management and coordination over SACE and 
reorganisation of the SACE Group 
On 8 April 2020 the Italian Government enacted Law Decree No. 23 of 8 April 2020 
(the "Liquidity Decree"). Pursuant to article 3 of the Liquidity Decree, effective from 9 
April 2020, SACE has not been subject to CDP's management and coordination 
(direzione e coordinamento). The Liquidity Decree has been converted into law on 7 
June 2020, by the Law No. 40 of 5 June 2020. Thereafter, the Italian government 
enacted Law Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020 (the "August Decree"), in force since 
15 August 2020. In particular, article 67 of the August Decree (named "Reorganisation 
of the SACE group") provides, amongst other, that the possible reorganisation of the 
group composed by SACE and its subsidiaries – SACE FCT S.p.A., SACE BT S.p.A. 
and SIMEST S.p.A. (“SACE Group”) and the transfer value of the relevant 
shareholdings, as deemed appropriate by the parties, shall be determined, subject to 
an agreement between the MEF and CDP, by a decree to be issued by the Italian 
Minister of the Economy and Finance, in agreement with the Italian Minister of Foreign 
Affairs and International Cooperation (the “Implementing Decree”). On 14 October 
2020 the August Decree has been converted into law, by the Law No. 126 of 13 
October 2020. 
In light of the above, on 2 March 2021, CDP, SACE and the MEF signed a hypothetical 
agreement pursuant to article 67, paragraph 2 of the August Decree (the 
“Hypothetical Agreement”), under which they agreed, among other things, to submit 
the following proposal for the reorganisation of the SACE Group to their respective 
decision-making bodies: 
- 
the transfer from SACE to CDP of SACE’s entire equity stake in SIMEST, which 
represents the 76,005 per cent. of SIMEST’s share capital, and 
- 
the transfer from CDP to the Italian Minister of the Economy and Finance of CDP’s 
entire equity stake in SACE, which represents 100 per cent. of SACE’s share 
capital, excluding SIMEST. 
On 5 March 2021, CDP’s Board of Directors – in fulfilment of the commitments 
undertaken in the Hypothetical Agreement – resolved to approve the reorganisation of 
the SACE Group. 
Following the approval by CDP’s Board of Directors, the Implementing Decree, which 
outlined, amongst other, the overall structure of the envisaged reorganisation of the 
SACE Group and the transfer value of the relevant shareholdings, has been (i) signed

--- Page 119 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 118 - 
47-41034559 
 
by the Italian Minister of the Economy and Finance and by the Italian Minister of 
Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, respectively, on 19 January 2022 and 
on 22 January 2022, (ii) registered by the Italian Corte dei Conti on 8 February 2022, 
and (iii) published on the MEF website on 17 March 2022. 
In compliance with the Implementing Decree, on 21 March 2022, the reorganisation of 
the SACE Group has occurred through the settlement of the due considerations and 
the transfer of share certificates. As a result of the transaction, CDP directly holds the 
76,005 per cent. of SIMEST’s share capital, and the MEF directly holds 100 per cent. 
of SACE’s share capital.

--- Page 120 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 119 - 
47-41034559 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
MAIN CORPORATE ACTIVITIES 
Pursuant to paragraph 7 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269 and pursuant to article 3 of 
CDP's by-laws, CDP – in pursuing the promotion of long-term economic, social and 
environmental sustainability for the benefit of shareholders and taking into account the 
interests of other stakeholders relevant to the company – has been carrying out the 
following activities as part of their corporate purpose: 
(A1) 
the granting of financing to the Italian State, its regions, local authorities, public 
entities and public law bodies (hereinafter, the "Public Entities"); 
(A2) 
the granting of financing: 
(i) 
in favour of public or private entities, with the exclusion of natural 
persons, having legal personality, for public-interest initiatives promoted 
by Public Entities, in accordance with the criteria established in decrees 
of the MEF adopted pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 11, letter (e); 
(ii) 
in favour of private entities, with the exclusion of natural persons, having 
legal personality, for operations in the sectors of general interest 
specified in the decrees of the MEF adopted pursuant to Article 5, 
paragraph 11, letter (e); 
(iii) 
in favour of public or private entities, with the exclusion of natural 
persons, having legal personality, to support the international expansion 
of enterprises and exports in accordance with the criteria established in 
decrees of the MEF adopted pursuant to Article 8 of Law Decree No. 78 
of 1 July 2009, as converted into law ("Law Decree 78"), ratified with 
amendments by Law Decree No. 102 of 3 August 2009; 
(iv) 
in favour of enterprises for the purposes of supporting the economy 
through (a) the banking system or (b) the subscription of units in 
investment funds managed by an asset management company, whose 
corporate purpose achieves one of the institutional missions of CDP; 
(v) 
in favour of public or private entities, with the exclusion of natural 
persons, having legal personality, for international development 
cooperation activities; and 
(vi) 
to banks operating in Italy to permit them to grant loans secured by 
mortgages on residential properties mainly for the purchase of primary 
residences or for renovation and energy efficiency enhancement works; 
(B) 
the granting of financing, preferably co-financed with banks, for: 
(i) 
works, systems, networks and infrastructure to be used for the public 
interest; 
(ii) 
investments in research, development, innovation, the protection and 
leveraging of cultural assets, the promotion of tourism, environment,

--- Page 121 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 120 - 
47-41034559 
 
energy efficiency, promotion of sustainable development, the green 
economy; and 
(iii) 
initiatives for company growth, including through business combination, 
in Italy and abroad; 
(C) 
the acquisition of shareholdings transferred to or conferred on CDP by the 
decree of the MEF referred to in Article 5, paragraph 3, letter (b), whose 
management is in line, where provided, with the criteria set out in the decree of 
the MEF referred to in Article 5, paragraph 11, letter (d); 
(D) 
the direct or indirect acquisition of equity investments in companies of major 
national interest - having a stable financial position and performance and 
adequate profit-generating prospects - that meet the requirements established 
by the MEF in the decree issued pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 8-bis. 
(E) 
the purchase of: 
(i) 
bank bonds backed by portfolios of loans secured by mortgages on 
residential properties and/or securities issued pursuant to the provisions 
of Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 ("Italian Securitisation Law") as part 
of securitisations of claims in respect of loans secured by mortgages on 
residential properties; 
(ii) 
securities issued pursuant to the Italian Securitisation Law as part of 
securitisations of loans to small and medium-sized enterprises, with a 
view to expanding the volume of lending to small and medium-sized 
enterprises. 
(F) 
the management, possibly assigned by the MEF, of CDP's functions, assets 
and liabilities, outstanding prior to the transformation, which are transferred to 
the MEF pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 3, letter (a), as well as the 
management of any other public function and activity of general interest 
assigned as a consequence of any laws, regulations or agreements; 
(G) 
the supply of assistance and consultancy services in favour of Public Entities 
or to support the operations or the entities referred to in letter (A2) points (i), (ii), 
(iii), (iv) and (v); 
(H) 
the supply of consultancy services and study, research and analytical activities 
in the economic and financial fields. 
In order to pursue its corporate purpose, the Issuer may also: 
(i) 
carry out any instrumental, connected and ancillary transactions, including 
commercial, industrial, mortgage, movable and real property, financial, lending 
and borrowing transactions; 
(ii) 
acquire shareholdings and interests in companies, undertakings, consortia and 
joint ventures, both in Italy and abroad, pursuant to the decree of the MEF dated 
27 January 2005;

--- Page 122 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 121 - 
47-41034559 
 
(iii) 
coordinate the participating companies and the subsidiaries from an 
administrative and financial perspective, and carry out any necessary 
transaction in their favour, including the granting of loans; 
(iv) 
grant both in personam and in rem guarantees with respect to its own and third 
parties' obligations; 
(v) 
enter into financial derivatives transactions on its own account; and 
(vi) 
enter into financial derivatives transactions, also for purposes other than 
hedging. 
Any sort of financing activity, including that conducted indirectly, is carried out in 
compliance with any applicable laws and it includes, inter alia, the purchase of 
receivables, the issue of guarantees, the acquisition of equity or debt securities and 
the subscription of units or shares of undertakings for collective investment. Unless 
otherwise provided by law, the financial transactions referred to in letter (A2) may be 
carried out directly if the amount is equal to or greater than Euro 25,000,000.00 
(twenty-five million/00) or also for a lower amount as provided by CDP's risk rules, in 
the event that such financial transactions are conducted by CDP in its capacity as 
National Promotional Institution in the contest of investment platforms as defined by 
the regulations in force, or in its capacity as Financial Institution for Development 
Cooperation. 
In order to pursue the corporate purpose indicated in letters (A1), (A2), (C), (F) and 
(G) above, CDP uses funds redeemable by way of passbook savings accounts and 
postal savings bonds, guaranteed by the Italian State and placed by Poste Italiane or 
its subsidiaries, and funds deriving from the issue of securities, the entering into loans 
and other financial transactions, which may be guaranteed by the State. These funds 
may also be used to pursue the purposes indicated in letters (D), (E) and (H) above. 
In order to pursue the corporate purpose indicated in letter (B) above, CDP uses funds 
raised on the capital markets or from banks, deriving from its entry into loans, the issue 
of securities, other financial transactions or by means of loans granted by public or 
private entities or by international organisations or by means of any other resource of 
the Issuer and income consistent with the Issuer's corporate purpose, in any case 
without a guarantee granted by the state and without first-hand fund-raising. These 
funds may also be used to pursue the purposes indicated in letters (D), (E) and (H) 
above. 
Pursuant to paragraph 20 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269, CDP's fund-raising activities 
are not subject to (i) the restrictions of Article 11 of the Banking Act on fund-raising 
with the public (save for the exclusion of demand deposits and the requirement of 
placements to and borrowings from institutional investors only, described under 
paragraph (b) above), or (ii) the maximum thresholds established by Italian laws for 
bond issuances by joint stock companies and more generally the provisions of the 
Italian Civil Code on the issuance of bonds. 
In connection with any issue of financial instruments by CDP, a representative of the 
noteholders may be appointed to act on behalf of the noteholders, to exercise the 
powers vested in it and to approve certain amendments or modifications to the terms 
and conditions of the relevant transaction.

--- Page 123 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 122 - 
47-41034559 
 
All interest and other income payable in respect of the financial instruments issued by 
CDP are subject to the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 239, regardless of their 
terms and maturity. 
LENDING  
In 2021, CDP provided Euro 23.6 billion in new lending and managed resources.  
CDP business activities are arranged into the following company organisational areas: 
i) 
Public Administration, with the mission of ensuring the origination and life cycle 
of loans and guarantees to Public Entities; 
ii) 
Infrastructures, which is dedicated to ensuring the origination and lifecycle of 
loans and guarantees to enterprises operating in the infrastructure sectors; 
iii) 
Corporate and Financial Institutions, which pursues the mission of ensuring 
financial support to the national productive and entrepreneurial fabric for 
development, innovation and growth, also at an international level, in synergy 
with the banking system; 
iv) 
International Cooperation and Development Finance, aiming to promote 
initiatives to support developing countries, towards both public and private-sector 
entities; 
v) 
Investments, dedicated to supporting enterprises, infrastructure and the local 
areas through equity investments in companies of relevant national interest as 
well as through the subscription of units in mutual investment funds. 
A. Financing of Public Entities 
CDP carries out the traditional activity of financing Public Entities using funds pursuant 
to Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269. 
By way of Ministerial Decree of 6 October 2004 (Determinazioni ai sensi dell'art. 5, 
comma 11, lettere a), b) e c), del D.L. 30 settembre 2003, n. 269 convertito con 
modificazioni dalla legge 24 novembre 2003, n. 326 ed esercizio del potere di indirizzo 
della gestione separata della Cassa depositi e prestiti, società per azioni, a norma 
dell'art. 5, comma 9, del citato decreto-legge), the MEF has set forth, inter alia, the 
criteria applying to CDP's financing of Public Entities, pursuant to which: 
(i) 
such financing activity carried out by CDP constitutes a service of general 
economic interest; 
(ii) 
the relevant loans shall be granted by CDP as specific purpose loans (prestiti 
di scopo), which may be utilised by Public Entities in connection with the 
carrying out of public interest investments or in connection with other purposes 
for which the relevant borrowers may incur indebtedness; 
(iii) 
the process carried out by CDP for the granting of specific purpose loans is 
aimed at ascertaining whether the relevant borrower fulfils the requirements set

--- Page 124 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 123 - 
47-41034559 
 
forth by applicable legislation (including, inter alia, compliance with the debt 
ratios provided from time to time by law); 
(iv) 
in carrying out such financing activity, CDP must ensure that each public 
borrower is granted, amongst its peers, free access, as well as equal and non-
discriminatory contractual treatment; therefore the general terms and 
conditions applicable to such loans are notified by CDP through regulations 
(circolari) published in the Official Gazette and made available on the website 
of CDP; 
(v) 
such loans may be granted on a fixed or floating rate basis and the relevant 
interest rate is predetermined (currently on a weekly basis) and disclosed by 
way of publication on the website of CDP and in at least one daily newspaper; 
(vi) 
the financial equivalent of the interest rates applicable to the above-mentioned 
specific purpose loans shall not exceed, upon calculation at the relevant 
computation date, the interest rate referred to in Article 45, paragraph 32, of 
Law No. 448 of 23 December 1998 (Misure di finanza pubblica per la 
stabilizzazione e lo sviluppo) as subsequently amended, in relation to loans 
with repayment obligations on the part of the Republic of Italy (i.e. the interest 
rate determined from time to time by the MEF on the basis of the market 
conditions by way of specific notices to be published in the Official Gazette); 
(vii) 
such loans shall be granted by way of a written contract (which may fail to be 
entered into as a notarised deed (atto in forma pubblica)), a copy of which shall 
be provided to the borrower together with the general terms and conditions 
applicable thereto; 
(viii) 
in compliance with the provisions of paragraph 24 of Article 5 of Law Decree 
269, any and all acts, deeds, agreements, assignments, performances and/or 
other formalities relating to specific purpose loans, their relevant performance, 
amendments or modifications and termination shall be exempt from registration 
tax (imposta di registro), stamp duty (imposta di bollo), mortgage and cadastral 
taxes (imposte ipotecarie e catastali) and from any other indirect tax or other 
charge, levy, impost or duty; and 
(ix) 
CDP may grant loans to Public Entities having characteristics other than those 
referred to in points (ii) to (vii) above, provided that such other loans are granted 
to the Public Entities and are destined to be used in connection with measures 
satisfying a public interest. The characteristics of such loans are set forth by 
CDP taking into account their specific purpose, the features of the investment 
to be made by the relevant borrower and the characteristics of the borrower. 
In addition to the above, Italian Law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 authorises CDP to 
provide cash advances to municipalities as part of the treasury services performed by 
Poste Italiane. 
As at 31 December 2021, the stock of outstanding debt amounted to Euro 75.4 billion, 
which have increased since the end of 2020 (Euro 72.1 billion). This increase can be 
attributed to the disbursements of loans made during the year 2021, which have offset 
the amount of debt repaid during such period. The total stock of residual debt and 
commitments amounted to Euro 81.3 billion, representing a 4.4% increase from 31

--- Page 125 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 124 - 
47-41034559 
 
December 2020 (which amounted to Euro 78.0 billion). The change can be attributed 
to the fact that the volume of new lending was higher than principal repayments falling 
due at 31 December 2021. 
The credit quality of the Public Administration area loan portfolio showed virtually no 
problem areas. 
B. Financing of Infrastructures 
The infrastructure financing area arranges, structures and manages debt products 
(loans, guarantees, bonds), under both the Ordinary Account System and the 
Separate Account System.  
The infrastructure financing area provides debt products in favour of infrastructure 
companies, owned by private and/or public counterparties and operating in the 
following sectors: transportation (e.g. railways, highways, roads/toll roads, local public 
transport, ports/airports), social infrastructures (e.g. schools and hospitals), energy 
and utilities (e.g. conventional power, renewables, energy grid/storage, energy 
efficiency), environment (water services and waste) and telecommunications (e.g. 
broadband/ultrabroadband network, towers, data centres, satellites).  
The infrastructure financing area also provides debt products to support infrastructures 
investments of Italian companies in OECD countries.  
As of the end of December 2021, the infrastructure financing area’s portfolio of 
outstanding debt amounts to Euro 8.0 billion (increasing by 4.8 per cent over the figure 
recorded at December 2020).  
Separate Account System 
Pursuant to Article 3, letter (A2) of CDP's by-laws, funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, 
letter (a) of Law Decree 269 can be used by CDP not only to finance Public Entities 
but also to finance, inter alia: 
(i) 
transactions of public interest promoted by Public Entities in accordance with 
the criteria established by the MEF decree of 12 March 2009; and 
(ii) 
transactions of public interest related to areas of general interest identified by 
the MEF decree of 12 April 2016, 
upon satisfactory assessment of the economic and financial feasibility of the relevant 
transaction.

--- Page 126 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 125 - 
47-41034559 
 
Regarding the transactions of public interest promoted by Public Entities, the MEF 
decree of 12 March 2009 introduced: 
(a) the eligible criteria to identify the transactions promoted by the Public Entities 
which may be financed under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 
269, and including alternatively: 
(i) 
transactions which benefit from long-term public or European grants or 
other forms of public incentives for the realisation of investments or 
supplies of national interest; 
(ii) 
transactions under public concession regime; 
(iii) 
transactions carried out in execution of agreements between the Public 
Entities and third party countries or European Union institutions or 
Member States; 
(iv) 
transactions under public-private partnership scheme; 
(v) 
transactions included in planning instruments of the Public Entities; 
(vi) 
transactions in co-financing with EIB; 
(vii) 
transactions aimed at fulfilling Public Entities' institutional role; 
(b) 
that the borrowers under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 
may be public or private legal entities, with the exclusion of natural persons, 
and 
(c) 
that CDP shall provide funding for the above-mentioned transactions under 
Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 based on the 
creditworthiness of the prospective borrower and of the economic and financial 
sustainability of the relevant transaction. 
As a general principle, funds provided by CDP with reference to the transactions 
mentioned above should not exceed 50 per cent. of the relevant financing. 
Regarding the transactions of public interest related to areas of general interest, the 
MEF decree of 12 April 2016 introduced: 
(a) 
the areas of general interest in which CDP can carry out transactions of public 
interest towards private entities, under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law 
Decree 269, which are: 
(i) 
environment and energy; 
(ii) 
communications and digital; 
(iii) 
infrastructures, transport and construction; 
(iv) 
insurance and financial intermediation aimed at savings protection and 
credit access;

--- Page 127 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 126 - 
47-41034559 
 
(v) 
research, innovation, education and training; 
(vi) 
public services and health; 
(vii) 
tourism and hospitality, also through the real estate assets promotion 
and management; 
(viii) 
cultural heritage promotion and management; 
(ix) 
areas which benefit from national and European public funds; and 
(x) 
areas which operate plants or productive settlements recognised as 
strategic interest, as well as companies of relevant national interest. 
(b) 
the public interest transactions related to the above-mentioned areas must be 
carried out: 
(i) 
based on the economic and financial sustainability and the respective 
public interest; and 
(ii) 
preferably jointly with other financial institutions. 
CDP's by-laws provides that the financing of transactions promoted by Public Entities 
or carried out in general interest areas, using funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter 
(a) of Law Decree 269, must comply with the following requirements, the financing (i) 
may be conducted either directly by CDP or through the banking system, provided that 
the financial transactions conducted directly by CDP must involve an amount equal to 
or greater than Euro 25,000,000 (twenty-five million), (ii) may be carried out in favour 
of public and/or private legal entities excluding natural persons, (iii) must fall under the 
Separate Account System which is based on transparency and economic equilibrium 
criteria and (iv) requires the assessment of the economic and financial sustainability 
of the relevant project. 
Ordinary Account System 
Pursuant to article 3, letter (B) of CDP's by-laws, CDP also provides debt products, in 
any form and preferably jointly with other financial institutions. 
In this respect CDP can finance: 
- 
construction works, grid/networks and infrastructures of public interest; 
- 
investments in research, development, innovation; 
- 
investments aimed at protecting and promoting cultural heritage; 
- 
investments aimed at promoting tourism; 
- 
environment and energy efficiency initiatives as well as aimed at promoting 
sustainable development and green economy; 
- 
initiatives aimed at supporting the growth of companies in Italy and abroad.

--- Page 128 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 127 - 
47-41034559 
 
Such transactions can be financed via funds raised by CDP through either debt market 
or capital market  as well as via public or private grants (including grants provided by 
international organisations) which do not benefit from any Republic of Italy guarantee 
and not deriving from any first-hand fund-raising (the Ordinary Account System). 
Under the Ordinary Account System, terms and conditions of each financing is set by 
CDP without specific restrictions, acting like any other financial intermediary being 
driven by adequate financial return and operating at market conditions. 
Creditworthiness of each potential borrower, is duly assessed by CDP based on 
business plan soundness, cash flow generation capacity, corporate structure and 
ability to provide adequate guarantees. 
CDP offers a wide range of debt products, ranging from plain-vanilla corporate loans 
to project finance transactions. 
Taking into consideration the different targets, purposes and regulations of the 
relevant lending activities, CDP does not, in principle, commit to financing projects 
using funds falling under the Ordinary Account System as well as funds under Article 
5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 at the same time. 
C. Financing in support of enterprises and other entities 
Pursuant to the recent legislation mentioned above, funds under Article 5, paragraph 
7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 are also used by CDP in other supporting initiatives in 
favour of enterprises. 
Transactions in favour of small and medium-sized enterprises 
As mentioned above, pursuant to article 3, paragraph 4-bis of Law Decree No. 5 of 10 
February 2009 ("Law Decree 5"), as integrated by the budget law 2010, among the 
transactions listed in the amendment to letter (a) of paragraph 7 of Article 5, CDP may 
also carry out transactions in favour of small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") 
for the purpose of supporting the economy. 
Pursuant to such legislation and CDP's by-laws, transactions in favour of SMEs may 
be conducted through the banking system or through the subscription of participations 
in investment funds managed by asset management companies authorised to carry 
out collective portfolio management activities pursuant to Article 33 of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, whose corporate purpose fulfils one or more of 
the institutional objectives of CDP. 
In the context of transactions conducted through the banking system, CDP assumes 
the risk of insolvency of the banks through which the funding is granted to the SMEs. 
In 2009, an amount of up to Euro 8 billion (the "Plafond PMI") was allocated to finance 
the banking system for the granting of loans in favour of SMEs, for investments and 
the increase of working capital. In July 2012, CDP completed the distribution of the 
entire amount of Euro 8 billion. 
In 2012, given SMEs’ continuing difficulties to access loans, CDP deemed it necessary 
to strengthen its commitment to supporting the economy, by making available a further 
amount of up to Euro 10 billion (the "New Plafond PMI"), Euro 8 billion of which has

--- Page 129 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 128 - 
47-41034559 
 
the same purpose as the Plafond PMI (the "New Plafond PMI – Investments"), but, 
with respect to the first plafond, the exposure of CDP towards the banks is guaranteed 
by the granting of security. CDP has also allocated Euro 2 billion of the New Plafond 
PMI to contribute towards solving the issues concerning the delays in payment by the 
public administration (the "New Plafond PMI - Claims vs. PA"). Through the 
resources provided by CDP, the banking system will carry out transactions in favour 
of SMEs having one or more claims against the public administration, arising out of 
contracts for works, services and supplies that have been certified as liquid and 
enforceable. 
In August 2014, in consideration of the Italian government's initiatives aimed at 
reducing stock of claims against the public administration (e.g. Law Decree No. 35 of 
2013), CDP closed the operation of the New Plafond PMI - Claims vs. PA and allocated 
its resources to the tranche of the Piattaforma Imprese dedicated to SMEs (as further 
described below). 
Pursuant to Article 2 of Law Decree No. 69 of 21 June 2013 ("Law Decree 69"), an 
amount of up to Euro 2.5 billion of funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) may 
be used to provide funds to the financial system for granting loans in favour of SMEs, 
to be allocated to investments in new machinery, plants and equipment (the "Capital 
Goods Funds"). The Ministry of Economic Development will directly grant a subsidy 
to those SMEs that are granted such loans, in order to reduce borrowing costs. As in 
the New Plafond PMI, the exposure of CDP towards the banks is guaranteed by the 
granting of security. Considering the great success of the initiative, the budget law for 
2015 (Law No. 190 of 23 December 2014) authorised CDP to double the resources of 
the Capital Goods Funds; consequently, in January 2015, CDP increased its 
resources to an amount of up to Euro 5 billion. 
Article 8 of Law Decree 3, converted into law with amendments by Law 33, amended 
Law Decree 69 by providing, among other things, that government grants may be 
provided to SMEs that have obtained a loan under Law Decree 69 that need not 
necessarily be drawn on the reserves of the Separate Account System of CDP. In 
order to implement this provision, on 17 March 2016, the Ministry of Economic 
Development, the Italian Banking Association ("ABI") and CDP entered into a further 
addendum to the agreement dedicated to the Capital Goods Funds. With the 
introduction of this addendum, important process and product improvements have 
been made, in particular through the introduction of a special line of funding that banks 
and financial institutions can use when loans granted with CDP's funds are guaranteed 
by the guarantee fund for SMEs. Again with reference to the Capital Goods Funds, on 
4 November 2016, CDP signed a loan agreement with the Council of Europe 
Development Bank (the "CEB") for an amount of Euro 150 million, in order to reduce 
the costs of CDP's funding. Additional loan agreements with the CEB, for amounts of 
Euro 290 million and Euro 150 million, were entered into on 18 April 2018 and 24 
January 2022 respectively. 
Pursuant to Article 20 of Law Decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019, converted into law with 
amendments by Law no. 58 of 28 June 2019, in December 2019 the Ministry of 
Economic Development, the ABI and CDP entered into a further addendum 
(“Addendum 2019”) to agreement dedicated to the Capital Goods Funds. The 
Addendum 2019 provided that (i) non-bank financial intermediaries compliant to the 
requirements established by Article No. 106 of the Banking Act other than leasing

--- Page 130 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 129 - 
47-41034559 
 
companies can use the line of funding that relates to the Capital Goods Funds, as long 
as their exposure is guaranteed by a bank that signed the relative Convention, (ii) the 
maximum overall amount of loans granted by banks to enterprises is increased from 
Euro 2 billion to Euro 4 billion, (iii) the subsidy to enterprises is paid on the basis of the 
project progress provided by the borrowing enterprises themselves, and (iv) for bank 
loans up to Euro 0,1 million, the subsidy to enterprises is paid in one solution. With 
reference to the subsidy paid in one solution referenced under (iv) above, Article 39, 
paragraph 1, of Law Decree No. 76 of 16 July 2020, converted into law with 
amendments by Law no. 120 of 11 September 2020, increased the maximum amount 
of bank loans granted to SMEs from Euro 0,1 million to Euro 0,2 million. Later on, the 
budget law for 2021 (paragraph 95, of Law No. 178 of 30 December 2020), by 
amending Law Decree 69, stated that the subsidy is paid in one solution for all 
applications submitted by SMEs to banks and financial intermediaries starting from 1 
January 2021. Later on, the budget law for 2022 (paragraph 48, of Law No. 234 of 30 
December 2021), stated that the subsidy is paid in several instalments for applications 
submitted by the enterprises from 1 January 2022, with the possibility of proceeding 
with the payment in a one solution, within the limits of the resources available, in the 
case of financing of an amount not exceeding Euro 0,2 million. 
The budget law for 2014 (Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013) extended the perimeters 
of operations for the purpose of supporting the economy, by amending Article 3, 
paragraph 4-bis of Law Decree 5, by introducing the possibility of providing funds, 
through banking intermediaries, for also granting loans to large enterprises. 
Pursuant to such provisions and to CDP's by-laws, in January 2014, CDP launched 
several initiatives that, in continuity with the New Plafond PMI, have been the subject 
of a new agreement with the ABI in August 2014, dedicated to the Piattaforma 
Imprese. 
Firstly, in order to broaden the base of the potential beneficiaries, CDP adopted - both 
for the New Plafond PMI and the Piattaforma Imprese - a new definition of SME (from 
the EU-wide definition to the EIB definition, i.e. enterprises with less than 250 
employees, regardless of the economic data). 
Furthermore, in consideration of the imminent completion of the distribution of the 
entire amount of Euro 8 billion of the New Plafond PMI - Investments (that occurred in 
April 2015) - CDP enclosed all products (activated in accordance with Article 3, 
paragraph 4-bis of Law Decree 5) dedicated to promoting access to credit for 
enterprises through the intermediation of the banking system in the Piattaforma 
Imprese. The Piattaforma Imprese, with an amount of up to Euro 5 billion, is composed 
of: (i) a fund, dedicated to the same purpose as the previous Plafond PMI, for an 
amount of Euro 2 billion (from the resources of the New Plafond PMI - Claims vs. PA); 
(ii) a new fund, dedicated to "mid-cap" enterprises (i.e. those with up to 3,000 
employees), in an amount of Euro 2 billion for the granting of loans for investments 
and the increase of working capital; (iii) a new fund dedicated to SME networks, for an 
amount of up to Euro 500 million, aimed at supporting SMEs' consolidation and scale 
growth; and (iv) a new fund, originally dedicated only to post-financing of letters of 
credit, for an amount of up to Euro 500 million. With reference to the fund referenced 
under (iv) above, in February 2015 CDP extended its purpose to all types of export 
financing of Italian enterprises and increased its resources to an amount of up to Euro

--- Page 131 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 130 - 
47-41034559 
 
1 billion in order to enhance the supply of CDP in support of export and 
internationalisation of the enterprises. 
As in the New Plafond PMI, the exposure of CDP towards the banks in the Piattaforma 
Imprese is guaranteed by the granting of security. Furthermore, for the tranche 
dedicated to export, banks may constitute a pledge on Italian government bonds. 
On the basis of levels of application of the Piattaforma Imprese, and in order to 
increase its potential and efficiency, the Board of Directors in March 2016 resolved to: 
(a) 
increase the maximum overall amount of the Piattaforma Imprese (bringing it 
to Euro 10 billion), through the increase of Plafond PMI (i.e. medium-long-term 
funding to the Italian banking system dedicated to the financing of investments 
and working capital to SMEs, i.e. enterprises with a workforce of up to 249 
employees) and Plafond MID (i.e. medium/long-term funding to the Italian 
banking system dedicated to the financing of investments and working capital 
to so-called Mid Caps i.e. enterprises with a workforce of 250 to 3,000 
employees); in particular, the amount of Plafond PMI has been increased to 
Euro 6 billion, of which approximately Euro 984 million results from the transfer 
to Plafond PMI of the remaining amount available under the funding provided 
by CDP for operations aimed at supporting internationalisation and export credit, 
and the amount of the Plafond MID has been increased to Euro 3.5 billion; 
(b) 
introduce in the Plafond PMI and the Plafond MID further maturity or longer 
duration (12 years and 15 years only for bank loans granted to beneficiaries 
having operational headquarters in the Seismic Territories defined at Article 1 
of the Convention Piattaforma Imprese) - beyond the maximum duration 
ordinarily offered (10 years) - providing that the minimum duration of the loans 
in favour of enterprises by the banks with such funding is fixed at 10 years; and 
(c) 
redefine the scope of activity of the Plafond Reti PMI (now renamed Plafond 
Reti e Filiere), through the broadening of its capacity to finance; in particular, 
the financing of other forms of business combinations and also of companies 
such as Mid Caps. 
Such amendments to Piattaforma Imprese were implemented through an addendum 
to the agreement between CDP and the ABI, signed on 17 May 2016. Moreover, in 
order to boost the use of the funds and reduce the borrowing costs for enterprises also 
following the Covid-19 emergency, since 11 June 2020 (signing date of “Addendum 
2020” to the agreement between CDP and ABI referenced above) the three different 
Plafond that compose the Piattaforma Imprese (Plafond PMI, Plafond MID and Plafond 
Reti e Filiere) have benefited from a specific line of funding made available by the EIB, 
for an amount up to Euro 1.5 billion granted in blending with CDP resources, through 
the loan agreement between CDP and EIB signed on 4 June 2020.  
In addition, following the completion of the reform of Title V of the Banking Act, which 
has subjected non-bank financial intermediaries to a supervisory regime equivalent to 
that applicable to banks, CDP in May 2016 approved an amendment to its by-laws, to 
include these intermediaries in those qualified to participate in the programme 
dedicated to supporting the economy. Among the measures that CDP made available 
to enterprises also following the slowdown in the economic and financial cycle 
associated with the Covid-19 emergency, in 2020 an amount of up to Euro 500 million

--- Page 132 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 131 - 
47-41034559 
 
(the "Plafond Confidi") was allocated to finance the collective credit guarantee 
consortium compliant to the requirements established by Article 106 of the Banking 
Act (“Confidi”) for the granting of loans in favour of SMEs, for investment projects and 
increase in working capital, while in 2021 an amount of up to Euro 1 billion (the 
“Plafond Leasing”) was allocated to finance the financial intermediaries authorized 
to carry out leasing activities in compliance with the requirements established by 
Article 106 of the Banking Act (“Società di Leasing”) for the granting of loans to SMEs 
and MID-CAPs, for investment projects. 
Also for the purpose of enhancing SMEs' access to bank lending, CDP on 25 May 
2016, launched a specific Euro 1 billion purchase programme of asset-backed 
securities ("ABS") guaranteed by SME loans originated by Italian banks (the "SME 
ABS"). The purchase programme has then been increased to Euro 1.5 billion in March 
2019 and to Euro 2.0 billion in August 2020. 
The initiative follows the provisions of the Stability Law 2014, which enabled the 
purchase of SME loan-backed securities – issued within the framework of the Italian 
Securitisation Law – by CDP. 
In the field of securitisation, CDP has also joined the EIF-NPIs Securitisation Initiative 
(the "ENSI Platform"), an initiative set up in cooperation between the European 
Investment Fund (the "EIF") and the main EU National Promotional Institutions, 
including CDP, with the aim of facilitating SMEs' access to bank lending through 
securitisation. 
Within the ENSI Platform, CDP has thus far purchased mezzanine tranches of SME 
loan-backed securities for about Euro 250 million, in five different transactions, all 
covered by a first-demand guarantee issued by the EIF. 
Since the end of 2017, outside the scope of the ENSI Platform, CDP has also 
purchased senior tranches of SME ABS for a total of approximately Euro 1.230 million, 
in six different transactions. 
Within the same business line, in the last years CDP also purchased ABS backed by 
non-performing loans with a State guarantee (so-called GACS) for a total of Euro 170 
million.  
Along with that which is provided for by the Plafond Casa (as defined below) (in the 
purchase of Italian covered bonds and residential mortgage-backed securities), the 
originator of ABS is requested to commit itself – by means of a side letter – to disburse 
new SME loans for an amount at least equal to the securitisation tranches purchased 
by CDP. 
On 3 March 2021, CDP's Board of Directors approved a specific Euro 1 billion 
purchase programme of Environmental, Social and Governance bonds (the “ESG 
Bond”) originated by Italian banks and other financial institutions. As above-
mentioned, also in the case of ESG Bond, the originator is requested to commit itself 
– by means of a side letter – to disburse new loans to enterprises for an amount at 
least equal to the tranche purchased by CDP. 
Transactions for financial institutions' capital optimisation in favour of SMEs' access to 
bank lending

--- Page 133 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 132 - 
47-41034559 
 
In the field of financial institutions' capital optimisation, in the second quarter of 2016, 
CDP started a cooperation with the EIF aimed at implementing an investment platform 
named "EFSI Thematic Investment Platform for Italian SMEs" (the “EFSI Thematic 
Investment Platform”) for the provision of guarantees in favour of SMEs. The EFSI 
Thematic Investment Platform, approved within the Investment Plan for Europe (the 
“Juncker Plan”) framework on 23 September 2016, allows CDP to issue guarantees 
on 80 per cent. of newly originated bank loan/guarantee portfolios. The EFSI Thematic 
Investment Platform was officially launched on 16 December 2016. 
The scheme features the activation of two forms of counter-guarantees in favour of 
CDP: 1) by the EIF, granted free of charge and backed by EU funds (e.g. COSME; 
CCS; other), on a share of CDP's exposure (e.g. 50-70 per cent.); and 2) by the MEF, 
granted upon consideration and backed by the monetary fund provided for by Article 
1, paragraph 825 of the Stability Law 2016, on 30 per cent. of CDP's exposure. This 
last form of counter-guarantee is merely optional for CDP and it has been activated 
just on the first transaction. In any case, CDP’s risk exposure is at least 20 per cent. 
On the EFSI Thematic Investment Platform, CDP executed two transactions backed 
by COSME funds (Competitiveness of Enterprises and Small and Medium-sized 
Enterprises) relating to new portfolios of SME guarantees originated by the Italian SME 
Guarantee Fund (established by Article 2, paragraph 100, letter (a) of Law No. 662 of 
23 December 1996), that have been counter-guaranteed by CDP for an overall amount 
of about Euro 6.1 billion, with a 80 per cent. guarantee rate and a predetermined loss 
cap. 
The first of the two transactions, performed between June 2017 and March 2019, 
allowed the granting of new bank loans to more than 47 thousand SMEs for an overall 
amount of approximately Euro 4 billion. The second one started in July 2019 and in 
2020, due to the Covid-19 pandemic, it was increased by the EIF with additional 
resources, reaching over 63 thousand SMEs with more than Euro 5 billion of new 
financing.  
Another transaction on the EFSI Thematic Investment Platform, whose structure is 
similar to the previous ones was signed on 29 March 2018 than amended on 8 October 
2019 and on 18 June 2020. The initiative provides for 80 per cent. of counter-
guarantees, with a 10 per cent. loss cap, in favour of the Italian SME Guarantee Fund 
to cover a Euro 350 million worth portfolio comprising new guarantees to SMEs of the 
creative and cultural sectors. The scheme features the activation by CDP of a counter-
guarantee provided by the EIF, free of charge, backed by the “Creative Europe” 
(through the Creative and Cultural Sectors Guarantee Facility) Programme funds, on 
70 per cent. of CDP's exposure. 
In continuing their cooperation, the EIF and CDP in 2021 implemented a new counter-
guarantee operation using the resources of the Pan-European Guarantee Fund, 
established by certain Member States of the European Union to respond to the 
economic impact of the Covid-19 pandemic outbreak (The “EGF”). The scheme of the 
initiative, similar to previous operations using resources from the COSME Programme, 
now completed, allows CDP to issue guarantees on 80 per cent. of new operations 
originating by the Italian SME Guarantee Fund originally up to Euro 4,5 billion, with a 
maximum cap on first losses set at 15 per cent. of the guaranteed amount. This

--- Page 134 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 133 - 
47-41034559 
 
guarantee line is assisted by a 70 per cent. counter-guarantee issued by the EIF 
granted upon consideration. 
Recently, the EIF and CDP increased the maximum transaction volume from the 
original amount of Euro 4,5 billion to Euro 12,5 billion and CDP's 80 per cent. 
guarantee from Euro 3,6 billion to Euro 10 billion. The increase in the value of the CDP 
guarantee up to Euro 10 billion makes it by far the largest operation ever carried out 
in Europe within the EGF Programme. Thanks to the significant leverage effect of the 
operational scheme, it is estimated that new loans amounting to over Euro 15,5 billion 
can be activated in favor of around 90 thousand SMEs. 
In line with the provisions of the Stability Law 2016 that authorises CDP to execute 
“financial instruments” backed by ESI Funds (European Investment and Structural 
Funds) as per Regulation (UE, EURATOM) n. 966/2012 and Regulation (UE) n. 
1303/2013, on 15 March 2018, CDP entered into a financing agreement with the 
Emilia-Romagna Region. Pursuant to this agreement, CDP has been assigned 
regional funds that will be employed to issue 80 per cent. counter-guarantees, with a 
10 per cent. loss cap, on new SME guarantee portfolios originated by the mutual credit 
guarantee consortia Confidi (“Confidi”), up to approximately Euro 120 million. The aim 
of this initiative is to broaden Confidi’s capacity to issue new guarantees in order to 
enhance SMEs’ chances to obtain bank loans. The sums assigned by the Region will 
be used to cover 70 per cent. of CDP’s exposure. A second agreement, with the same 
structure, was executed in 2019 and contains the provision of 80 per cent. of counter-
guarantees, with a 10 per cent. loss cap, in favour of Confidi to cover a Euro 90 million 
worth portfolio of new guarantees to regional SMEs in the tourism sector.  
A similar agreement, entered into on 9 June 2018 between CDP and the Italian 
Ministry of Agricultural, Food and Forestry Policies, focuses on the Italian olive-
growing and oil-making sector and features the provision of CDP guarantees (entirely 
backed by ministerial funds) on new debt transactions, for up to Euro 140 million, 
originated by banks and Confidi in favour of oil making associations. CDP guarantees 
are provided at a 80 per cent. rate with a loss cap of 7 per cent. 
In line with the provisions of the Legislative Decree n. 148/2017 that authorise CDP to 
contribute in order to increase the financial endowment of the Italian SME Guarantee 
Fund, on 18 October 2019 CDP entered into an agreement with the Ministry of 
economy and finance and the Ministry of economic development to define the main 
features of the initiative. Since January 2020, CDP signed n. 10 agreement with 
Confidi and Private Social Security Institutions in order to activate specific special 
sections of the Italian SME Guarantee Fund. 
Due to the Covid-19 emergency and the issue of the Temporary Framework which 
provides for measures to support SMEs until 30 June 2022, also by increasing the 
guarantee percentages granted by the Italian SME Guarantee Fund, the above-
mentioned special section has not yet been launched. 
Transactions to support “alternative financing” 
The role of CDP in promoting alternative sources of finance to support SMEs and Mid-
Caps, may be divided into two different lines of action:

--- Page 135 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 134 - 
47-41034559 
 
• 
anchor investor in basket bonds: this is an innovative scheme of transaction 
which will provide companies with an attractive long-term funding solution; 
the innovative funding tool is represented by ABS collateralized by a basket 
of bonds issued by the companies. There are different kinds of basket bonds 
depending on the security package available: (i) “Regional Basket Bond” 
(drawn on the reserves of the Separate Account System), in which selected 
Regions use their own funds in order to enhance the structure with a cash 
collateral guarantee and (ii) “Market Basket Bond” (implemented within the 
Ordinary Account System), in which there aren’t any guarantees provided 
by public entities. However, it is possible to evaluate private guarantees for 
this programme settled at market conditions. 
• 
Anchor Investor in Diversified Debt Funds (“DDF”): CDP subscribes units of 
funds drawn on the reserves of the Separate Account System, preferably 
jointly with the EIF, in which business models geared towards diversification 
and granularity of portfolios (at least 25-30 tickets), with an average ticket 
lower than Euro 10 million. 
• 
Transfer of Tax Credits (implemented within the Ordinary Account System): 
CDP purchases the tax credits accrued by Italian companies on building 
renovation and energy efficiency projects that are eligible for tax benefits, 
where payment is using “invoice discount”, taking advantage of CDPs fiscal 
capacity. Through this program CDP allows companies to recover liquidity 
faster than under legislation. In 2021, CDP has acquired approximately 380 
€/mln of tax credits. 
On the first segment, CDP has been participating as anchor investor to eight 
programs: i) “ELITE basket bond” (Separate Account System), which at the end of 
2017 has involved 10 Mid-Caps for a total amount of Euro 122 million (Euro 40 million 
CDP ticket), in this case, the portfolio benefits from a mutualistic guarantee provided 
by the issuer; ii) "Export Basket Bond Program" (Separate Account System), which 
has involved 11 SMEs and mid-caps for a total amount of Euro 62 million (Euro 31 
million CDP ticket) in which SACE offers its guarantee to the ABS Investors; iii) 
“Lombardia Basket Bond” (Ordinary Account System), that is a programme “plain 
vanilla” for a maximum amount of Euro 80 million, which has involved in the first two 
closing 4 Mid-Caps for a total amount of Euro 37 million (Euro 18,5 million CDP ticket); 
iv) “Garanzia Campania Bond” (Separate Account System), a Regional Basket Bond 
programme with a maximum amount of Euro 148 million, that involves companies 
located in Campania and is structured with a credit enhancement made available by 
“Sviluppo Campania” to cover 100 per cent. of the first losses recorded on the portfolio 
with a 25 per cent. cap to be calculated from time to time on the nominal amount of 
the minibonds issued. Within the program, 65 companies have been financed in nine 
closings for a total amount of Euro 144 million (Euro 72 million CDP ticket); v) “Basket 
Bond Puglia” (Separate Account System) is a Regional Basket Bond with a maximum 
amount of Euro 160 million and aims to finance companies located in Puglia, with a 
credit enhancement provided by “Puglia Sviluppo” equal to 25 per cent. of the total 
issue. It has involved, in the first four closings, 21 companies for a total amount of Euro 
82 million (Euro 41 million CDP ticket); vi) “Basket Bond di Filiera Strategica” (Ordinary 
Account System), a “Market Basket Bond Program” which aims to sustain the main 
strategic supply chain, that at the end of 2021 has involved 6 companies (3 in the wine 
sector and 3 in the film industry) for a total amount of Euro 42 million (Euro 21 million

--- Page 136 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 135 - 
47-41034559 
 
CDP ticket); vii) “Basket Bond Euronext Growth” (Ordinary Account System), a “Market 
Basket Bond Program” designed to support companies listed on the Euronext Growth 
Segment of the Italian Stock Exchange. Within the program, 3 companies have been 
financed in one closing for a total amount of Euro 13 milion (Euro 6.5 million CDP 
ticket); viii) “Basket Bond Sella” (Ordinary Account System) a “Market Basket Bond 
Program” intended to support Italian companies. Within the program there has been 
one closing with 2 companies for a total amount of Euro 24,5 milion (Euro 9.8 million 
CDP ticket). 
On the second segment of activity, within the Separate Account System, CDP has 
approved 7 investments in DDF for a total amount of Euro 315 million, that are 
expected to catalyse more than Euro 2.0 billion to support SMEs and mid-caps 
financing. 
*** 
In order to increase access to lending by enterprises, CDP starting in 2016, has 
developed a business line consisting of direct lending, through both bonds and loans, 
to specialised financial institutions, commercial banks and other CDP Group’s financial 
entities (i.e. Simest) to enhance their capability to finance the real economy. 
Within this business line, starting from 2019 CDP also (i) provided funding to 
Shanghai’s branches of major Italian banks, to support the financing of Italian 
enterprises in China; (ii) signed (a) a Euro 500 million financing agreement with an 
Italian banking group to increase lending to SMEs and Midcaps in southern Italy 
(“Mezzogiorno”), (b) a Euro 1 billion financing agreement with an Italian banking 
group to increase lending to SMEs and Midcaps affected by Covid-19 emergency, (c) 
a Euro 500 million financing agreement with an Italian banking group to increase 
lending to SMEs and Midcaps operating in tourism and agriculture/agritech sector. In 
2021 CDP has entered into a Euro 1 billion financing agreement with a major Italian 
banking group in order to increase lending to Italian SMEs and Midcaps companies to 
overcome the difficulties caused by the Covid-19 pandemic crisis and to fund new 
development and growth projects. 
CDP has also provided funding to several Italian financial institutions, through bonds 
and loans in order to support Italian enterprises for initiatives for their growth, 
promotion of sustainable development and green economy, according to the provision 
of the CDP Article of Association related to “Ordinary Account System”. 
Other transactions in favour of enterprises and other entities under special law 
provisions 
Funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) are also used by CDP in other supporting 
initiatives in favour of enterprises and other entities established under special law 
provisions, such as the funds indicated below. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 354 to 361, of Law No. 311 of 30 December 2004 
(the budget law for 2005) which reformed certain public incentives in order to (i) 
transform such incentives from the Italian State's sunk contribution to subsidised loans 
granted by CDP (in some cases in addition to a sunk contribution granted directly by 
the Italian State), and (ii) to involve the banking system in the evaluations relating to 
the granting of public incentives, providing for its direct participation in the related risks

--- Page 137 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 136 - 
47-41034559 
 
through the necessary complementary granting of medium-long-term loans under 
market conditions - a revolving reserve fund (Fondo rotativo per il sostegno alle 
imprese e gli investimenti in ricerca) (the "Revolving Fund for Enterprises") was 
implemented, within the Separate Account System, for the granting of fixed rate 
subsidised loans with CDP funding (the "Subsidised Loans"). 
The Revolving Fund for Enterprises initial resources have been established by law for 
an amount equal to Euro 6,000 million and such funds are distributed among various 
incentive programme by CIPESS (the Inter-Ministerial Committee for Economic 
Programming and Sustainable Development) that also determines, inter alia, the 
general criteria for the issuance of Subsidised Loans and the minimum interest rate 
applicable to the beneficiaries of the Subsidised Loans. The minimum annual interest 
rate applicable to the beneficiaries of the Subsidised Loans currently provided for is 
0.50 per cent., with their maximum duration being 15 years. 
The interest rate payable on amounts disbursed by CDP as Subsidised Loans is 
determined by virtue of a MEF decree as interest due to CDP. The difference between 
the rate thus established and the Subsidised Loans interest rate due by the relevant 
beneficiary is charged to the Italian State, together with an overall amount equal to 
0.40 per cent. of the amount granted annually as Subsidised Loans by way of 
reimbursement of the expenses incurred by CDP in managing the fund. 
As to the involvement of the banking system in the granting of public incentives, the 
above-mentioned reform provides that having access to a medium-long-term loan 
granted under market conditions by a banking institution (the "Lender") is an eligibility 
requirement to obtain CDP Subsidised Loans. The evaluation of the duration, amount 
and conditions (including the security package, if necessary) of the bank loan and the 
CDP Subsidised Loan are entrusted to the Lender, which is therefore responsible for 
the evaluation of the creditworthiness of the beneficiary, provided that the bank loan 
and the Subsidised Loan shall be guaranteed by the same security package, if any. 
The obligation of reimbursing the Subsidised Loan and related interests is assisted, 
as a final and residual resource, by a guarantee granted by the Italian State, provided 
for by decree of the MEF and issued in accordance with the criteria, conditions and 
patterns established in the decree. 
Currently the highest quota (above 55 per cent.) of the Revolving Fund for Enterprises' 
resources is allocated to the research and development sectors. Pursuant to Article 
30 of Law Decree No. 83 of 22 June 2012 ("Law Decree 83"), as amended by Article 
26 of Law Decree No 34/2019 (“Growth Decree”), starting from 2020 CDP carries out 
a survey, involving the competent public authorities, about the unused resources of 
the Revolving Fund for Enterprises 70 per cent. of such amount shall be set aside for 
the purposes of a fund constituted by the Ministry of Economic Development (the 
"Fund for Sustainable Growth"). Such percentage decreases to 50 per cent for the 
3-year period 2022-2024, on the basis of the law modifications as of Article 3, 
paragraph 9-bis, of Law Decree 152/2021. 
On 17 March 2016, the Ministry of Economic Development, the ABI and CDP entered 
into a framework agreement (“Convenzione FCS”) setting out, inter alia, procedures 
for the granting of facilitated loans further to the implementation of measures of the

--- Page 138 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 137 - 
47-41034559 
 
Fund for Sustainable Growth that has access to the resources of the Revolving Fund 
for Enterprises. 
On 28 July 2016, CDP, the ABI and the Ministry of Economic Development signed two 
addenda to the aforementioned framework agreement, for the activation of two 
initiatives in the context of the Fund for Sustainable Growth ("Agenda Digitale 
Italiana" and "Industria Sostenibile"), for an amount of up to Euro 450 million. By 
decree of the Ministry of Economic Development dated 18 October 2017, an additional 
Euro 350 million of resources of the Revolving Fund for Enterprises was allocated to 
the activation of the two initiatives. 
On 28 July 2017, the Ministry of Economic Development, the ABI and CDP entered 
into a framework agreement setting out, inter alia, procedures for the granting of 
facilitated loans to support a specific measure of the Revolving Fund for Enterprises, 
for an amount of up to Euro 200 million, promoting the creation and growth of 
companies for the pursuit of purposes of social utility. 
On 19 October 2017, the Ministry of Agricultural, Food and Forestry Policies and CDP 
signed a framework agreement defining, inter alia, procedures for the granting of 
facilitated loans for an amount of up to Euro 200 million from the Revolving Fund for 
Enterprises, intended to favour the integration of the supply chain of the agricultural 
and agri-food system and the strengthening of the agri-food districts (so called “IV 
Bando”). On the 9 October 2020 the framework agreement was integrated also to 
encompass the dairy sector. 
In 2019, the Ministry of Agricultural, Food and Forestry Policies assigned additional 
Euro 110 million to above mentioned initiative, while the Ministry of Economic 
Development has refinanced the Agenda Digitale Italiana and Industria Sostenibile 
initiatives with Euro 247 million, including Euro 105 million of CDP funds.  
On 16 November 2020 CDP, the ABI and the Ministry of Economic Development 
signed an addendum to the Convenzione FCS, for the activation of an initiative in 
favour of the Circular Economy, in the context of the Fund for Sustainable Growth, for 
an amount up to Euro 157 million. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 855 - 859 of Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006, (the 
budget law for 2007), the operation of the Revolving Fund for Enterprises has been 
extended to regional subsidy measures, increasing resources up to a maximum of 
Euro 2,000 million. In line with the national level, the Regional Revolving Fund for 
Enterprises is based on subsidized loans granted by CDP, in addition to a sunk 
contribution granted directly by the Region, in pool with the banking system, focused 
on specific sectors identified by regional Laws. 
On 26 June 2020 CDP, the ABI and the Region of Campania signed a framework 
agreement defining, inter alia, procedures for the granting of facilitated loans for an 
amount up to Euro 175 million from the Regional Revolving Fund for Enterprises 
intended to increase the competitiveness of the strategic supply chains within the 
Region, also following the Covid-19 emergency. 
On February 2022, the CIPESS assigned to Ministry of Agricultural, Food and Forestry 
Policies, further Euro 900 million from the Revolving Fund for Enterprises to promote 
the integration of the supply chain of the agricultural and agri-food system and the

--- Page 139 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 138 - 
47-41034559 
 
strengthening of the agri-food districts, of which about Euro 350 million to increase 
aforementioned IV Bando and the remaining part for new initiatives (so called “V 
Bando”). 
Furthermore, Law Decree No. 39 of 28 April 2009 as converted with modifications into 
law ("Law Decree 39") introduced some urgent provisions in favour of the population 
of the Region of Abruzzo which was affected by earthquakes in April 2009. Pursuant 
to Article 3, paragraph 3 of Law Decree 39, funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter 
(a) may be used, in an amount of up to Euro 2 billion, for the granting of funds to banks 
which operate in the areas affected by the earthquakes in order for them to grant 
subsidised loans to the people residing in such affected areas for the reconstruction 
or repair of properties classifiable as principal home which have been destroyed or 
declared inhabitable, or for the purchase of new properties also to be used as principal 
homes in substitution of those destroyed by the earthquakes. The reimbursement of 
the loans by the final beneficiaries to the banks will be guaranteed by the Republic of 
Italy pursuant to terms and modalities to be established by decree of the MEF. 
Pursuant to Article 3, paragraph 3-bis of Law Decree 39, introduced by Article 4, 
paragraph 8-bis of Law Decree No. 133 of 2014, converted into Law No. 164 of 2014, 
the reimbursement of the loans by the banks to CDP is guaranteed by the Republic of 
Italy pursuant to the terms and practicalities established by decree of the MEF. In 
particular, the decree established that this public guarantee is on first demand, 
irrevocable and unconditional. In December 2012, CDP completed the distribution of 
the entire amount of Euro 2 billion. 
In order to remedy the damage caused by the earthquake of May 2012 which affected 
some of the northern regions of Italy, the Italian government adopted two provisions 
in favour of the population of the regions of Emilia-Romagna, Lombardy and Veneto, 
allowing for the creation of two additional CDP funds in the aggregate amount of Euro 
12 billion. The first one (the "Plafond Moratoria Sisma 2012", equal to Euro 6 billion), 
introduced by Article 11 of Law Decree No. 174 of 10 October 2012, as converted into 
law, and Article 1 of Law Decree No. 194 of 16 November 2012, as integrated by 
Article 1, paragraphs 365-373, of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012 and Article 6 of 
Law Decree No. 43 of 26 April 2013, as converted into law, is dedicated to the granting 
of funds to banks which operate in the areas affected by the earthquakes in order for 
them to grant subsidised loans (with a maximum duration of two years, later extended 
to eight years by several regulatory provisions) to the enterprises and workers 
operating in such affected areas for the deferment of payment of taxes. The second 
one (the "Plafond Ricostruzione Sisma 2012", for an additional amount of Euro 6 
billion), introduced by Article 3-bis of Law Decree No. 95 of 6 July 2012, may be used 
for the granting of funds to banks which operate in the areas affected by the 
earthquakes in order for them to grant subsidised loans (with a maximum duration of 
25 years) to the people residing and the enterprises operating in such affected areas 
for the reconstruction or repair of properties for residential and productive use, 
including plants and equipment. In both cases, the reimbursement of the loans by the 
banks to CDP is guaranteed by the Republic of Italy pursuant to the terms and 
practicalities established by decrees of the MEF. In particular, the decrees established 
that these public guarantees are on first demand, irrevocable and unconditional. For 
financing the same interventions as described above, CDP and EIB signed four loan 
agreements for a total amount of Euro 1,600 million.

--- Page 140 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 139 - 
47-41034559 
 
Moreover, in order to remedy the damage caused by the flooding in the region of 
Sardinia in November 2013, the Italian government adopted provisions in favour of the 
population of the region of Sardinia. Pursuant to Article 7 of Law Decree No. 151 of 30 
December 2013, CDP made available a maximum amount of Euro 90 million, 
analogous to the Plafond Moratoria Sisma 2012. The reimbursement of the loans by 
the banks to CDP is guaranteed by the Republic of Italy in accordance with the terms 
and practicalities established by a decree of the MEF. In particular, the decree 
established that this public guarantee is also on first demand, irrevocable and 
unconditional. 
In addition, to implement the provisions of Article 1, paragraphs 422 to 428 of the 
Stability Law 2016, CDP approved, on 25 May 2016, the establishment of a new 
plafond of up to Euro 1.5 billion (the "Plafond Eventi Calamitosi"), dedicated to the 
financing of interventions of private and productive reconstruction after natural 
disasters that occurred throughout Italy from 2013. The guidelines and application 
rules of the Plafond Eventi Calamitosi were defined through an agreement entered 
into with ABI on 17 November 2016. In order to finance the same interventions 
described above, CDP and EIB signed a loan agreement for an amount of Euro 230 
million in November 2017 and a loan agreement for an amount of Euro 300 milion in 
December 2019. 
Moreover, in order to remedy the damage caused by several earthquakes that struck 
the territories of Central Italy from 24 August 2016, Article 5 of Law Decree No. 189 of 
17 October 2016 introduced a new instrument (the "Plafond Sisma Centro Italia"), 
that replicates the mechanisms of the Plafond Ricostruzione Sisma 2012. In particular, 
it may be used for the granting of funds to banks which operate in the areas affected 
by the earthquakes in order for them to grant subsidised loans (with a maximum 
duration of 25 years) to the people residing and the enterprises operating in such 
affected areas for the reconstruction or repair of properties for residential and 
productive purposes, including plants and equipment. The reimbursement of the loans 
by the banks to CDP is guaranteed by the Republic of Italy pursuant to the terms and 
practicalities established by a decree of the MEF. In particular, the decree established 
that these public guarantees are on first demand, irrevocable and unconditional. The 
maximum amount of the Plafond Sisma Centro Italia falls within the annual limit set by 
the budget law for 2017, subsequently increased by the budget law for 2022, (currently 
estimated at about Euro 10 billion). The guidelines and application rules of the Plafond 
Sisma Centro Italia were defined in an agreement with ABI, signed on 18 November 
2016. 
On June 26, 2017 CDP signed a specific line of financing with the EIB, amounting to 
Euro 1 billion. Subsequently, on 12 January 2018, CDP subscribed a Euro 350 million 
funding agreement with the CEB. The use of CEB funds, as well as the EIB’s ones, 
enables CDP to apply advantageous financing conditions to the benefit of the Italian 
Government. 
As part of the initiatives in favour of the territories of Central Italy affected by the 
earthquakes from 24 August 2016, the CDP Board of Directors on 27 February 2017 
approved the establishment of a plafond of an amount of up to Euro 560 million (the 
"Plafond Moratoria Sisma Centro Italia"), dedicated to the granting of funds to banks 
in order for them to grant subsidised loans (with a maximum duration of eight years) 
to the enterprises and workers operating in such affected areas for the deferment of

--- Page 141 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 140 - 
47-41034559 
 
payment of taxes in accordance with Article 11 of Law Decree No. 8 of 9 February 
2017 ("Law Decree 8"). The reimbursement of the loans by the banks to CDP is 
guaranteed by the Republic of Italy pursuant to the terms and practicalities that will be 
established by a decree of the MEF. The guidelines of such instrument have been 
defined through a special agreement entered into with the ABI on 3 July 2017. 
Article 2, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of Law Decree No. 102 of 31 August 2013, 
introduced the possibility for CDP to use funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) 
for the residential sector. In particular, the provisions allowed CDP to (a) provide funds 
to the banking system for the granting of mortgages in favour of individuals, dedicated 
to the purchase of residential property, with priority given to principal houses, and to 
restructuring costs intended to improve energy efficiency; and (b) to purchase cover 
bonds and asset-backed securities, with underlying residential mortgages. Such 
legislation allowed CDP to launch, respectively, two initiatives, for a total amount of 
Euro 5 billion, allocated as follows: (i) Euro 2 billion dedicated to the Plafond Casa, 
and (ii) Euro 3 billion to the purchase of securities. 
On the basis of levels of application of the resources of the Plafond Casa, in March 
2016 the Board of Directors resolved to increase the maximum amount of (i) Plafond 
Casa to Euro 3 billion, implemented by an addendum to the agreement between CDP 
and the ABI, executed on 7 April 2016; and (ii) the programme of purchase of 
securities, from Euro 3 billion to Euro 5 billion. 
Finally, the Kyoto Fund, established by Article 1, paragraphs 1110 to 1115 of Law No. 
296 of 27 December 2006, is a fund consisting of an amount of up to Euro 600 million 
of public resources, for the granting of subsidised loans in order to reduce emissions 
responsible for the greenhouse effect and energy efficiency. The aforementioned 
legislation confers the management of the fund to CDP. 
Through the Kyoto Fund, subsidised loans may be granted, at a rate of 0.50 per cent. 
per annum, with maturities ranging from three to six years (15 years for the public 
sector). The other beneficiaries can be enterprises, individuals, condominiums and 
private legal entities. 
The first window of the Kyoto Fund has been active since March 2012. 
The purposes of the Kyoto Fund have been redefined by Article 57 of Law Decree 83. 
In particular, funds reserved for enterprises (ESCos included) shall be used for 
granting subsidised loans for projects in green economy sectors and connected to the 
safety of the territory from hydrogeological and seismic risks. The second window of 
the Kyoto Fund was fully implemented in the first half of 2013. 
More recently, pursuant to Article 9 of Law Decree No. 91 of 2014 ("Law Decree 91"), 
converted into Law No. 116 of 2014, the Kyoto Fund has been subject to further 
reform: the remaining resources of the Kyoto Fund, for an amount of up to Euro 350 
million, may be used for the granting of subsidised loans to Public Entities in order to 
implement measures to increase the energy efficiency of school buildings, including 
kindergartens and university end-use efficiency, with CDP being confirmed as 
manager of the fund. The effective implementation of this provision has been defined 
by a decree of the Minister of the Environment and the MEF, in consultation with the 
Minister of Economic Development and the Minister of Education, University and 
Research. This window lasted until 31 December 2018. Furthermore, budget law 2019

--- Page 142 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 141 - 
47-41034559 
 
(Law n. 145/2018) extended the scope of the subsidised loans that can be granted to 
Public Entities, including the financing of energy efficiency and water saving 
interventions to building used for public health or as sporting venues. The guidelines 
and implementing rules for the use of resources (“Kyoto Fund 5”) were defined by a 
decree No. 65 of 11 February 2021 of the Minister of Ecological Transition (“MITE”) 
and the MEF, in consultation with the Minister of Economic Development, the Minister 
of Education, University and Research. On 17 May 2021 was signed between the 
Ministry of Ecological Transition and CDP a separate supplementary act ("Kyoto 
Addendum 5") defining the methods of managing the subsidised loans referred to in 
Decree No. 65/2021. Later on, on 22 June 2021, the notice of the opening of the 
window for the submission of applications for the granting of low-interest loans from 
the Kyoto Fund 5 was published, which was opened for a total of 180 days (until 20 
December 2021). 
Corporate Lending 
The Corporate Lending and Guarantees Department (“Debito e Garanzie Imprese”), 
is in charge of the financing of initiatives promoted by counterparties in any sectors 
(e.g. industrial, agri-food, automotive, chemical and pharmaceutical, bio-chemical, 
publishing, manufacturing, mechanical, instrumental, IT, electronics, commercial, 
mass distribution, logistics, aerospace and defence, construction, real estate, media, 
shipping, iron, steel, metal, cement, paper, glass, wood, plastics, materials, culture, 
tourism, fashion, luxury and services, excluding sectors reserved to other 
departments), through loan products of any kind, under the Ordinary Account System 
or the Separate Account System in accordance with regulations and CDP by-laws. 
In 2021 the Corporate Lending and and Guarantees Department continued pursuing 
the mission of ensuring financial support to national enterprises in a complementary 
role to the banking system. With regard to direct lending, new loan agreements, 
guarantees and corporate bonds subscribed over the year totalled Euro 2.2 billion, 
specifically: 
- 
Euro 0.9 billion to support Italian companies in the post Covid-19 recovery 
through the “Covid-19 Liquidity” instruments; 
- 
Euro 1.4 billion to support development, innovation, green investments and 
growth initiatives of Italian corporates. 
The decrease of volumes compared to 2020, is mainly a consequence of the reduction 
in average volumes per transaction, due to the increasing support to mid-corporate 
segment, characterized by smaller dimensions. In terms of number of deals, 136 new 
deals were signed in 2021. The new deals are characterised by a relevant 
diversification in terms of sectors and are mostly directed to enterprises operating in 
the manufacturing, mechanical, steel, agri-food, automotive, defence, healthcare and 
shipbuilding industries. 
As at 31 December 2021, the stock of outstanding debt amounted to Euro 6.0 billion, 
recording an increase of 10.6 per cent. over the stock at the end of 2020 (equal to 
Euro 5.5 billion). Growth in the stock of loans and bonds was mainly driven by the 
subscription of new lending operations. 
Export & International Financing

--- Page 143 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 142 - 
47-41034559 
 
As mentioned above, Article 8 of Law Decree 78 originally authorised the use of 
funding sources within the Separate Account System, including the use of postal 
savings, for operations aimed at supporting internationalisation and export credit, 
provided that the intervention by CDP is supported by guarantee or insurance policies 
issued by SACE. Article 8 has been implemented through a decree issued by the MEF 
on 22 January 2010. 
Subsequently, Article 1, paragraph 44, of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 (the so-
called "Stability Law 2014"), as amended by Article 8 of Law Decree 78, established 
that the intervention of CDP in internationalisation and export were not limited to 
transactions guaranteed or insured by SACE but, more generally, by another 
insurance institution whose obligations are guaranteed by a State. 
Consequently, on 23 December 2014, the MEF issued a new decree in respect of the 
Stability Law 2014, published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 35 of 
12 February 2015, implementing the amendments introduced by the Stability Law 
2014, pursuant to which CDP is authorised to: (i) provide, at market conditions, the 
banks with the necessary funding to grant loans in connection with transactions for the 
internationalisation of enterprises and exportation, provided that such transactions are 
insured or guaranteed by SACE or other export credit agencies, from national 
development banks or other financial institutions established pursuant to international 
agreements; and (ii) directly finance, at market conditions, transactions to support the 
internationalisation of enterprises and exportation, provided that such transactions are 
guaranteed or insured by any export credit agencies, national development banks or 
other financial institutions established pursuant to international agreements, in the 
case of financing transactions for amounts exceeding Euro 25 million. Such direct 
lending provides up to 50 per cent. of total funding in the event of co-financing or for a 
higher percentage should the particular temporal characteristics or dimensions of the 
financing not be compatible with the intervention of the banking system. 
Subject to the above provisions, financial conditions applicable to financing described 
above are defined on a case by case basis in accordance with market conditions. 
Pursuant to Article 3 of Law Decree No. 3 of 24 January 2015 ("Law Decree 3"), as 
converted with amendments into Law No. 33 of 24 March 2015 ("Law 33"), Article 8 
of Law Decree 78 has been further amended. Article 8 provides that CDP may support 
export credit and internationalisation transactions also without the insurance or 
guarantee of SACE or any other export credit agencies, national development banks 
or other financial institutions established pursuant to international agreements. 
On 29 September 2016, the shareholders' meeting of SACE approved the transfer of 
76.005 per cent. of SIMEST's shares from CDP to SACE. This was an important step 
aimed at creating an integrated mechanism to support the growth and international 
competitiveness of the national production system. The integration of the two 
companies, which have already been working in close collaboration since the 
beginning of the year 2016, within the CDP Group combines the insurance-financial 
products, services and expertise of SACE and SIMEST with the overall product 
offering of the CDP Group. The objective is to offer Italian companies integrated 
support to meet all their requirements related to exports and internationalisation: from 
credit insurance to foreign investment protection, from financial guarantees for 
accessing bank credit to factoring services, from bonds to win competitive contracts

--- Page 144 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 143 - 
47-41034559 
 
to protection against construction risks, from equity investment to low-interest loans 
and export credit. 
On 19 March 2019, the shareholders' meeting of CDP approved an amendment to its 
by-laws pursuant to which CDP’s support to internationalisation transactions can also 
be carried out in its Ordinary Account System. This amendment has extended the area 
of intervention of CDP in the field of internationalisation, historically focused in favour 
of large corporates within the abovementioned Italian Minister of the Economy and 
Finance decree dated 23 December 2014, also to small-medium enterprises for 
financing transactions for amounts even lower than Euro 25 million and with a 
percentage of CDP funding up to 100 per cent.. 
On 21 March 2022, following: 
 the August Decree, converted into law with amendments by Law No. 126 of 13 
October 2020 and, specifically, article 67 (named "Reorganisation of the SACE 
group") which provides, amongst other, that the possible reorganisation of the 
SACE Group and the transfer value of the relevant shareholdings, as deemed 
appropriate by the parties, shall be determined, subject to an agreement 
between the MEF and CDP, by a decree to be issued by the Italian Minister of 
the Economy and Finance, in agreement with the Italian Minister of Foreign 
Affairs and International Cooperation (the “Implementing Decree”); 
 the hypothetical agreement signed by the MEF, CDP and SACE, pursuant to 
article 67, paragraph 2 of the August Decree (the “Hypothetical Agreement”), 
under which they agreed, among other things, to submit the following proposal 
for the reorganisation of the SACE Group to their respective decision-making 
bodies: 
o the transfer from SACE to CDP of SACE’s entire equity stake in SIMEST, 
which represents the 76,005 per cent. of SIMEST’s share capital, and 
o the transfer from CDP to the MEF of CDP’s entire equity stake in SACE, 
which represents 100 per cent. of SACE’s share capital, excluding 
SIMEST; 
 CDP’s Board of Directors’ resolution to approve the reorganisation of the SACE 
Group, in fulfilment of the commitments undertaken in the Hypothetical 
Agreement; 
 the Implementing Decree, which outlined, amongst other, the overall structure 
of the envisaged reorganisation of the SACE Group and the transfer value of 
the relevant shareholdings, that has been (i) signed by the Italian Minister of 
the Economy and Finance and by the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs and 
International Cooperation, respectively, on 19 January 2022 and on 22 January 
2022, (ii) registered by the Italian Corte dei Conti on 8 February 2022, and (iii) 
published on the MEF website on 17 March 2022, 
the reorganisation of the SACE Group has occurred through the settlement of the due 
considerations and the transfer of share certificates.

--- Page 145 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 144 - 
47-41034559 
 
As a result of the transaction, CDP directly holds the 76,005 per cent. of SIMEST’s 
share capital, and the MEF directly holds 100 per cent. of SACE’s share capital. 
The reorganisation thus determined allows the companies involved to strengthen their 
production specialization and therefore pursue their mission of supporting the 
sustainable development of the country and the growth of Italian companies in the best 
possible way. 
Special Purpose Assets (Patrimonio Destinato) pursuant to Rilancio Decree 
On 17 July 2020, the Law Decree dated 19 May 2020, No. 34 (so-called “Rilancio 
Decree”) has been converted, with amendments, into law and its Article 27 provides 
that: “In order to […] support and relaunch the Italian economic-productive system after 
the "Covid-19" epidemiological emergency, CDP S.p.A. is entitled to establish a 
special purpose asset called "Patrimonio Rilancio" […] to which are transferred assets 
and legal relationships by the Ministry of the Economy and Finance”. Moreover, Article 
27 of the Rilancio Decree provides, among others, that: “The Patrimonio Destinato, as 
well as each of its sub-funds, is autonomous and separate, in all respects, from the 
assets of CDP S.p.A..” 
Pursuant to Article 27, paragraph 4, of the Rilancio Decree, the resources of the 
Patrimonio Destinato shall be used to support and relaunch the Italian economic 
production system. The Patrimonio Destinato operates in accordance with the 
conditions provided for by the European Union's regulatory framework on State aid 
adopted to deal with the "Covid-19" epidemic or at market conditions. The 
interventions of the Patrimonio Destinato concern “joint-stock companies, including 
those with shares listed on regulated markets and those set up as cooperatives, which: 
a) have their registered office in Italy; b) do not operate in the banking, financial or 
insurance sector and c) have an annual turnover of more than EUR 50 million”. 
Access requirements, terms, criteria, and modalities of the interventions of the 
Patrimonio Destinato are set out by the Decree of the Minister of the Economy and 
Finance dated 3 February 2021, No. 26, published in the so-called “Gazzetta Ufficiale” 
on 10 March 2021.  
Pursuant to Article 27, paragraphs 2 and 17, of the Rilancio Decree, the Decree of the 
Minister of the Economy and Finance dated 7 May 2021, No. 37612, published in the 
so-called “Gazzetta Ufficiale” on 15 May 2021 (so-called “Decreto Apporto”), among 
other things, sets out the initial funding of the Patrimonio Destinato, providing for the 
allocation to CDP, on behalf of the Patrimonio Destinato, of government securities to 
be issued for approximately 3 billion Euro.  
Following the approval of CDP’s shareholders meeting on 26 May 2021, 
Patrimonio Destinato has been formed on 7 June 2021, by registering CDP 
shareholders meeting’s resolution in the competent companies’ register (so-called 
“Registro delle Imprese”).

--- Page 146 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 145 - 
47-41034559 
 
More precisely, Patrimonio Destinato is composed by the following three sub-funds: 
- 
Fondo Nazionale Supporto Temporaneo: temporary interventions in companies 
which have been affected by the Covid-19 outbreak, in compliance with the 
measures set forth in the “Communication from the Commission: Temporary 
Framework for state aid measures to support the economy in the current Covid-
19 outbreak”; 
- 
Fondo Nazionale Strategico: long-term investments, together with other private 
investors, in companies characterized by solid growth prospects to support their 
development plans; 
- 
Fondo 
Nazionale 
Ristrutturazioni 
Imprese: 
interventions 
in 
companies 
characterized by temporary economic and financial imbalances but with adequate 
profit-generating prospects. 
CDP ACTIVITIES 
A. The Account Systems 
A.1 The Separate Account System 
Pursuant to paragraph 8 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269 and to article 6 of CDP's by-
laws, CDP has established a Separate Account System in which the activities under 
letters (A1), (A2), (C), (D) where applicable, (E) where applicable, (F), (G) and (H) of 
article 3 of CDP's by-laws where applicable, as well as any other instrumental, 
connected or ancillary activity carried out using funds pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 
7, letter (a), are to be registered and managed. The Separate Account System is 
established for accounting and organisational purposes only, so that from a legal point 
of view, CDP remains a single legal entity and any creditors of CDP may recover their 
claims by attaching them to all of CDP's assets (except for those segregated in favour 
of certain creditors only pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 18). 
The Separate Account System is managed in line with applicable transparency and 
economic safeguard criteria. Article 6 of CDP's by-laws has been amended in order to 
specify that, for the transactions referred to in letter (A2) of paragraph 1 of article 3 of 
CDP's by-laws, the economic and financial sustainability of each project shall be 
assessed. 
Such organisational and accounting separation aims at highlighting the economic 
balance of the Separate Account System and at enabling the MEF to exercise its 
powers to issue guidelines thereon and to ensure compliance with EU legislation on 
State Aid, competition and transparency. 
Pursuant to paragraphs 9 and 11 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269, the MEF has the 
power to determine the general policies of the Separate Account System and to issue 
decrees on, inter alia, the determination of the criteria for the definition of general 
economic terms of the demand of passbook savings accounts, postal savings bonds, 
other securities and other financial transactions guaranteed by the Republic of Italy, 
as well as those for the granting of loans by means of funds pursuant to Article 5,

--- Page 147 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 146 - 
47-41034559 
 
paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 and for the management of the 
shareholdings and participations held by CDP. 
The implementation by CDP of the decrees or guidelines issued by the MEF in 
connection with the Separate Account System is ensured by the attendance of 
Additional Directors (as defined below) at the meetings of the board of directors of 
CDP (the "Board of Directors") convened to resolve on matters relating to the 
Separate Account System (for details on the Additional Directors see paragraph 
"Board of Directors, Managing Director and General Manager" below). To pass a valid 
resolution involving the management of the Separate Account System, at least two 
Additional Directors are required to be present at the board meeting and to vote for its 
adoption. 
In addition, the Supervisory Board (as defined below) is composed of four members 
of the Italian Senate (Senato della Repubblica), four members of the Italian Chamber 
of Deputies (Camera dei Deputati), three judges of the Council of State (Consiglio di 
Stato), and one judge of the Court of Accounts (Corte dei Conti), and supervises the 
Separate Account System of CDP pursuant to paragraph 9 of Article 5 and Royal 
Decree No. 453 of 2 January 1913 ("Royal Decree 453"). 
On 16 December 2021, the Boards of Directors of CDP, as issuer, and Poste Italiane, 
as distributor, have approved the terms of a new Poste Italiane Distribution 
Agreement. 
Consequently, on 24 December 2021, CDP and Poste Italiane entered into the Poste 
Italiane Distribution Agreement - which became effective in February 2022 upon 
satisfaction of the relevant condition precedent - for the distribution of postal savings 
instruments, for a four-year term starting on 1 January 2021 and ending on 31 
December 2024. The Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement consolidates the 
relationship between CDP and Poste Italiane, strengthening their partnership to serve 
Italian investors and supporting Italy's economic growth. 
Pursuant to the Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement, the remuneration of Poste 
Italiane, which is the only distributor of postal savings instruments issued by CDP, is 
proportionate to the stock of postal savings products (passbook savings accounts and 
postal savings bonds) and the annual flows of bond subscriptions. 
Safeguard mechanisms and reductions in remuneration due to Poste Italiane are also 
foreseen in case the net funding deviates from the objectives set for each year. 
Postal savings, which allow CDP to pursue its institutional mission, constitute the main 
source of funding in the Separate Account System for CDP. As at 31 December 2021 
postal savings represented 76 per cent. per cent. of CDP's total funding in the 
Separate Account System (equal to Euro 281 billion out of a total of Euro 370 billion). 
Any and all transactions and business activities entered into by CDP in connection 
with funding and lending under the Separate Account System are exempt from 
registration tax, stamp duty, mortgage tax and other indirect taxes. 
A.2 The Ordinary Account System

--- Page 148 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 147 - 
47-41034559 
 
All of CDP’s other business activities that are not specifically attributed to the Separate 
Account System are carried out by the Ordinary Account System organisational unit. 
While not specifically cited in article 5 of Decree Law 269, the Ordinary Account 
System encompasses the other activities of CDP, namely, those that are not assigned 
by law to the Separate Account System. 
In particular, pursuant to article 5, paragraph 7, letter b), of Decree Law 269, CDP’s 
Articles of Association include among the activities designed to achieve its mission 
that are not assigned to the Separate Account System: 
- 
the granting of loans, preferably under joint financing arrangements with credit 
institutions, for: (i) works, systems, networks and equipment designed for 
initiatives of public utility; and (ii) investments in the research, development, 
innovation, protection and enhancement of cultural heritage, the promotion of 
tourism, the environment and energy efficiency sustainable development, the 
green economy and initiatives for company growth, including through business 
mergers and/or acquisitions, in Italy and abroad; 
- 
acquiring, including indirectly, equity investments in companies of major 
national interest with a stable financial position, stable financial performance 
and adequate profit-generating prospects which satisfy the requirements set out 
in the decree of the Minister of the Economy and Finance pursuant to article 5, 
paragraph 8-bis, of the abovementioned decree law; 
- 
acquiring: (i) covered bank bonds backed by mortgages on residential real 
estate and/or securities issued under law 130 of 30 April 1999, as part of 
securitisation transactions involving receivables deriving from mortgages on 
residential real estate; and (ii) securities issued under law 130 of 30 April 1999, 
as part of securitisation transactions involving receivables from SMEs; and 
- 
providing consultancy services and conducting studies, research and analysis 
of economic and financial matters. 
FUNDING AND EQUITY 
A. Funding of the Separate Account System and Ordinary Account System 
A.1 Bilateral financing contracts with European Financial Institutions 
In addition to the postal savings instruments and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme, the funding required by CDP for carrying out the activities falling under 
the Separate Account System is raised by CDP by entering into loans with European 
Financial Institutions, such as the EIB and the CEB. This source of funding is also 
used by CDP to finance the activities falling under the Ordinary Account System, 
depending on the projects to be financed. 
With regard to the credit facilities granted by the EIB, in 2021 CDP entered into a new 
loan agreement for an amount of approximately Euro 18 million for the financing of a 
greenfield wind project, for a total nominal capacity of 95 MV, to be realized by PLT 
Wind 2020 S.r.l..

--- Page 149 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 148 - 
47-41034559 
 
During 2021, CDP requested and obtained new disbursements on credit facilities 
granted by EIB and CEB for an aggregate amount of Euro 1.1 billion mainly for the 
financing of reconstruction projects related to natural disasters (through the “Plafond 
Sisma Centro Italia”), and school buildings. 
As of 31 December 2021, the outstanding amount of credit facilities granted by the 
EIB and the CEB was equal to Euro 5.1 billion, of which Euro 4.7 billion granted by the 
EIB and Euro 0.4 billion granted by the CEB. 
A.2 Multi-Currency Commercial Paper Programme (Programma di Cambiali 
Finanziarie) 
In 2014, CDP launched a new Euro 3 billion multi-currency Commercial Paper 
Programme (Programma di Cambiali Finanziarie) governed by Italian Law pursuant to 
Law No. 43 of 13 January 1994, as amended by Law No. 134 of 7 August 2012 (the 
“EC Programme”). At the beginning of 2018, the size of the EC Programme was 
increased to Euro 6 billion. The commercial papers issued by CDP may be listed on 
ExtraMOT PRO, a non-regulated market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. The EC Programme has obtained the STEP label from the STEP Secretariat. 
The proceeds may be used to finance both the Separate Account System and the 
Ordinary Account System. As of 31 December 2021, the nominal amount of 
outstanding issues under the Separate Account System was equal to Euro 1.3 billion 
and equal to Euro 2.35 billion under the Ordinary Account System. 
A.3 Debt Issuance Programme 
With reference to medium-long term funding under the Programme, during 2021 CDP 
issued Notes for a total nominal amount of Euro 650 million. In particular, CDP issued, 
under the Separate Account System, a new Social Bond for a nominal amount of Euro 
500 million and two private placements, for a total nominal amount of Euro 150 million 
under the Ordinary Account System. 
In the context of the Programme CDP has developed a Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below), in accordance with the most 
recent Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines, published by the ICMA. 
The aim of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) 
is to promote the financing of specific investments which have positive impacts in 
terms of social and environmental sustainability, thus supporting the achievement of 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Each Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bond can focus on one, more than one or all the categories included in 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) from time to 
time, making it an important tool in contributing to the promotion of sustainable 
development. 
CDP is active as an ESG issuer through the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as defined below) since 2017. Since then it has issued 6 Social Bonds 
and 1 Sustainability Bond, for an overall amount of Euro 4.75 billion. In line with its 
role as National Promotional Institution, and with its strategic approach to sustainability 
aimed at contribute to the achievement of the 17 United Nations Sustainable

--- Page 150 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 149 - 
47-41034559 
 
Development Goals, CDP recognises the importance of its role in supporting 
sustainability and continues to operate by strengthening its commitment to sustainable 
finance tools, in line with environmental, social and governance standards.  
A.4 Domestic Programme 
In 2015, CDP launched a domestic bond-issuance programme (the “Domestic 
Programme”) approved by CONSOB and reserved for retail investors (individuals 
residing in Italy). The purpose of the Domestic Programme is to expand the funding 
sources dedicated to the financing of projects of public interest, which were previously 
funded by postal savings products. 
The first bond issued under the Domestic Programme was launched in March 2015. 
This bond – issued with a nominal amount of Euro 1.5 billion – expired on 20 March 
2022. 
In 2019, CDP issued the second bond under the Domestic Programme. This bond – 
issued with a nominal amount of Euro 1.5 billion – will expire on 28 June 2026 and 
bears a fixed-to-floating interest rate.  
A.5 2019 Renminbi Bonds of Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A 
At the end of July 2019, CDP issued the first Panda Bond for financing branches or 
subsidiaries of Italian companies incorporated in the People’s Republic of China, either 
directly or indirectly through Chinese branches of Italian banks or through Chinese 
banks. This bond - intended for institutional investors operating in China - was issued 
with a notional amount of Renminbi 1 billion and will expire on 1 August 2022. The 
issuance is part of a 5 billion Renminbi issuances plan approved by the People's Bank 
of China. 
B. Equity investments and funds – portfolio composition4 
(millions of euro; %) 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 Change (+ / -) 
Change(%) 
A. Group companies 
15,007 
13,666 
1,342 
9.8% 
B. Other equity investments 
18,947 
18,842 
106 
0.6% 
Listed companies 
18,865 
18,779 
85 
0.5% 
Unlisted companies 
83 
62 
20 
32.3% 
C. Investment funds and investment vehicles 
3,453 
3,043 
410 
13.5% 
Total 
37,408 
35,551 
1,857 
5.2% 
 
 
 
4 Limited to this chart, and in order to provide a like-for-like comparison with the previous periods, the 
CDP Group is represented by the companies subject to management and coordination by CDP S.p.A. 
and by SACE.

--- Page 151 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 150 - 
47-41034559 
 
During 2021, CDP’s main investments included: 
 financial support to CDP Equity mainly aimed at (i) backing the investment plan, 
as well as the acquisition from Enel of an additional 10 per cent. equity stake in 
Open Fiber's capital, (ii) entering into the shareholding structure of the Euronext 
stock exchange group, as part of Euronext’s acquisition of Borsa Italiana and 
(iii) making further investments in companies (e.g. GreenIT and Renovit) and 
investment funds, through the subscription of 5 investment funds in Venture 
Capital (e.g. FoF VenturItaly, Fondo Acceleratori5, Fondo Technology Transfer, 
Fondo Evoluzione, Fondo Corporate Partners I6, managed by CDP Venture 
Capital SGR) and 1 investment fund in the infrastructures sector (F2i - Fondo 
per le Infrastrutture Sostenibili, managed by F2i SGR S.p.A.); 
 financial support to CDP Immobiliare, aimed at investment transactions on the 
existing portfolio, to support the development of the main properties in the 
portfolio and the reorganisation of the investee companies; 
 the subscription of an additional 32 newly issued EIF shares, issued as part of 
a capital increase transaction, in line with the equity stake already held by CDP. 
Moreover, the investment activity of the funds in which CDP has invested over time 
also continued in 2021. 
 
 
 
 
5 Subscription of additional shares approved in 2021 but implemented in March 2022. 
6 Investment approved in 2021. Two out of four sectors were subscribed during 2021; of these only one 
reached the First Closing.

--- Page 152 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 151 - 
47-41034559 
 
CDP GROUP'S 2022 – 2024 STRATEGIC PLAN  
In November 2021, the Board of Directors of CDP approved the new Strategic Plan of 
the CDP Group for the three-year period 2022-2024 (the “2022-2024 Strategic Plan”). 
The 2022-2024 Strategic Plan defines the Group’s strategic guidelines starting from 
four major global trends: climate change and protection of the ecosystem, inclusive 
and sustainable growth, digitisation and innovation, and rethinking value chains. 
These trends correspond to ten areas of action for the Group, as set out in the chart 
below. In line with its mission, CDP will act in the identified areas of action through 
debt and equity instruments, the management of public fund mandates, but also, as a 
novelty, by supporting its counterparties with technical assistance and advisory 
services. The methods and areas of action identified are fully consistent with the goals 
of the UN Agenda 2030 for Sustainable Development and the missions of the National 
Recovery and Resilience Plan (PNRR), for which CDP will provide expertise and 
financial instruments, with a service approach towards administrations. 
 
In order to best direct CDP’s action with reference to the challenges identified, the 
strategy underlying the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan for the next three years is structured 
around three major transformational pillars, which will transversally affect the CDP 
Group’s activities: 
1. 
Sector impact assessment and analysis, focusing on identifying the gaps to be 
bridged and on adopting specific financing and investment policies. These 
policies will provide ex-ante guidance when making decisions and will allow the 
social, economic and environmental impact of operations to be measured ex-
post according to criteria of selectivity of the operations examined, with the 
objective of directing CDP’s resources towards the country’s priority areas and 
bridging the most significant market gaps while preserving the economic and 
financial sustainability of CDP and of the projects supported. To this end, CDP 
will strive to reinforce analytical capacities, also by creating Competence 
Centres that specialise in thematic areas: Urban development and regeneration, 
4 MACRO-TRENDS 
SDGs 
Sustainable Development Goals 
of 2030 Agenda for Sustainable 
Development 
1 
2 
3 
4 
 
in line with 
NRRP 
Missions of the National Recovery 
and Resilience Plan 
DIGITISATION, INNOVATION, 
COMPETITIVENESS, 
CULTURE AND TOURISM 
SUSTAINABLE
 
EDUCATION AND RESEARCH 
 
 
10 
9 
8 
7 
6 
5 
4 
3 
2 
1 
10 AREAS OF ACTION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GREEN REVOLUTION AND 
ECOLOGICAL TRANSITION 
Climate change 
and ecosystem 
protection 
Inclusive and 
sustainable
growth 
Digitisation and 
innovation  
Rethinking 
value chains

--- Page 153 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 152 - 
47-41034559 
 
Natural resources, energy and environment, Transport, Social infrastructure, 
Innovation and digitisation. 
2. 
Advisory services and management of public, national and European funds, 
especially for the benefit of the Public Administration (PA), to support it in 
overcoming its historical weaknesses and with a view to directing investments 
towards high-quality projects. 
3. 
Financial instruments available to businesses and public administrations in the 
capacity as Promotional and Development Institution, to support every phase 
of the life cycle of a company or project and to take strong action in support of 
international development cooperation. CDP’s action must be supplementary 
and complementary to other available forms of financing, inclusive and unifying 
towards the market. Specifically: 
 
Loans and guarantees: the action will be increased to support infrastructure, 
the PA and companies through a policy that is able to foster virtuous 
investments, in line with ESG sustainability criteria. For this purpose, CDP 
will boost its technical assessment capacity and enhance the mechanisms 
that blend its own and third-party resources. Furthermore, it will support 
companies in international expansion by ensuring a direct commitment 
through its own resources and developing non-bank lending instruments. 
Financial instruments, technical assessment, advisory and blending will 
also be functional to reinforcing CDP’s role in the sector of international 
cooperation, in partnership with multilateral development banks.  
 
Equity: a new portfolio management approach will be adopted. On one side 
there are the equity investments considered strategic, where CDP will retain 
its role as permanent shareholder covering infrastructure, or assets of 
importance to the country; on the other there are the purposeful 
interventions, with commitment to growth or the stabilisation of companies 
in key sectors, though with an exit and capital turnover rationale; finally, 
there are Private Equity and Venture Capital, where the CDP Group’s 
commitment is expected to grow. In all these cases, operations must be 
based on the crowding-in principle, i.e. the ability to attract resources from 
other investors. 
 
Real estate: in addition to continuing its commitment to tourism, CDP will 
focus on Social, Senior and Student housing, with the aim of having a 
significant impact on the territory thanks to the partnership with the Bank 
foundations, with which cooperation may also concern urban regeneration 
projects, specifically targeting Southern Italy. Overall, the management of 
the real estate portfolio will follow development criteria or direct sales, 
according to principles of transparency and value maximisation.

--- Page 154 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 153 - 
47-41034559 
 
 
 
2022-2024, billion Euro* 
 
21 
53 
 
 
34 
56 
 
2 
4 
 
 
7 
13 
 
1 
2 
 
 
 
 
INVESTMENTS ACTIVATED 
RESOURCES DEPLOYED 
 
 
65 
128 
 
TOTAL 
Bn
 
 
Over the next three years, the CDP Group expects to deploy resources for 65 billion 
euro and attract an additional 63 billion euro of resources from outside investors and 
co-lenders, by implementing investments totalling 128 billion euro. The CDP Group’s 
commitment will focus on having a strong effect at an economic and social level, with 
real and tangible positive results for companies, Public Administration and 
households. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUSTAINABILITY 
3 TRANSFORMATIONAL PILLARS 
Sector analyses and 
funding and investment 
policies to guide actions 
in order to generate 
impact 
(through mandates) 
ADVISORY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
POLICIES 
OPERATING MODEL 
Strengthening capacity  
of sector analyses and 
impact assessment

--- Page 155 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 154 - 
47-41034559 
 
Sustainable development is a founding element of CDP’s strategy, which embarked 
on a constantly evolving process to integrate sustainability into corporate governance, 
company processes, business activities and corporate culture. The CDP Group has 
reported its main ESG goals in the Sustainability Manifesto signed in 2019. In 2020 
CDP’s first integrated report described CDP's short- and long-term sustainability 
strategy, aligning the year's results with the actions to achieve its objectives by 2030.  
The initiatives developed in 2021 were concentrated in 6 main areas. 
I. 
Integrating environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into all company 
processes and internal regulations, introducing the principle of sustainable 
development in the by-laws (amendment of art. 3, paragraph 1). This addition 
expressly states that CDP’s activity is carried out by pursuing “the promotion of 
long-term economic, social and environmental sustainability for the benefit of 
shareholders and taking into account the interests of other stakeholders relevant 
to the company”.   
In line with this perspective and the objective of placing sustainability increasingly 
at the forefront of strategic and operational choices, it should be noted that the 
Risk Committee of the Board of Directors was attributed responsibility regarding 
“Environmental, Social & Governance” (“ESG”) matters, in order to promote 
economic, social and environmental sustainability. As a result of this new 
responsibility the Risk Committee was renamed the “Risk and Sustainability 
Committee” to support the Board of Directors in sustainability strategies, policies 
and reports. 
Furthermore, CDP’s new 2022-2024 Strategic Plan aims at promoting a policy-
driven approach to prioritise high-impact interventions. For this reason, three new 
Departments, reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer, have been 
established to deal with environmental, social and governance issues: the Sector 
Strategy and Impact Department, the Policy, Evaluation and Advisory Department 
and the Communication, External Relations and Sustainability Department. 
The new sub-division “Policy and Sustainability” has been created with the 
mandate to translate CDP’s ESG strategy into specific investment and sectoral 
policies. The 2022-2024 Strategic Plan envisages the establishment of 5 
technical competence centres, which will be tasked to assess the technical 
aspects of financed projects in the following sectors: development and urban 
regeneration, natural resources, energy and environment, transport, social 
infrastructures, innovation and digitalisation. 
II. 
Providing an increasingly evolved disclosure and anticipate future reporting 
trends, during 2021, CDP reviewed the Materiality Matrix according to the double 
perspective suggested by the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD). 
In implementing the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan and in line with the stakeholders’ 
priorities, a sustainability plan is being defined with short, medium and long-term 
objectives, in line with the Goals of the 2030 Agenda. 
III. 
Integrating sustainable development principles into business by developing a new 
model to evaluate climatic and environmental risk and updating the Sustainable

--- Page 156 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 155 - 
47-41034559 
 
Development Assessment – an internal methodology to assess the ESG factors 
– for all the transactions with private and international cooperation counterparties 
that were subject to the ordinary funding assessment process. 
IV. 
Monitoring of the non-financial performance of the Group. CDP, thanks to the 
privileged role as observer of the European Platform on Sustainable Finance, has 
analysed and integrated the ESG assessments monitoring the evolution of the 
legislation and respecting the requirements of the European Taxonomy. 
The first Integrated Report of the CDP Group was published in response to the 
need to report the financial, social, environmental and governance results through 
a unitary tool, increasingly orienting the company’s work towards “integrated 
thinking”. 
V. 
Promoting a culture of sustainability, both within the CDP Group, by encouraging 
sustainable and responsible behaviour and providing training courses on 
sustainability, and externally, by providing support to communities and local 
areas. 
VI. 
Providing transparent and increasingly integrated disclosure of information and 
data on non-financial performance and promoting a distinctive positioning for the 
CDP Group in the area of sustainability. 
The dialogue with rating companies and investors is constant and increasing. In 
the two years since the start of its current monitoring, the ESG Performance Score 
(unsolicited) assigned to CDP by ISS ESG has improved, leading to better 
Absolute Rating. In 2021, CDP also managed to update the ESG rating issued by 
the Vigeo Eiris (now Moody's ESG Solutions), which resulted in a substantial 
increase in the score assigned to CDP, reporting an upgrade of the CDP Group’s 
rating from “Robust” to “Advanced”. 
CDP SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE OWNERSHIP 
The Issuer's authorised and fully paid in share capital, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, is equal to Euro 4,051,143,264.00 and is divided into 342,430,912 
ordinary shares with no par value. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the MEF 
owns 82.775 per cent. of the share capital of CDP and 15.925 per cent. is owned by 
62 banking foundations (fondazioni bancarie). The remaining 1.3010 per cent. was 
repurchased by CDP after two banking foundations exercised their withdrawal right 
related to the conversion of preferred shares. 
Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 2, of Law Decree 269 and to article 7, paragraph 2, 
of CDP's by-laws, the majority of the shares with voting rights must be owned by the 
MEF. No shareholder of CDP, other than the MEF, may hold, directly or indirectly, 
shares equal to more than 5 per cent. of the share capital. Any voting rights attached 
to the shares held in excess of such shareholding, may not be exercised, without 
prejudice to the fact that the shares for which the right to vote may not be exercised 
will in any case be included in the calculation of the quorum required to constitute the 
shareholders' meeting. Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of CDP's by-laws, shares 
may only be owned by the foundations referred to in Article 2 of Legislative Decree 
No. 153 of 17 May 1999, banks and supervised financial intermediaries, which fulfil 
the stability of assets and regular management requirements.

--- Page 157 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 156 - 
47-41034559 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the shareholders of CDP are as follows: 
Shareholders 
Share Capital 
Owned (%) 
Ministero dell'economia e delle finanze (MEF) 
82.775 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
1.611 
Compagnia di San Paolo 
1.609 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio delle Province Lombarde 
1.558 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Torino 
1.500 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Lucca 
0.852 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Trento e Rovereto  
0.512 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Cuneo 
0.746 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze 
0.601 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Perugia 
0.601 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Padova e Rovigo  
0.599 
Fondazione di Venezia 
0.417 
Fondazione Banca del Monte di Lombardia 
0.417 
Fondazione Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì 
0.431 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Genova e Imperia 
0.196 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Alessandria  
0.371 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pistoia e Pescia  
0.351 
Fondazione Agostino De Mari  
0.275 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Trieste 
0.256 
Fondazione di Piacenza e Vigevano 
0.322 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Ravenna 
0.167 
Fondazione Banco di Napoli 
0.142 
Fondazione Friuli 
0.136 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Spezia 
0.109

--- Page 158 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 157 - 
47-41034559 
 
Shareholders 
Share Capital 
Owned (%) 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Macerata 
0.100 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Bolzano 
0.112 
Fondazione Livorno 
0.050 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Gorizia 
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Modena 
0.149 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia dell'Aquila 
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Terni e Narni 
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Asti  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Imola  
0.086 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Carpi  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Biella  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Reggio Emilia - Pietro Manodori  0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Teramo  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pesaro 
0.067 
Fondazione Pescarabruzzo 
0.071 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Mirandola 
0.033 
Fondazione del Monte di Bologna e Ravenna 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Vercelli 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Viterbo 
CA.RI.VIT. 
0.033 
Fondazione Banca del Monte di Lucca 
0.013 
Fondazione Sicilia 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Calabria e di Lucania 
0.025 
Fondazione dei Monti Uniti di Foggia 
0.025 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Fabriano e Cupramontana 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo 
0.033

--- Page 159 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 158 - 
47-41034559 
 
Shareholders 
Share Capital 
Owned (%) 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Savigliano 
0.019 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Fossano 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Carrara 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Fermo 
0.027 
Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
0.034 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio e Banca del Monte di Lugo 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio Salernitana 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Spoleto 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Volterra 
0.018 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara 
0.014 
Fondazione Banca del Monte e C.R. Faenza  
0.008 
Fondazione Banca del Monte di Rovigo 
0.002 
Fondazione CARIPARMA 
0.330 
Fondazione Monteparma 
0.010 
CDP – Own shares 
1.300 
 
CDP ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Board of Directors, Managing Director and General Manager 
The shareholders' meeting held on 27 May 2021 elected a new Board of Directors for 
the 2021, 2022 and 2023 financial years, appointing as directors: Giovanni Gorno 
Tempini (Chairman), Dario Scannapieco, Livia Amidani Aliberti, Anna Girello Garbi, 
Fabrizia Lapecorella, Fabiana Massa, Matteo Melley, Alessandra Ruzzu and Giorgio 
Toschi. 
On 1st June 2021, the Board of Directors appointed Dario Scannapieco as Chief 
Executive Officer and General Manager. 
Pursuant to CDP's by-laws, the Board of Directors is composed of nine members, 
elected for a period of no more than three financial years. They may be re-elected. 
As at the date hereof, the members of the Board of Directors are:

--- Page 160 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 159 - 
47-41034559 
 
Pursuant to article 15 of CDP's by-laws, for matters relating to the Separate Account 
System (as described above), the Board of Directors consists of the members listed 
in letters (c), (d) and (f) of Article 7, paragraph 1, of Law 197 (the "Additional 
Directors"). 
As at the date hereof, the Board of Directors consists of the following Additional 
Directors: 
Pierpaolo Italia 
(Delegate of the State Accountant General)  
Alessandro Rivera 
(General Director of the Treasury) 
Paolo Calvano 
(Representing the Conference of Regions and 
Autonomous Provinces) 
Antonio Decaro 
(Representing the National Association of Italian 
Commons) 
Michele de Pascale 
(Representing the Union of Italian Provinces) 
In addition to their respective positions held within CDP, as at the date hereof, the 
Directors listed below hold the following offices outside CDP: 
Giovanni Gorno Tempini 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of CDP 
Equity S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of F.I.L.A. - 
Fabbrica Italiana Lapis ed Affini S.P.A. 
Giovanni Gorno Tempini (Chairman)  
Dario Scannapieco 
(Chief Executive Officer and General Manager)  
Livia Amidani Aliberti  
 
Anna Girello Garbi 
 
Fabrizia Lapecorella 
 
Fabiana Massa 
 
Matteo Melley 
 
Alessandra Ruzzu 
 
Giorgio Toschi

--- Page 161 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 160 - 
47-41034559 
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of CDP 
RETI S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Avio S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of TIM S.p.A. 
Dario Scannapieco 
No significant offices 
Livia Amidani Aliberti  
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
RECORDATI  
Member of the Supervisory Board, Chairman of 
the Strategy Committee, Chairman of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee of 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
Anna Girello Garbi 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Italgelatine S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ondalba S.P.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Delsanto S.p.A. 
Member of the board management of EGEA - 
Ente Gestione Energia e Ambiente S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Twin set S.p.A 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Sedamyl S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Magazzini Montello S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Giorgio Visconti S.p.A. 
Managing partner of dello Studio Girello s.s. 
Dottori 
Commercialisti 
in 
Alba, 
Partner 
Eurodefi Professional Club in Milano. 
Fabrizia Lapecorella 
General Director of the Finance Department, 
Ministry of Economy and Finance 
Deputy Chair of OCSE’s Tax Affair Committee 
and 
of 
Inclusive 
Framework 
on 
BEPS 
implementation

--- Page 162 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 161 - 
47-41034559 
 
Member of the Steering Group of the Inclusive 
Framework on BEPS implementation 
Member of the Bureau of the OCSE’s 
Committee of Fiscal Affairs (CFA)  
University Professor 
Fabiana Massa 
University Professor 
Member of the Board of Directors of Museo 
Nazionale di Matera 
Matteo Melley 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Fondazione Tender Nave Italia 
Member of ACRI Bank Committee  
Alessandra Ruzzu 
Chief External Relations & Communication 
Officer Tinexta S.p.A. 
Alessandro Rivera 
General Director of the Treasury Department, 
Ministry of Economy and Finance 
Pier Paolo Italia 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Agenzia delle Entrate 
Paolo Calvano 
Assessor 
of 
the 
Financial 
Statements, 
Personnel, 
Assets 
and 
Institutional 
Reorganisation 
of 
the 
Emilia-Romagna 
Regional Government. 
Regional Secretary of the Emilia-Romagna 
Antonio Decaro 
Chairman of Associazione Nazionale Comuni 
Italiani (ANCI) 
Mayor of the city of Bari 
Michele de Pascale 
Chairman of UPI  
Major of the city of Ravenna 
No conflict of interest exists between duties owed to the Issuer by the members of the 
Board of Directors, as listed above, and their private interests. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is at CDP's registered 
office at Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome, Italy.

--- Page 163 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 162 - 
47-41034559 
 
The Chairman of the Board of Directors is the legal representative of CDP and is 
authorised to sign on its behalf, to chair shareholders' meetings and to convene and 
chair the Board of Directors. The Vice-Chairman will substitute for the Chairman in 
case of his/her absence or inability, where appointed. The Chief Executive Officer is 
the legal representative of CDP in respect of the powers vested in him by the Board 
of Directors. 
Directors are elected through the voting list system; only the shareholders who 
represent, alone or together with other shareholders, at least 10 per cent. of shares 
with voting rights in the ordinary shareholders' meeting have the right to present a list. 
The first candidate on the list which obtains the greatest number of votes is appointed 
Chief Executive Officer, while the first candidate on the list which obtains the second 
greatest number of votes is appointed Chairman. Unless already done by the 
shareholders' meeting, the Board of Directors elects a Chairman; furthermore, the 
Board of Directors may elect a Vice-Chairman and appoints a Secretary and a Vice-
Secretary. 
The majority of the directors in office shall be present at a meeting in order for the 
Board of Directors to pass valid resolutions at such meeting, without prejudice to the 
provisions of article 30, paragraph 3, of CDP's by-laws, and for the adoption of the 
resolutions referred to in article 21, paragraph 1, letter (m) and article 21, paragraph 
2, of CDP's by-laws, which are adopted in the presence of at least seven directors 
elected by the shareholders' meeting. 
Resolutions shall be passed by the majority of the directors attending and voting in 
favour, without prejudice to the provisions of article 30, paragraph 3, of CDP's by-laws, 
and for the adoption of the resolutions referred to in article 21, paragraph 1, letter (m) 
and article 21, paragraph 2, of CDP's by-laws, which are adopted in the presence of 
at least seven directors elected by the shareholders' meeting. 
Resolutions concerning the Separate Account System shall be passed by the 
favourable vote of at least two of the Additional Directors attending the meeting. In the 
event of a tied number of votes, the vote of the Chairman of the meeting prevails. 
In addition to the matters reserved to the Board of Directors by law, the following 
matters, among others, fall within its exclusive authority: (a) the set-up of the strategic 
policies of CDP and the approval of related plans; (b) the determination of CDP's 
general organisational structure; (c) any appointment and determination of the powers 
of a General Manager and one or more Deputy General Managers and the dismissal 
of such officers, having obtained the opinion of the Chief Executive Officer; (d) the 
determination of the operative terms and conditions for implementing the guidelines 
issued by the Bank of Italy; (e) the acquisition or transfer of shareholdings; (f) the 
granting of loans in amounts exceeding Euro 500,000,000.00; (g) the borrowing of 
amounts exceeding Euro 500 million; (h) the creation of separate assets; (i) the setting 
up of administrative and representative branches and representative and executive

--- Page 164 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 163 - 
47-41034559 
 
offices, both in Italy and abroad; (j) the determination of the operative terms and 
conditions for implementing the guidelines of the Separate Account System; and (k) 
the establishment of risk objectives, of any tolerance thresholds and risk governance 
and management policies and the associated risk detection procedures, which shall 
be specified in appropriate rules. 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
The board of statutory auditors of CDP (the "Board of Statutory Auditors") is 
composed of five effective auditors and two alternate auditors. The auditors are 
appointed in compliance with Italian law and regulations by the shareholders' meeting 
for a term of three years and may be re-elected. 
As at the date hereof, the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are: 
Carlo Corradini 
(Chairman) 
Franca Brusco 
(Effective auditor) 
Giovanni Battista Lo Prejato (Effective auditor) 
Mario Romano Negri 
(Effective auditor) 
Enrica Salvatore 
(Effective auditor) 
Anna Maria Ustino 
(Alternate auditor) 
Francesco Mancini 
(Alternate auditor) 
In addition to their respective offices held at CDP, as at the date hereof, the members 
of the Board of Statutory Auditors listed below hold the following offices: 
Carlo Corradini 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banor 
Sim 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of PLT 
Energia S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Quaestio 
Capital Management SGR 
Member of the Board of Directors of YLF S.p.A. 
Sole Director of Corradini & C 
Franca Brusco 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Lazio Ambiente S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
D-Flight S.p.A.

--- Page 165 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 164 - 
47-41034559 
 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
ENAV S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Biancamano S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
CDP Industria S.p.A. 
Giovanni Battista Lo Prejato  Manager in the Finance Department, Ministry 
of Economy and Finance 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
AMCO S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Agenzia delle Entrate 
Mario Romano Negri  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Panzeri S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Istituto 
della Enciclopedia Italiana Treccani S.p.A. 
Enrica Salvatore 
Member of the Board of Directors of Sinloc 
S.p.A. 
Anna Maria Ustino  
No significant offices 
Francesco Mancini 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Hydea S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
ABS Technology S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Florence Real Estate Developments S.p.A. 
Statutory auditors are elected by the same voting list system as the one applicable to 
the election of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors shall be the 
first candidate elected from the list which obtained the greatest number of votes. 
The business addresses of the member of the Board of Statutory Auditors are 
specified below: 
Carlo Corradini 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Franca Brusco 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome

--- Page 166 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 165 - 
47-41034559 
 
Giovanni Battista Lo Prejato Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Mario Romano Negri  
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Enrica Salvatore 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Anna Maria Ustino  
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Francesco Mancini 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome  
Court of Accounts' supervision 
Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 17, of Law Decree 269, CDP is supervised by the 
Italian Court of Accounts (Corte dei Conti) in accordance with Article 12 of Law No. 
259 of 21 March 1958. The supervision is exercised by one of the Court of Accounts' 
members, appointed by the Court's President, who is entitled to attend the meetings 
of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Statutory Auditors. The member of the 
Court of Accounts in office from 1 January 2021 for CDP's supervision is Carlo Alberto 
Manfredi Selvaggi, while Luigi Caso is the alternate member. 
Auditing Firm  
Upon proposal of the Board of Directors and having consulted with the Board of 
Statutory Auditors, an auditing firm was appointed for a period of nine years during the 
shareholders' meeting of 19 March 2019 with effect from 21 May 2020. 
The auditing firm appointed by CDP is Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., with registered offices 
at Via Tortona 25, Milan, Italy, whose term of office will expire upon approval of the 
financial statements for the year 2028. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is a company enrolled with the Register of Certified Auditors 
(Registro dei Revisori Legali) held by the MEF. 
Committee of Minority Shareholders  
Pursuant to article 22 of CDP's by-laws, the committee of minority shareholders of 
CDP (the "Committee of Minority Shareholders") is composed of nine members 
appointed by the minority shareholders. The committee shall be appointed with the 
quorums to convene and to deliberate as provided by the regulations applicable to the 
ordinary shareholders' meeting and its term shall end on the date of the shareholders' 
meeting convened to appoint the Board of Directors. The Committee of Minority 
Shareholders appoints a chairman who has the power to convene the meetings, to set 
the agenda and to chair the meetings. The chairman receives in advance from CDP 
analytical reports on the (i) level of financial liquidity, (ii) lending commitments, (iii) 
shareholdings and participations, (iv) current and prospective investments, (v) most

--- Page 167 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 166 - 
47-41034559 
 
relevant business transactions entered into by CDP, (vi) updated accounting 
information, (vii) the auditing company's reports and the internal auditing reports 
relating to the organisation and to the functioning of CDP and (viii) minutes of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The chairman may request additional information from the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors, from the Chief Executive Officer, from the General Manager, where 
appointed, or from the Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors. The minutes of 
the Committee of Minority Shareholders are notified to the Board of Directors and the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. The members of the committee are subject to a duty of 
confidentiality with respect to the information on business activities provided by CDP. 
As at the date hereof, the members of the Committee of Minority Shareholders are the 
following: 
Giovanni Quaglia  
(Chairman) 
Konrad Bergmeister 
 
Marcello Bertocchini 
 
Michele Bugliesi 
 
Giovanni Fosti 
 
Paolo Cavicchioli 
 
Cristina Colaiacovo 
 
Giuseppe Toffoli 
 
Parliamentary Supervisory Committee  
The Parliamentary Supervisory Committee of CDP (the "Parliamentary Supervisory 
Committee") is composed of four members of the Italian Senate (Senato della 
Repubblica), four members of the Italian Chamber of Deputies (Camera dei Deputati), 
three judges of the Council of State (Consiglio di Stato), and one judge of the Court of 
Auditors (Corte dei conti). Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 9 of Law Decree 269 and 
Royal Decree No. 453, the Parliamentary Supervisory Committee supervises the 
Separate Account System of CDP. 
Therefore, the members of the Parliamentary Supervisory Committee for the current 
Legislature (the 18th Legislature) are the following: 
Sestino Giacomoni 
President – Chamber of Deputies

--- Page 168 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 167 - 
47-41034559 
 
Nunzio Angiola 
Vice President – Chamber of 
Deputies 
Alberto Bagnai 
Senate 
Roberta Ferrero 
Senate 
Cristiano Zuliani 
Senate 
Vincenzo Presutto 
Senate 
Raffaele Trano 
Chamber of Deputies 
Gian Pietro Dal Moro 
Chamber of Deputies 
Luca Cestaro 
Regional Administrative Court 
Carlo Dell’Olio 
Regional Administrative Court 
Luigi Massimiliano Tarantino 
Council of State – Secretary for 
confidential affairs 
Mauro Orefice 
Court of Auditors 
Parliamentary Supervisory Committee pursuant to Article 56 of Law No. 88 of 9 
March 1989 ("Law 88")  
Article 1, paragraph 253, of the Stability Law 2014 has conferred to the Parliamentary 
Supervisory Committee for the "oversight of entities managing mandatory pension and 
welfare services" – established by Law 88 – the specific task of supervising the 
Separate Account System of CDP, with respect to the financial operations and the 
operations supporting the public sector achieved in the pension and welfare field. 
Supervisory Board pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001 
("Decree 231") 
CDP established a supervisory board in compliance with Decree 231 for the purpose 
of monitoring the risks of potential criminal and administrative liabilities (the 
"Supervisory Board"). Decree 231 established the criminal and administrative liability 
of a corporation in the event that senior managers, subordinates or individuals acting 
on behalf of CDP and in its name violate criminal provisions in the interest and for the 
benefit of the corporation. For the purpose of avoiding and reducing the risk of such 
liability, Decree 231 requires corporations to adopt an organisational model in order to 
monitor business activities and internal procedures in order to prevent any kind of 
violation. 
Pursuant to Article 6, paragraph 4-bis, of Decree 231 and in accordance with the Bank 
of Italy regulations in force, the meeting of the Board of Directors, held on 25 January

--- Page 169 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 168 - 
47-41034559 
 
2017, resolved to transfer all the functions and duties of the previously appointed 
Supervisory Board to the Board of Statutory Auditors, with effect from 27 February 
2017. 
The activity of the Board of Statutory Auditors acting as Supervisory Board is 
supported by the Chief Audit Officer structure of CDP (See "Internal Controls" below). 
Board committees  
The following are brief descriptions of the board committees of CDP which have been 
set up for the specific purpose of providing support to CDP's management in either an 
advisory capacity or by making proposals for the consideration of the entire Board of 
Directors. Such committees are: (i) the Risk and Sustainability Committee; (ii) the 
Related Parties Committee; (iii) the Compensation Committee; and (iv) the 
Appointments Committee. 
Risk and Sustainability Committee 
The Risk and Sustainability Committee is established, pursuant to article 21, 
paragraph 2, of CDP's by-laws, by the Board of Directors and is chaired by chaired by 
a Director drawn from the list coming second in terms of number of votes or in any 
case designated by the non-controlling shareholders, which shall have responsibility 
for control and the development of policy recommendations in the field of risk 
management and for the assessment of the adoption of new products, determining its 
specific duties, operating procedures, objectives, responsibilities and members in 
appropriate rules (the Risk and Sustainability Committee Rules). In addition, the Risk 
and Sustainability Committee shall be composed by at least two and up to a maximum 
of three members of the Board of Directors elected by the shareholders' meeting. The 
Risk and Sustainability Committee has responsibility over the control and development 
of policy recommendations in the field of risk management and for the evaluation of 
new investment products, and over the support function with respect to sustainability 
strategy, policies and reporting. The Chief Risk Officer and the Chief Audit Officer of 
CDP attend the Committee's meetings. 
As at the date hereof, the Risk and Sustainability Committee is composed of the 
following members: Matteo Melley (Chairman), Fabrizia Lapecorella, Fabiana Massa 
and Anna Girello Garbi. 
Related Party Committee 
The Related Party Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors and is composed 
of three non-executive directors. The committee's role is to analyse related party 
transactions and to produce a preliminary report thereon, setting out whether it is in 
CDP's interest to carry out such transaction, how CDP will benefit from the same, and 
evaluating whether the conditions applicable to the transaction are substantially and 
procedurally correct.

--- Page 170 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 169 - 
47-41034559 
 
As at the date hereof, the Related Party Committee is composed of the following 
members: Fabiana Massa (Chairman), Livia Amidani Aliberti and Alessandra Ruzzu. 
Compensation Committee 
The Compensation Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors and is composed 
of three non-executive directors. The committee is tasked with assisting in the 
evaluation of the compensation of the Chairman, the Chief Executing Officer and the 
General Manager and, where possible, of the other administrative bodies of the 
company required by law or by virtue of CDP's by-laws, including those established 
by the Board of Directors (i.e. the committees). The proposals made by the 
Compensation Committee are submitted for the approval of the Board of Directors, 
upon prior opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
As at the date hereof, the Compensation Committee is composed of the following 
members: Fabrizia Lapecorella (Chairman), Giorgio Toschi and Alessandra Ruzzu. 
Appointments Committee  
The Appointments Committee Supports the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of 
Directors in the appointment process of members of corporate bodies of the 
subsidiaries.  
As at the date hereof, the Appointments Committee is composed of the following 
members: Giovanni Gorno Tempini (Chairman), Dario Scannapieco and Alessandro 
Rivera. 
Internal controls, risk management and compliance 
CDP has developed an internal control system consisting of a set of rules, procedures, 
and organizational structures designed to identify, measure or assess, monitor, 
prevent or mitigate, and – where necessary – communicate to all appropriate levels, 
the risks assumed or that may be assumed in the various segments, as well as to 
ensure compliance with the applicable regulations, in accordance with its corporate 
strategies and the achievement of targets set by company management. 
In particular, CDP has implemented the internal control system according to the Three 
Lines Model. The so called "first level controls" (line controls) are carried out by 
business and administrative departments and, where possible, are correlated by IT 
procedures. These controls are built into organizational procedures and are designed 
to ensure that operations are carried out correctly. 
The so called "second level controls" (risk management and compliance controls) are 
carried out by dedicated and independent departments that are not in charge of front 
office activities, i.e. the risk management function, the compliance function and the 
anti-money laundering function. According to the relevant regulations and best 
practices, these independent, separate and permanent second level functions are 
both under the direction of the Head of Risk department. 
The risk management controls are designed, inter alia, to establish risk measurement 
methodologies and to verify that the operational limits set for the different areas are

--- Page 171 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 170 - 
47-41034559 
 
respected, as well as to ensure coherence between the risks taken by the business 
departments and the risk policy approved by the Board of Directors. 
The Risk Committees are: (i) the Board of Directors’ Risk & Sustainability Committee 
which comprises members of the Board of Directors and supports the Board of 
Directors regarding risks, internal control system and sustainability; (ii) the Risk 
Governance Committee (both at internal and group level) supporting the Chief 
Executive Officer or other decision-making bodies, which has responsibilities for 
controlling and formulating proposals concerning governance risk management 
matters (for example risk policy and Risk Appetite Framework) and the adoption of 
new products; and (iii) the Risk Evaluation Committee (both at internal and group 
level), which is responsible for risk evaluation of credit, equity, real estate, and other 
activities. 
Compliance controls are carried out by the CDP compliance function. The CDP 
compliance function ensures, on a risk-based approach, the compliance risk 
management, which can be defined as the risk of legal or administrative sanctions, 
financial loss, or reputational risk a company may suffer as a result of its failure to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations or self-regulatory arrangements (i.e. 
codes of conduct, codes of ethics, internal procedures). 
The primary duties of the compliance function include: 
 
identifying, on an ongoing basis, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to 
CDP and assessing the related impact on the internal processes and procedures, 
and more generally, within the whole organisation; 
 
identifying the appropriate internal procedures in order to manage the 
compliance risk and verifying its effectiveness and adequacy; 
 
making proposals related to organisational and procedural changes in order to 
ensure that compliance risks identified are managed appropriately; 
 
appropriately and periodically reporting to the involved governing bodies and 
corporate structures; 
 
verifying the effectiveness and adequacy of the organisational measures 
suggested to manage compliance risk; and 
 
coordinating the compliance functions of the companies subject to the 
management and coordination activity (direzione e coordinamento) by CDP, in 
order to guarantee an integrated management of the risk of non-compliance 
within the CDP Group. 
The compliance function, on an ongoing basis, prevents reputational risk of the 
business activities in order to ensure the protection of the CDP Group's reputation 
according to the risk appetite framework established by the Board of Directors. 
Furthermore, pursuant to Italian Decree No. 231 of 21 November 2007 ("Decree 
231/2007") and the measures issued by the Bank of Italy and the Financial Intelligence 
Unit, CDP appointed the head of the Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering 
Department (“AML”) as the company's representative concerning anti-money

--- Page 172 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 171 - 
47-41034559 
 
laundering compliance and reporting of suspicious transactions. As a result, the 
Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering Department includes a separate anti-money 
laundering function. Such function carries out additional controls in order to verify the 
adequacy and efficacy of the procedures relating to customer due diligence, data 
retention and reporting of suspicious transactions, also in compliance with the Group 
AML Policy. 
Finally, the so called "third level controls" are performed by the Internal Audit 
department, a permanent, independent and objective function, under the direction of 
an independent Head of the Internal Audit department, that reports hierarchically to 
the Board of Directors, through its Chairman. The Board of Directors, as a strategic 
supervisory body, gives authority to the Internal Audit department, while guaranteeing 
its independence. Furthermore, the necessary link between the Internal Audit 
department, the body responsible for the management function and the management 
is guaranteed. 
Internal Audit, Risk Management and Compliance/AML functions cooperate to share 
the different perspectives on risks and controls in order to provide the Corporate 
Bodies with a single representation of the overall level of risk, coordinate annual 
activity plans and exchange information on critical issues, inefficiencies, weaknesses 
or irregularities identified in their respective control activities. Cooperation between 
these functions is intended to develop synergies and avoid overlaps, while ensuring 
adequate coverage of control objectives. 
The Internal Audit department, through professional and systematic supervision, 
pursues the continuous improvement of the effectiveness and efficiency of 
governance, risk management and control processes of CDP and Group subsidiaries 
subject to management and coordination. Specifically, the Internal Audit department 
provides an independent and objective evaluation of the completeness, adequacy, 
functionality and reliability of the organizational structure and of the overall internal 
control system, and it assesses the regular functioning of processes, the safeguard of 
assets, the reliability and integrity of accounting and operational information as well as 
compliance with internal and external regulations and management guidelines. 
For the execution of its activities, annually the Internal Audit department prepares, and 
presents to the Board of Directors an audit plan for its approval. The Audit Plan is 
consistent with the reference regulation, the risks associated with the activities run for 
the achievement of the company goals, as well as the guidelines provided by top 
management and corporate bodies. It sets out the activities to be carried out and the 
objectives to be pursued. 
On a quarterly basis, the Internal Audit department reports to the Board of Directors, 
the Board of Statutory Auditors and the Board of Directors’ Risk & Sustainability 
Committee on the activities carried out, the main issues detected and the progress 
made on the corrective actions taken for CDP and Group subsidiaries subject to 
management and coordination. Annually, it also presents its assessment of the overall 
internal control system. The issues identified during each audit engagement are 
immediately reported to the relevant company units so that they can implement 
corrective actions.

--- Page 173 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 172 - 
47-41034559 
 
The audit activities of the subsidiaries subject to management and coordination are 
carried out in close coordination with CDP, which in many cases also acts as an 
outsourcer on the basis of specific service agreements. The Internal Audit department 
also assists the Supervisory Body established pursuant to Decree No. 231/2001 in 
carrying out its work. 
Furthermore, the Internal Audit department may provide advisory services to other 
corporate functions in order to create added value and to improve the risk 
management and the organization’s performance, without taking management 
responsibilities so as to avoid any situation that could potentially influence its 
independence and objectivity. 
The anti-money laundering and terrorist financing controls and the internal capital 
adequacy assessment process are examined by Internal Audit department. 
EMPLOYEES 
As at the date hereof, CDP has 1,114 employees. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
As of the date hereof, CDP’s internal organisation is structured as follows.  
The following structures report to the Board of Directors: Chief Executive Officer & 
General Manager; Internal Audit. 
The following organisational structures report to the Chief Executive Officer & General 
Manager: Business; Legal, Corporate & Regulatory Affairs; Communications, External 
Relations & Sustainability; Administration, Finance & Control; People & Organization; 
Innovation, Transformation & Operation; Risk; Policy, Valuation & Advisory; European 
& International Affairs; Real Estate; Investments; Sectorial Strategies & Impact. 
Internal Audit is in charge of managing the following scope of business: audit 
execution, group audit coordination, audit methodologies, Supervisory Body support. 
Business is in charge of managing financial support to: infrastructure operators, 
national and local public entities, Italian enterprises at both national and international 
level, developing countries and emerging markets. 
Legal, Corporate & Regulatory Affairs is in charge of managing the following scope of 
business: legal support on financing activities; legal support on markets and equity 
investments; group governance & litigations; corporate and regulatory affairs. 
Communications, External Relations & Sustainability is in charge of managing the 
following scope of business: marketing & communications; media relations; 
institutional & territorial relations; sustainability & civil society. 
Administration, Finance & Control is in charge of managing the following scope of 
business: administration; financial statement; regulatory reporting; finance and 
funding; tax; planning and control; investor relations.

--- Page 174 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 173 - 
47-41034559 
 
People & Organization is in charge of managing the following scope of business: 
human resources and organization. 
Innovation, Transformation & Operations is in charge of managing the following scope 
of business: procurement; ICT; logistics; back office; security. 
Risk is in charge of managing the following scope of business: compliance; anti-money 
laundering; risk operations; risk management; risk governance. 
Policy, Valuation & Advisory is in charge of setting ESG policies, providing advisory, 
valuation and monitoring of CDP initiatives. 
European & International Affairs is in charge of managing European and international 
affairs. 
Real Estate is in charge of managing real estate business initiatives. 
Investments is in charge of managing the following scope of business: mergers and 
acquisitions in equity investments, funds and venture capital. 
Sectorial Strategies & Impact is in charge of managing strategic analysis on markets 
and sectors trends, monitoring ex-post the impact generated by CDP business lines. 
In managing business activities and priorities, as well as significant Corporate and 
Group strategic projects, the Chief Executive Officer & General Manager is supported 
by the Organizational Unit CEO Staff. 
Accordingly, the organisational structure of CDP is set out in the chart below.

--- Page 175 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 174 - 
47-41034559 
 
 
 
 
CEO & General 
Manager 
Chairman 
Board of Directors 
Communications, 
External Relations 
& Sustainability 
Administration, 
Finance & Control 
Innovation, 
Transformation & 
Operations 
Business 
European & 
International 
Affairs 
Investments 
Internal Audit 
Real Estate 
Risk 
CEO Staff 
Legal, Corporate 
& Regulatory 
Affairs 
People & 
Organization 
Sectorial 
Strategies & 
Impact 
Policy, Valuation 
& Advisory

--- Page 176 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 175 - 
47-41034559 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
CDP complies with Italian laws and regulations regarding corporate governance. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts during the years 2021 and 2020 
outside of its ordinary course of business that have been or may reasonably be 
expected to be material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders.  
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
Completion of the purchase of the 88.06% of Autostrade per l’Italia 
On 5 May 2022 the acquisition of the 88.06% shareholding of Autostrade per l'Italia 
held by Atlantia was completed by Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A., an investment 
vehicle incorporated in Italy and owned by CDP Equity (51%), Blackstone 
Infrastructure Partners (24.5%) and funds managed by Macquarie Asset Management 
(24.5%). 
Moody’s confirms ratings on CDP, outlook stable 
On 20 April 2022, Moody’s affirmed its long-term and short-term unsolicited ratings 
respectively at Baa3 and P3. The Outlook is confirmed stable. At the same time, 
Moody's has withdrawn outlooks on the rated senior unsecured instruments of the 
company as Moody's will no longer assign instrument level outlooks for financial 
entities, such as CDP, other than those rated under the ‘Banks Methodology’. CDP 
will continue to be rated according to the ‘Government-Related Issuers Methodology’. 
Reorganisation of the SACE Group 
On 21 March 2022, the reorganisation of the SACE Group has occurred through the 
settlement of the due considerations and the transfer of share certificates. As a result 
of the transaction, CDP directly holds the 76,005 per cent. of SIMEST’s share capital, 
and the MEF directly holds 100 per cent. of SACE’s share capital. For further 
information see paragraph “Termination of CDP's management and coordination over 
SACE and reorganisation of the SACE Group” above. 
Fitch affirms ratings on CDP, outlook stable 
On 4 March 2022, Fitch Ratings affirmed CDP’s long-term and short-term ratings, 
respectively BBB and F2. The Outlook is confirmed stable. Both ratings and outlook 
are equalized to those of the Republic of Italy.

--- Page 177 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 176 - 
47-41034559 
 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
Legal disputes of the Issuer 
Currently, CDP is a party in civil and administrative proceedings and legal actions 
connected with the normal course of its operations. 
As at 31 December 2021, CDP was subject to 113 civil and administrative legal 
proceedings (of which 19 related to employment disputes). Excluding the 
aforementioned employment disputes, the total value of the claims was approximately 
Euro 214.4 million and, accordingly, CDP has set aside a prudential reserve of Euro 
54.7 million which it considers adequate to cover risks related to the possible negative 
outcomes of such proceedings.  
As far as employment disputes are concerned, as at 31 December 2021, the total 
estimated liability was approximately Euro 4 million and the appropriate reserves was 
Euro 4 million. 
Legal disputes concerning some CDP's subsidiaries 
For information relating to legal disputes as at 31 December 2021, please see “2021 
Consolidated financial statements - Part E - Information on risks and related hedging 
policies” on pages 507-568 of the latest approved audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Issuer which are incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporation by Reference” above). 
With specific regards to the Companies of the CDP Group subject to management and 
coordination please note as follow.   
CDP Immobiliare 
As at 31 December 2021, CDP Immobiliare was involved in 46 civil and administrative 
disputes. 42 claims directly involved CDP Immobiliare and 4 involved its subsidiaries. 
The disputes mainly concern the management of the real estate assets of CDP 
Immobiliare and its subsidiaries. Such disputes are, inter alia, related to: (i) the release 
of illegally occupied buildings; (ii) eviction or finished lease proceedings; (iii) the 
ascertainment of property or rights; (iv) the deeds of sale of real estate assets; (v) 
compensation for pecuniary damage for contractual and/or pre-contractual liability; 
and (vi) the collection of unpaid receivables. Finally, there are also administrative 
disputes aimed at voiding acts and measures of the public administration, and some 
criminal proceedings. 
The estimated total potential liability amounts to approximately Euro 40 million. 
Accordingly, CDP Immobiliare has set aside a prudential reserve of Euro 6.1 million to 
cover risks related to the possible or probable negative outcomes of these 
proceedings, and Euro 1.3 million as debt; while the subsidiaries have set aside a 
prudential reserve of Euro 0.2 million. This reserve refers to the proceedings of CDP 
Immobiliare and its subsidiaries, except for tax and labour proceedings.  
As at 31 December 2021, there was a downward trend in terms of the number of legal 
proceedings, which was mostly related to the issuance of final decisions, the

--- Page 178 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 177 - 
47-41034559 
 
transactions and the management of real estate assets (e.g. the release of illegally 
occupied buildings, purchase and sale agreements and other commercial 
transactions, debt recovery and environmental and administrative procedures). 
Furthermore, as at 31 December 2021, CDP Immobiliare was involved in 13 tax 
disputes, and 4 labour law disputes. In relation to these proceedings, CDP Immobiliare 
has set aside a prudential reserve of Euro 2.2 million.  
CDP Immobiliare SGR S.p.A. 
As at 31 December 2021, CDP Immobiliare SGR S.p.A. (CDPI Sgr) was party to a 
limited number of civil and administrative disputes concerning the management of real 
estate assets, mostly passive. No significant liabilities have been estimated and 
accordingly no prudential reserve has been set aside given the expectation that 
positive outcome of such proceedings is reasonably likely. 
Among the above-mentioned cases, the following claims may potentially impact the 
operations of CDPI SGR: 
(i) 
the claim filed by the Municipality of Tropea before the Regional Administrative 
Court of Lazio, in order to cancel the Ministry of Treasury authorisation to sell 
the property called "ex Palazzo Giffoni", as well as any prior or subsequent act, 
related, consequential and detrimental to the interests of the plaintiff 
municipality (including the deed of sale of the asset). The Court sentenced in 
favour of CDPI Sgr and the Municipality of Tropea appealed against the 
decision. On the 6th of May 2021 the case was discussed before the Appeal 
Court which stated in favour of CDPI Sgr on 2 July 2021;  
(ii) 
the case filed before the Regional Administrative Court of Lombardy (TAR 
Lombardia) by Pessina Costruzioni S.p.A. against the exclusion, operated by 
CDPI Sgr, from participating in a tender procedure concerning works to be 
made on the estate of the so called “ex Ospedali Riuniti di Bergamo” (contract 
value of about 52 million euro), and also against any connected and 
consequential provisions decided by CDPI Sgr, Pessina Costruzioni S.p.A. also 
claimed compensation for the damage allegedly suffered due to CDPI Sgr’s 
decisions. More in detail, Pessina claimed that the exclusion had been 
unlawfully operated by CDPI Sgr by violating the administrative tender 
procedure set forth by Italian law ruling public administration contracts. 
Tar Lombardia stated the jurisdiction of the Civil Court on the case pronouncing 
the administrative tender procedure as not applicable.  
So Pessina appealed this decision before the Consiglio di Stato Court, which 
pronounced the case to be decided by TAR Lombardia instead, meaning that 
CDPI Sgr as a public entity is due to apply administrative laws and 
consequently is submitted to the jurisdiction of Administrative Courts and not of 
the Civil ones.  
As a consequence, (i) Pessina filed the claim before the TAR Lombardia asking 
to re-consider the previous statement about jurisdiction and to decide about the 
case, (ii) CDPI Sgr opposed the Consiglio di Stato Court decision before the

--- Page 179 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 178 - 
47-41034559 
 
Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), which decided in favour of CDPI 
Sgr on the 18 January 2022; 
(iii) 
the claim filed by Italia Nostra Onlus before the Regional Administrative Court 
of Veneto – Venice (TAR Veneto) opposing the Ministry for Cultural Heritage 
authorization to CDPI Sgr to demolish five buildings insisting on the estate “Ex 
Ospedale a mare” in Venice, by alleging a violation of the relevant instructions 
imposed by the Ministry. Moreover Italia Nostra Onlus requested the Court to 
pronounce the purchase of the estate by CDPI Sgr as null and void and to 
suspend the demolition authorization effects until the case will be decided. The 
TAR Veneto rejected the request of suspension and set the hearing to discuss 
the case on the 23 June 2022. 
Fintecna 
As at 31 December 2021, Fintecna was monitoring and managing the legal strategies 
concerning disputes related to a number of corporate transactions. These monitoring 
activities included specific targeted assessments of the key threats posed by each 
dispute. 
In particular, Fintecna is party in civil litigations inherited from its legal predecessors in 
legal proceedings filed by former employees (or their heirs) who have in the past been 
exposed to asbestos and claim damages due to illnesses allegedly caused by unsafe 
conditions in the workplace. Currently, with reference to these disputes, the number 
of pending litigations has slighty decreased compared to that of last year . 
Nevertheless, the amount of compensation requested is increasing. The key aim of 
streamlining and settling the bulk of the claims has been achieved by settling cases 
that matched certain financial and legal conditions. The results achieved are cost-
effective, especially if compared with the potential losses for the company in the event 
of adverse judicial outcomes. The differences between reported illnesses and case 
law decided by different courts was taken into account. The cost of these settlements 
was fully covered by the risk provisions for litigation. 
With respect to the number of civil, administrative and tax disputes, the number of new 
lawsuits served in 2021 was limited and the number of pending cases was slightly 
reduced. In any case, proceedings are inevitably affected by the timing and complexity 
of the Italian proceedings system. 
In view of the uncertainty of the outcomes of pending litigations, and also due to the 
different orientations of the Italian courts, claims against the company are covered by 
the allocation of appropriate funding to the litigation risk provision.

--- Page 180 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 179 - 
47-41034559 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO CDP 
The following tables set out in overview form balance sheet and income statement 
information relating to CDP. Such information is derived from the audited non-
consolidated annual financial statements of CDP at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020. Such financial statements together with the reports of the auditors 
and the certification of the manager responsible for preparing the corporate financial 
reports, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The financial 
information presented below should be read in conjunction with such financial 
statements and reports. 
On 31 March 2022, the Board of Directors of CDP approved the separate financial 
statements of CDP for the financial year ended on 31 December 2021. 
Assets - Euros 
Year ended  
31 December 2021 
Year ended  
31 December 2020 (1) 
Loans to banks 
37,801,217,320 
38,935,461,220 
Loans to customers 
320,301,437,051 
318,655,531,384 
Equity investments 
33,232,823,594(2) 
31,892,214,338 
Total assets 
412,959,426,882 
410,346,164,066 
 
Liabilities and equity - 
Euros 
Year ended  
31 December 2021 
Year ended  
31 December 2020  
Due to banks 
34,913,216,675 
45,259,543,320 
Due to customers 
325,974,035,731 
312,007,319,904 
Securities issued 
21,671,548,822 
21,552,693,732 
Equity 
25,309,074,433 
25,497,456,733 
 
Income statement - Euros 
Year ended  
31 December 2021 
Year ended  
31 December 2020 (1) 
Net interest income 
2,841,090,517 
3,154,568,153 
Net commission income 
(expense) 
(956,683,278) 
(999,133,608) 
Gross income 
3,738,439,845 
3,950,549,200 
Financial income 
(expense), net 
3,704,521,736 
3,799,256,885 
Operating costs 
(202,778,686) 
(271,667,969) 
Income (loss) before tax 
from continuing 
operations 
3,152,954,868 
3,527,540,484 
Income (loss) for the 
period 
2,367,381,153 
2,774,522,485 
 
(1) The data referring to 31 December 2020 have been restated. 
(2) The amount includes the investment in SACE S.p.A., which is classified as at 31 December 2021 
under Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale.

--- Page 181 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 180 - 
47-41034559 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO CDP GROUP 
The following tables set out in overview form balance sheet and income statement 
information relating to CDP Group. Such information is derived from the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of CDP Group at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020. Such financial statements together with the reports of the auditors 
and the certification of the manager responsible for preparing the corporate financial 
reports, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The financial 
information presented below should be read in conjunction with such financial 
statements and reports. 
On 31 March 2022, the Board of Directors of CDP approved the consolidated financial 
statements of the CDP Group for the financial period ended on 31 December 2021. 
Assets - thousands of 
Euros 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 (1) 
Loans to banks 
39,777,904 
42,523,856 
Loans to customers 
321,053,283 
355,201,272 
Equity investments 
20,830,618 
15,834,385 
Total assets 
517,094,240 
512,405,230 
 
Liabilities - thousands of 
Euros 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
Year ended 31 December 
2020 (1) 
Due to banks 
49,726,217 
62,303,272 
Due to customers 
321,700,769 
311,387,932 
Securities issued 
44,031,148 
43,382,741 
Group’s Equity 
21,162,552 
20,436,207 
 
(1) The data referring to 31 December 2020 have been restated.

--- Page 182 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 181 - 
47-41034559 
 
thousands of Euros 
Year ended  
31 December 2021 
Year ended  
31 December 2020 (1) 
Net interest income 
2,582,606 
2,875,728 
Net commission income 
(expense) 
(950,388) 
(1.004,300) 
Gross income 
2,267,190 
2,430,456 
Financial 
income 
(expense), net 
2,212,828 
2,267,852 
Net income from financial 
and insurance operations 
2,212,828 
2,267,852 
Operating costs 
2,945,885 
2,525,919 
Income (loss) before tax 
from continuing operations 
7,844,635 
2,692,817 
Income (loss) after tax on 
continuing operations 
6,493,867 
1,202,722 
Net income (loss) for the 
year 
5,323,665 
1,164,689 
Net income (loss) for the 
year 
pertaining 
to 
shareholders of the Parent 
Company 
2,979,549 
(368,708) 
 
(1) The data referring to 31 December 2020 have been restated.

--- Page 183 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 182 - 
47-41034559 
 
TAXATION 
Italian taxation 
The following is a general overview of current Italian law and practice relating to certain 
Italian tax considerations concerning the purchase, ownership and disposition of the 
Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations that may 
be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of prospective 
beneficial owners of Notes, some of which may be subject to special rules. The 
following overview does not discuss in details the treatment of Notes that are held in 
connection with a permanent establishment or fixed base through which a non-Italian 
resident beneficial owner carries on business or performs professional services in Italy. 
This overview is based upon tax laws in force in Italy in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, which may be subject to any changes in law occurring after such 
date potentially with retroactive effect. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult 
their tax advisers as to the consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of 
the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially 
relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in 
particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. This paragraph does not 
intend and cannot be construed as a tax advice to prospective purchaser of the Notes. 
Italian Tax treatment of the Notes 
Italian Legislative Decree no. 239 of 1 April, 1996 ("Decree No. 239") regulates the 
tax treatment of interest, premiums and other income (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred 
to as "Interest") deriving from notes falling within the category of bonds ("obbligazioni") 
and securities similar to bonds (pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 
of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented ("Decree No. 917")) issued, 
inter alia, by public entities transformed in limited companies, pursuant to specific law 
provisions. 
For these purposes, securities similar to bonds ("titoli similari alle obbligazioni") are 
defined as securities that: (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to 
pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the 
payment of periodic interest; and that (ii) do not give any right to directly or indirectly 
participate in the management of the issuer or of the business in connection to which 
the securities were issued, nor any type of control on the management. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest relating to Notes are subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or 
when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes) if the 
Noteholder is: 
(i) 
an individual resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, holding the Notes 
otherwise than in connection with entrepreneurial activities; or

--- Page 184 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 183 - 
47-41034559 
 
(ii) 
an Italian resident partnership (other than società in nome collettivo, società in 
accomandita semplice or similar partnerships), or a de facto partnership not 
carrying out commercial activities and professional associations; or 
(iii) 
an Italian resident public and private entities other than companies, trusts not 
carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and 
public and territorial entities; or 
(iv) 
an Italian resident entities exempt from Italian corporate income tax. 
All the above categories are usually referred as "net recipients" unless the Noteholders 
referred to under (i), (ii) and (iii) above have entrusted the management of their 
financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for 
the so called "regime del risparmio gestito" (the Risparmio Gestito regime) according 
to Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 as amended 
("Decree No. 461"). 
In the event that the Italian resident Noteholders mentioned above hold the Notes in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity (attività d'impresa), the imposta sostitutiva 
applies as a provisional tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's 
Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the 
imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes must be included in the relevant Noteholder's annual 
corporate taxable income (and in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of 
the Noteholders, also in the net value of production for purposes of regional tax on 
productive activities ("IRAP")) if the Noteholder is an Italian resident corporation or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign corporation to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest if the Notes are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100-114 of Law No. 232 
of 11 December 2016 (as further amended and applicable from time to time, "Law No. 
232"), in Article 1, paragraphs 210-215 of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 as 
implemented by Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019 (as further amended and 
applicable from time to time, "Law. No. 145") and, for the long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 
2020, in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 (as further amended 
and applicable from time to time, "Law Decree No. 124"). Pursuant to Article 1, 
paragraphs 219-225-bis of Law no. 178 of 30 December 2020 ("Law No. 178"), it is 
further provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual 
savings account established from 1 January 2021 and compliant with Article 13-bis, 
paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding 
to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain 
qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, 
provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of

--- Page 185 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 184 - 
47-41034559 
 
the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative 
differences against future capital gains). 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the imposta sostitutiva is levied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare ("SIM"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del 
risparmio ("SGR") stockbrokers and other entities identified by the Ministry of Finance 
(each, an "Intermediary"). An Intermediary must (a) (i) be resident in Italy, (ii) be a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (iii) 
be an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the 
Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes 
of Decree No. 239, and (b) participate, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the 
transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a 
transfer of notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a 
change of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is 
applied and withheld by the relevant Italian financial intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary) paying the 
Interest to a Noteholder, or, in its absence, by the Issuer. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva 
if made to beneficial owners who are: 
(i) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of non-
resident corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; 
(ii) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities ("società in 
nome collettivo" or "società in accomandita semplice"); 
(iii) 
Italian resident investors holding Notes otherwise than in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial 
assets, including the Notes to an authorised financial intermediary and have 
opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime.The Italian resident investors who have 
opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime are subject to an annual substitutive 
tax of 26 per cent. (the "Asset Management Tax") on the increase in value of 
the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would 
include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset Management Tax is applied 
by authorised Intermediaries; 
(iv) 
Italian resident pension funds referred to in Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 
December 2005 ("Decree No. 252"). Italian resident pension funds subject to 
the regime provided by Article 17, of Decree No. 252 are subject to an annual 
substitutive tax of 20 per cent. (the "Pension Fund Tax") on the increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which would 
include Interest accrued on the Notes, if any). Subject to certain conditions, 
Interest in respect of the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 
Pension Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of 
Law No. 232, in Article 1, paragraphs 210 - 215 of Law No. 145 and, for the

--- Page 186 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 185 - 
47-41034559 
 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 
124, as applicable from time to time; 
(v) 
Italian open ended or closed ended investment funds, investment companies 
with fixed capital ("SICAFs") or investment companies with variable capital 
("SICAVs") established in Italy (together, the "Funds") when either (i) the Fund 
or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the 
relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary. In such case, Interest 
accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The 
Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results, but a withholding tax of 26 
per cent. may apply on income of the Fund derived by unitholders or 
shareholders through distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units 
and shares; 
(vi) 
Italian resident real estate investment funds (complying with the definition as 
amended pursuant to Law Decree No. 78 of 31 may 2010, converted into Law 
No. 122 of 30 July 2010) established after 26 September 2001 pursuant to 
Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 
January 1994, or in any case subject to the tax treatment provided for by Law 
Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into law with amendments 
by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree No. 351") and Italian resident 
real estate SICAFs to which the provisions of Article 9 of Legislative Decree 
No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply (hereinafter the "Real Estate Investment 
Funds"). In such case, Interest accrued on the Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate 
Investment Funds. The income of the Real Estate Investment Funds may be 
subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and 
percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution 
and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". To ensure payment of Interest in 
respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, gross 
recipients indicated above must: (a) be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest 
on the Notes and (b) deposit the Notes in due time directly or indirectly with an Italian 
authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign 
Intermediary). Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an 
Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign 
Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian 
Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in 
Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled 
to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident (with no permanent establishment in 
the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected), an exemption from 
the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial owner 
is resident, for tax purposes, in a State or territory included in the list of States or

--- Page 187 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 186 - 
47-41034559 
 
territories allowing an adequate exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities 
and listed in the Decree of the Minister of Finance dated 4 September 1996, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the "White List"). According to Article 
11(4)(c) of Decree 239 the White List will be updated every six months period. In 
absence of the issuance of the new White List, reference has to be made to the above 
mentioned Decree dated 4 September 1996, as amended from time to time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva for 
payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to: 
(a) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or  
(b) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established 
in a country included in the White List; or  
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of 
a foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 
imposta sostitutiva, non-Italian resident beneficial owners must (a) deposit, directly or 
indirectly, the Notes with a bank or a SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator of a clearing system having 
appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 239 a resident bank or SIM 
or a permanent establishment in Italy or a non-resident bank or SIM which are in 
contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) timely file with 
the relevant depository (which may be a non-Italian resident entity participating in a 
centralised securities management system connected via telematic link with the Italian 
Ministry of Economy and Finance) a self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating their 
residence, for tax purposes, in a State listed in the White List. Such self-declaration – 
which must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 
December 2001 (as amended and supplemented) – is valid until withdrawn or revoked 
and may not be filed in the event that a certificate, declaration or other similar 
document with an equivalent purpose has previously been filed with the same 
depository. The self-declaration (autocertificazione) is not required for non-Italian 
resident investors that are international entities and organisations established in 
accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy and Central Banks or entities 
which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign state. 
Failure of a non-resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures 
set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the 
application of imposta sostitutiva on Interests payments to a non-resident holder of the 
Notes. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva might, 
nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty 
between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the relevant holder of 
the Notes. 
Atypical Securities

--- Page 188 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 187 - 
47-41034559 
 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni), 
securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or securities similar 
to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917 may be subject to a withholding tax, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower than their 
nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any 
right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the 
business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on Interest relating to the Notes not falling within 
the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni), shares or securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Decree 
No. 917, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 
1, paragraphs 100 - 114 of Law No. 232, in Article 1, paragraphs 210 – 215 of Law 
No. 145 and, for the long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Law 
Decree No. 124, as applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 
219-225-bis of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals 
investing in long-term individual savings account established from 1 January 2021 and 
compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from 
a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences 
realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-
term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are 
met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital 
losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian 
commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an 
Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases the withholding 
tax is a final withholding tax. For a non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding 
tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
Any capital gain realised upon the sale for consideration, transfer or redemption of the 
Notes would be treated as part of the taxable business income (and, in certain cases 
depending on the status of Noteholder, may also be included in the taxable net value 
of production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant tax 
provisions, if derived by Noteholders who are: 
(d) 
Italian resident corporations;

--- Page 189 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 188 - 
47-41034559 
 
(e) 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the 
Notes are effectively connected; or 
(f) 
Italian resident individuals carrying out a commercial activity, as to any 
capital gains realised within the scope of the commercial activity. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) individual holding the Notes otherwise 
than in connection with entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) 
a non-commercial private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such 
Noteholder from the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes would be subject 
to an imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent.. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of 
the three regimes described below. 
Under the tax return regime (the "Regime della Dichiarazione"), which is the 
standard regime for taxation of capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) 
to (iii) above, substitute tax on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, 
on all capital gains, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, realised by Italian resident 
individual Noteholders holding 
Notes otherwise 
than in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all disposals of Notes carried out during any given 
tax year. Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity must report total capital gains realised in any tax year, net of 
any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return to be filed with the Italian 
tax authorities for such year and pay substitute tax on such gains together with any 
balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may 
be carried forward against capital gains of the same kind realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax return regime depicted above, Italian Noteholders under (i) 
to (iii) above, may elect to pay 26 per cent. substitute tax separately on capital gains 
realised on each sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes (the "Risparmio 
Amministrato" regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to 
(i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and (ii) an election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime being timely 
made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The financial intermediary is responsible 
for accounting for substitute tax in respect of capital gains realised on each sale, 
transfer or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised at 
revocation of its mandate), net of any relevant incurred capital loss, and is required to 
pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder. 
Under the Risparmio Amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare 
capital gains in its annual tax return and remains anonymous. Capital losses in excess 
of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same kind realised 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, who have 
elected for the Risparmio Gestito regime will be included in the computation of the 
annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year 
end, subject to the Asset Management Tax to be applied on behalf of the taxpayer by 
the managing authorised intermediary. Under the Risparmio Gestito regime, any

--- Page 190 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 189 - 
47-41034559 
 
depreciation of the managed assets, accrued at year end, may be carried forward 
against any increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four 
subsequent years. Under the Risparmio Gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required 
to report capital gains realised in its annual tax return and remains anonymous. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
capital gains in respect of Notes realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian 
resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, 
including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, in Article 
1, paragraphs 210 - 215 of Law No. 145 and, for the long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 
2020, in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as applicable from time to time. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225-bis of Law No. 178, it is further provided 
that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual savings account 
established from 1 January 2021 and compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of 
Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital 
losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying 
financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided 
that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the 
possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative 
differences against future capital gains). 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders who are Italian resident pension funds 
subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of Decree No. 252, will be included in the 
computation of the taxable basis of Pension Fund Tax. Subject to certain conditions, 
capital gains realised in respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base 
of the Pension Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, 
paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 and in Article 1, paragraphs 210 - 215 of Law 
No. 145 and, for the long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Law 
Decree No. 124, as applicable from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. The Fund 
will not be subject to taxation on such result but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. may 
apply on income of the Fund derived by unitholders or shareholders through 
distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units and shares. 
Capital gains on Notes held by Italian Real Estate Investment Funds are not taxable 
at the level of same Real Estate Investment Funds. 
The 26 per cent. substitute tax on capital gains may, in certain circumstances, be 
payable on capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the 
Notes by non-Italian resident persons or entities without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held in Italy.

--- Page 191 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 190 - 
47-41034559 
 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or 
redemption of Notes are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are 
traded on a regulated market in Italy or abroad and in certain cases subject to prompt 
filing of required documentation (in particular, a self-declaration of non-residence in 
Italy for tax purposes) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with whom the Notes are deposited, 
even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any 
applicable double tax treaty. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption 
of Notes not transferred on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country included 
in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank 
or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is 
an institutional investor, not subject to tax, established in a country included in the 
White List. In order to benefit of the exemption from imposta sostitutiva as for the 
above, all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the 
relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended have to be met. In this case, 
if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected elect for the Risparmio Gestito regime or are subject to the 
Risparmio Amministrato regime, exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains will 
apply upon condition that they file in due time with the authorised financial intermediary 
an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the 
requirement reported above. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, that may benefit 
from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy providing that capital gains realised 
upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any capital 
gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. In this case, 
exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains will apply upon condition that they file 
in due time with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate documentation 
attesting that the requirements for the application of the relevant double taxation treaty 
are met. 
The Risparmio Amministrato regime is the ordinary regime automatically applicable to 
non-resident persons and entities in relation to Notes deposited for safekeeping or 
administration at Italian banks, SIMs and other eligible entities, but non-resident 
Noteholders retain the right to waive this regime. Such waiver may also be exercised 
by non-resident intermediaries in respect of safekeeping, administration and deposit 
accounts held in their names in which third parties' financial assets are held. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October, 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 
24 November, 2006 as amended by Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006, the transfers 
of any valuable asset (such as the Notes) by reason of gift, donation or succession 
proceedings is subject to Italian gift and inheritance tax as follows:

--- Page 192 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 191 - 
47-41034559 
 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. 
on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding Euro 1,000,000.00 
(per beneficiary); 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to 
the third degree are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 
per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
(c) 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding Euro 100,000.00 (per beneficiary); and 
(d) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a 
rate of 8 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is 
levied at the rate mentioned above in (a), (b), (c) and (d) on the value exceeding, 
for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided for by Law No. 383/2001 for any gift of 
assets (such as the Notes) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital 
gains to the "imposta sostitutiva" provided for by Decree No. 461. In particular, if the 
donee sells the Notes for consideration within 5 years from the receipt thereof as a 
gift, the donee is required to pay the relevant "imposta sostitutiva" on capital gains as 
if the gift was not made. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as 
follows: (i) public deeds and notarized deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private 
autenticate) are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds 
(scritture private non autenticate) are subject to registration tax at rate of €200 only in 
case of use or voluntary registration or occurrence of the so-called enunciazione. 
Stamp duty on financial instruments 
Pursuant to Article 13 paragraph 2-ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential 
Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual 
basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by a financial 
intermediary to their clients in respect of any Notes which may be deposited with such 
financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it 
cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is 
determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available 
– the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for 
which is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. 
In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable pro-
rata.

--- Page 193 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 192 - 
47-41034559 
 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian 
Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a 
client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an 
entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the 
Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19(18-23) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian 
resident individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) 
resident in Italy holding financial assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian 
territory are required to pay in its own annual tax declaration a wealth tax at the rate 
of 0.2 per cent. For taxpayers other than individuals, this wealth tax cannot exceed 
Euro 14,000 per year with effect from fiscal year 2020. 
This tax is calculated on the market value at the end of the relevant year (or at the end 
of the holding period) or – if no market value figure is available – on the nominal value 
or redemption value, or in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including the Notes) held 
outside of the Italian territory. A tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied 
abroad on such financial assets. The Italian tax authority clarified (Circular No. 28/E 
of 2 July 2012) that financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the 
wealth tax if they are administered by Italian financial intermediaries and the items of 
income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, Italian resident individuals, non-
commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships 
in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy who hold investments 
abroad or have financial activities abroad or are the beneficial owners, under the Italian 
money-laundering law, provided by Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 21 November 
2007, of investments abroad or foreign financial assets must, in certain circumstances, 
disclose the aforesaid to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case 
the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same 
time as prescribed for the income tax return). 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect 
to: (i) Notes deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; 
(ii) contracts entered into through Italian financial intermediaries intervention, upon 
condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by 
the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by 
deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 
threshold throughout the year. 
Other Taxation issues 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)

--- Page 194 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 193 - 
47-41034559 
 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the 
"Commission's proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
"participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to 
persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would 
apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, 
and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State 
in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which 
is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating 
Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of 
which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT. 
United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly 
known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet 
certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer does not expect to 
be treated as a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that 
is two years after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt 
(or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as

--- Page 195 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 194 - 
47-41034559 
 
described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above 
description is based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of 
which are subject to change or may be implemented in a materially different form. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply 
to payments they may receive in connection with the Notes.

--- Page 196 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 195 - 
47-41034559 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealer Agreement 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank 
Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S. A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC 
Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di 
Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, MPS Capital 
Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A., Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH, 
Société Générale, UBS Europe SE, and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the 
Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer 
agreement dated 12 May 2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer, the Representative of the 
Noteholders and the Dealers, as amended and supplemented from time to time. If in 
the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between 
the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant 
Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest 
of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of 
any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer 
and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed 
by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant 
Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and 
any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that 
Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any 
of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to 
that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by 
the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or 
allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Subscription Agreements 
Any agreement between CDP, the Representative of the Noteholders and any one or 
more of the Dealers and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time for the 
sale and purchase of Notes (a "Subscription Agreement" and each Dealer party 
thereto, a "Relevant Dealer") will inter alia make provision for the price at which the 
relevant Notes will be purchased by the Relevant Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by CDP in respect of such 
purchase.

--- Page 197 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 196 - 
47-41034559 
 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the appointment of the 
Representative of the Noteholders by the Relevant Dealer(s) as initial holder(s) of the 
Notes then being issued. 
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from 
their obligations under the Subscription Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of 
the Notes. 
Selling restrictions 
General selling restrictions 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree that it will comply to the best of its knowledge and belief with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) and neither CDP nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility 
therefore. Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) comes are required by CDP and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, 
distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) or any related offering material, in all cases at their 
own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the 
restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such 
restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after 
the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without 
prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of CDP. Any 
such supplement or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or in the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) (in case of a supplement or modification only to a particular Tranche of Notes). 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may 
copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(ii) 
in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time 
(Regulation No. 11971).

--- Page 198 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 197 - 
47-41034559 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) 
above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to 
conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial 
Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed 
by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where 
applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, and/or any other 
Italian authority). 
United States of America 
The applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) will 
confirm whether the Issuer is Category 1, Category 2 or Category 3 for the purposes 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or if Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms 
(or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes do not require compliance with U.S. Treasury regulations under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"). If Category 2 is 
specified in the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be), each 
Dealer has severally agreed and each additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to severally agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer 
Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the date of commencement of the 
offering of the Notes and the issue date hereof, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will be required to agree that 
it will send to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance 
period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. 
Accordingly, if Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be), the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United 
States in offshore transactions in reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising 
any Series, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether 
or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 199 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 198 - 
47-41034559 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used 
in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or 
superseded), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 200 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 199 - 
47-41034559 
 
Other United Kingdom regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business 
and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Singapore 
(a) 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not 
been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
(b) 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA 
by a relevant person which is:

--- Page 201 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 200 - 
47-41034559 
 
(i) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share 
capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an 
accredited investor; or 
(ii) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is 
to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an 
accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person 
arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) 
of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) 
Regulations 2018.

--- Page 202 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 201 - 
47-41034559 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank as a base prospectus. 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Euronext Dublin. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as the Issuer(s) and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree or which are 
not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
The Euronext Dublin's Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer passed on 15 April 2015 which is valid and effective at the date 
hereof. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the 
Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes will be in bearer form and held in dematerialised form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with 
registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, 
Italy), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg). The relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted 
the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. The 
Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number 
in relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) relating thereto. 
Use of proceeds  
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used by the Issuer, as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, for its general funding 
purposes, or as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus relating to the issuance, to finance or refinance Eligible Loans/Projects. 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles 
and the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Notes financing or refinancing

--- Page 203 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 202 -
47-41034559
Eligible Loans/Projects and complying with the relevant eligibility criteria and any other 
criteria set out in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined 
below) which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuers’ website 
at https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/homepage.page (the “Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework”) (including as amended, restated or otherwise 
updated on such website from time to time) will be classified as Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds.  
For the purposes of this section: 
“Eligible Loans/Projects” means loans, bonds, projects, equity investments or other 
instruments identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Representative of the Noteholders 
A Representative of the Noteholders for each Series of Notes shall be appointed by 
the Dealers in the Subscription Agreement entered into in connection with such Series 
and in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, at the time of issue of such Series of 
Notes and set out in the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be). 
Legal Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the section “Description of Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. – Legal 
Proceedings” at pages 176 to 178 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened, to which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had during the 12 
months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer.  
No material adverse and no significant change 
Save as disclosed in the section “Risk factors – Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial 
position – Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment”, there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021, 
nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer, since 31 December 2021. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, 
copies and (where applicable) English translations of the following documents may be 
inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent for the time being in Milan, and copies of the documents referred below can be 
obtained free of charge from the Principal Paying Agent during normal business hours 
on request of the Noteholders, and online on the Issuer’s website links specified below 
in the section “General Information – Publication on the Internet”, namely:

--- Page 204 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 203 - 
47-41034559 
 
(a) 
the Article 5 and by-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Rules of Organisation of Noteholders;  
(c) 
the non-consolidated audited annual financial statements (including the 
auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the years 
as at and ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020; 
(d) 
the consolidated audited financial statements (including the auditors' report 
thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the years as at and ended 
on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020; 
(e) 
the 2021 Base Prospectus; 
(f) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(g) 
any Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) relating to 
Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Notes 
which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) will only be available for inspection 
by the relevant Noteholders; 
(h) 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework together with any opinion 
on each such framework issued by a second party consultant as well as any 
public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the 
proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, 
from time to time published by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, neither 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework nor any second party 
opinion or public reporting are incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, 
copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent publicly 
available audited annual financial statements and unaudited interim financial 
information of the Issuer may be obtained during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
Certificate 
No request has been made for a certificate permitting offers to the public of the Notes 
in other member states of the European Union. 
Publication on the Internet 
The by-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer are available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Statuto-CDP_11-03-2022_ENG.pdf  
Article 5 is available on the Issuer’s website at:

--- Page 205 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 204 - 
47-41034559 
 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Law-Decree-no.269-2003-Art.5.PDF 
The Rules of Organisation of Noteholders will be available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/homepage.page 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2021 and the 
audited non-consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2021, all as 
included in the 2021 Annual Report are available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/RFA_2021_Gruppo_CDP_ENG.pdf  
The audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020 and the 
audited non-consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020, all as 
included in the 2020 Annual Report are available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/CDP-Annual-Report-2020_ENG.pdf  
The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework together with any opinion on 
each such framework issued by a second party consultant as well as any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of 
any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, from time to time 
published by the Issuer, will be available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/homepage.page    
The documents listed above in paragraphs (e) to (g) above are available at the Issuer’s 
website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/debt_issuance_programme.page 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on the 
Euronext Dublin's website https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
Auditors 
Each of the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have 
been audited without qualification for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021 by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., who have given, and have not withdrawn, 
their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and 
context in which it is included. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered under No. 132587 in the Register of 
Accountancy Auditors (Registro Revisori Legali) by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
and Finance, in compliance with the provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January

--- Page 206 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 205 - 
47-41034559 
 
2010, No. 39. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., which is located at Via Tortona 25, 20144 
Milan, Italy, is also a member of ASSIREVI (the Italian association of audit firms). 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be). The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in financing, investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and/or its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade bank loans, 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the 
purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" includes also parent companies.

--- Page 207 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 206 - 
47-41034559 
 
Foreign languages used in the Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and 
technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 81560029E2CE4D14F425. 
Validity of the Base Prospectus and supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base 
prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Website 
CDP’s website is https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/homepage.page. The information 
on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information 
contained therein is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 208 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 207 - 
47-41034559 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
CASSA DEPOSITI E PRESTITI S.P.A. 
Via Goito, 4 
00185 Rome 
Italy 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
Via Goito, 4 
00185 Rome 
Italy 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052, 92547 MONTROUGE 
CEDEX 
France 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S. A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
 Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A 
Divisione IMI Corporate & investment 
Banking  
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 209 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 208 - 
47-41034559 
 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
MPS Capital Services Banca per le 
Imprese S.p.A. 
Via Leone Pancaldo, 4 
50127 Firenze 
Italy 
Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George’s Dock, IFSC, 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer: 
To the Joint Arrangers and the Dealers: 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale 
Tributario 
Piazza degli Affari 1 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale 
Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milano 
Italy 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER

--- Page 210 ---
10230555515-v26 
- 209 - 
47-41034559 
 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy