--- Page 1 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 1 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2023 
 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
Euro 15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the Euro 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), which constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. (the "Issuer" or "CDP"), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding 
at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription 
and Sale". 
The Notes issued under this Programme may be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined under "Description of the 
Programme") save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified hereunder and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the 
relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), which is the Irish competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, as a base 
prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued under the Programme described in this 
Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The Central Bank has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area. In addition, such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid until 17 May 2024, which is a period of 
twelve months from the date of approval. Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to the official list (the 
"Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes are intended to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Euronext Dublin. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the 
basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, or to be issued on the basis that they will be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further stock exchanges, markets and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(including the professional segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notes will be issued by the Issuer to raise funds for its general funding purposes or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, for financing or refinancing green, social or sustainable 
projects, as the case may be, in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the 
Social Bond Principles ("SBP") or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")). The Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may be issued in one or more 
tranches (each, a "Tranche"). The terms of each Series will be set forth in the relevant Final Terms prepared in relation thereto in accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus. 
An investment in Notes issued under this Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche 
called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”). 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. with registered office and principal place 
of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy ("Monte Titoli"), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" 
means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). The Notes have been 
accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions 
of Italian Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58, as subsequently amended and supplemented ("Legislative Decree No. 58") and in accordance with Commissione 
Nazionale per le società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented ("CONSOB and Bank of 
Italy Regulation"). The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 
83-quinquies and 83-sexies of Legislative Decree No. 58. 
The Programme is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited Sede Secondaria Italiana 
("Fitch Ratings"), and BBB+ by Scope Ratings GmbH ("Scope"). Each of S&P, Fitch Ratings, and Scope is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation. The rating S&P has given the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating assigned by Fitch Ratings is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, established in the United Kingdom and registered by the Financial Conduct 
Authority (“FCA”) in accordance with the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. Scope Ratings UK Limited, established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation, is an “endorsing CRA” of credit ratings issued by Scope. As such, the rating Scope has attributed the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed 
by Scope Ratings UK Ltd. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Joint Arrangers 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
Barclays 
Dealers 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley 
MPS Capital Services 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 2 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and declares that, 
to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, in 
accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
Third Party Information 
The Issuer confirms that where information in the Base Prospectus has been sourced from 
a third party, this information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
sources of such information are included throughout the Base Prospectus. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under 
the Conditions as completed by the Final Terms or in a separate prospectus specific to such 
Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown 
Prospectuses" below. Copies of Final Terms and any Drawdown Prospectus in relation to 
Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin). 
Each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
"Final Terms" shall, unless the context requires otherwise, be deemed to be references to 
such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as 
applicable).  
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto 
and with any documents incorporated by reference herein (see "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference" below) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read and construed 
together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each Investor contemplating 
purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any 
of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that 
this Base Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all 
information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the 
Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not

--- Page 3 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 3 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed 
herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this 
Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, 
offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper 
enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Legality of purchase 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies) has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes 
by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into 
in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other 
information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or 
representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) have 
authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any 
representation or warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility 
or liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
(including parent companies) accept any responsibility or liability for the acts or omissions 
of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the Programme and the issue and 
offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor 
the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof 
or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. The Issuer and the Dealers and their respective affiliates (including the parent 
companies) do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that

--- Page 4 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 4 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers and their respective affiliates (including 
parent companies) which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, 
sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto nor any Final Terms (or any part 
thereof) constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates (including parent companies) them that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Product Governance/Target Market under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended)  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID II Product 
Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance/Target Market under UK MiFIR

--- Page 5 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 5 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities 
and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the 
Notes pursuant to section 309(B)(1) of the SFA. The Issuer will make a determination and 
provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue 
about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) and 
section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 6 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 6 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Benchmarks Regulation  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such 
reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or 
not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions 
in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the 
date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable 
law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. Interest payable on Floating Rate Notes will be 
calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
(as administrator of EURIBOR) (the "EMMI") is included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, but the Bank of England (as 
administrator of SONIA) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of 
SOFR) are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that none of the Bank of England or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York are currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed Euro 15,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes 
denominated in another currency shall be converted into Euro at the date of the agreement 
to issue such Notes in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement). The 
maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time 
under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the 
relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement, as defined under "Subscription and Sale". In 
the event of increase of the original maximum amount of the Programme as set out herein, 
the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described on 
the cover page of this Base Prospectus or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche 
of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under

--- Page 7 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 7 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Presentation of information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the 
Issuer has been derived from (i) the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements 
of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 and 
(ii) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 (together, the "Financial Statements"). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus 
to any specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The 
Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
(IASB), including the SIC and IFRIC interpretations, endorsed by the European Union, as 
provided by Regulation (EC) No. 1606 of 19 July 2002, published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union L. 243 on 11 September 2002. 
Certain definitions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base 
Prospectus will have the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
or any other section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this 
Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are to 
a Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "Euro" "EUR" or "€" are to 
the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, 
and references to "£" or "Sterling" are to the currency of the United Kingdom. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation 
of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 8 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 8 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus does not contain any financial measure that is not recognised as a 
measure of performance under IFRS or Italian GAAP, otherwise known as "Alternative 
Performance Measures". 
Stabilisation  
The Issuer confirms that where information in the Base Prospectus has been sourced from 
a third party, this information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer 
or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of 
the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", 
"believe", "expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", 
"may", "could", "continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking 
statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Base 
Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the financial position, business 
strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer are forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance or 
achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed or implied 
by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on 
numerous assumptions regarding our present and future business strategies and the 
environment in which we expect to operate in the future. Factors that could cause actual 
results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but are not limited to, those 
discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of 
the Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update 
forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with regard thereto 
or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is 
based. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds and Social Bonds 
None of the Dealers and the Issuer accept any responsibility for any social, environmental 
and sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds 
or Social Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes 
will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or similar labels. No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer and the

--- Page 9 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 9 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion, report or certification of any third 
party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds, nor is any such opinion, report or certification a 
recommendation by the Issuer, any Dealer, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading 
on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a 
stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained 
for the lifetime of the Notes. None of the Dealers are responsible for the use or allocation of 
proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds, nor 
the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds nor do any of the Dealers undertake to 
ensure that there are at any time sufficient green, social or sustainable projects, as the case 
may be, to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green 
Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds in full. The Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bonds Framework (as defined below) may benefit from a Second Party 
Opinion (as defined below). The Second Party Opinion (as defined below) provides an 
opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address 
any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation 
market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security.  The Second 
Party Opinion (as defined below) is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact.  The 
Second Party Opinion (as defined below) is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. No 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the 
Second Party Opinion (as defined below) or any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by any 
Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion 
(as defined below) and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is 
incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
Suitability of the Notes as an investment 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all Investors. Each potential investor in the 
Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of 
its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact 
the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the potential investor's currency;

--- Page 10 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 10 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors 
that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 11 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 11 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ....................................................................................................... 2 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................... 12 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................ 20 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES .................................................... 50 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................... 51 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................. 56 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................... 57 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................. 97 
DESCRIPTION OF CASSA DEPOSITI E PRESTITI S.P.A. ........................................... 116 
TAXATION ...................................................................................................................... 192 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................... 205 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................. 211

--- Page 12 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 12 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken 
from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus, including the 
documents incorporated by reference, and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Words and expressions defined in the "Conditions of the Notes" 
below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for listing Notes on the Euronext 
Dublin during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus in an aggregate 
nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of 
all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed EUR 
15,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the purpose of calculating the euro 
equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme from 
time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another currency of denomination (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Notes) shall be 
determined either as of the date on which agreement is reached for the issue of Notes 
or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for business in Milan, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale 
of the euro against the purchase of such currency of denomination in the Milan foreign 
exchange market quoted by any leading international bank selected by the Issuer on 
the relevant day of calculation; and 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in relation to the relevant Notes) and other Notes issued at a discount or a premium 
shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the net proceeds 
received by the Issuer for the relevant issue. 
Issuer: 
Cassa depositi e prestiti società per azioni (the 
"Issuer" or "CDP"), a joint stock company 
incorporated on 12 December 2003 with limited 
liability in Italy under Article 5 of Italian Law Decree 
No. 269 of 30 September 2003, as converted with 
amendments into Law No. 326 of 24 November 
2003 ("Article 5" or "Law Decree 269"), having its 
registered office at Via Goito No. 4, 00185 Rome, 
Italy, registered with No. 80199230584 in the 
register of companies of Rome. 
Joint Arrangers: 
CDP and Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. 
Dealers: 
Banca Akros S.p.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, 
Banco 
Santander S.A., 
BNP Paribas, 
BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman

--- Page 13 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 13 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Sachs International, HSBC Continental Europe, 
Intesa 
Sanpaolo 
S.p.A., 
J.P. 
Morgan 
SE, 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, MPS Capital 
Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A., Nomura 
Financial Products Europe GmbH, Société Générale 
and UniCredit Bank AG, and any other dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes (each a "Dealer" 
and together the "Dealers"). 
Principal Paying 
Agent: 
BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the 
laws of France, having its registered office at 
Boulevard des Italiens n. 16, 75002 Paris, France 
and offices at Piazza Lina Bo Bardi No. 3, 20124 
Milan, Italy, or any other person for the time being 
acting as Principal Paying Agent of the Issuer 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Walkers Listing Services Limited, (in such capacity, 
the "Irish Listing Agent"). 
Calculation Agent: 
The Calculation Agent in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes will be appointed by the Issuer on or prior to 
the relevant issue date of the Notes. 
Representative of 
the Noteholders: 
BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the 
laws of France, having its registered office at 
Boulevard des Italiens n. 16, 75002 Paris, France 
and offices at Piazza Lina Bo Bardi No. 3, 20124 
Milan, Italy or any other person for the time being 
acting as Representative of the Noteholders. The 
Representative of the Noteholders, as appointed for 
each Series of Notes, shall act as such pursuant to 
the Dealer Agreement, the subscription agreements 
in respect of the relevant Series of Notes and the 
Conditions. 
Listing, Approval 
and Admission to 
Trading: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the 
Central Bank, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Series may be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Euronext Dublin and 
admitted to the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, 
and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as may be agreed between the

--- Page 14 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 14 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (including the professional 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) or may be issued 
on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Programme 
Amount: 
Up to Euro 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of Dealer Agreement (as 
defined below). In connection with such increase, 
the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different 
issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. The 
Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical 
terms in all respects. 
Final Terms / 
Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of the Final Terms 
prepared in relation thereto which, for the purposes 
of that Tranche only, complete the Conditions of the 
Notes and this Base Prospectus and must be read 
in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes are the Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
Forms of Notes: 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in 
dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by 
Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte 
Titoli account holders. The Notes have been 
accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes

--- Page 15 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 15 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
will at all times be held in book entry form and title to 
the Notes and will be evidenced by book entries 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian 
Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58 
as subsequently amended and supplemented 
("Legislative Decree No. 58") and in accordance 
with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation 
dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented ("CONSOB and Bank of Italy 
Regulation"). No physical document of title will be 
issued in respect of the Notes. However, the 
Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for 
certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies of 
Legislative Decree No. 58. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest by reference to 
the benchmark as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as adjusted for any applicable 
margin/multiplier. Floating Rate Notes may also 
have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. Interest on Floating Rate Notes in 
respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to 
issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
Condition 
6.13 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation) 
provides for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a Benchmark Event (as described in 
Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when the Conditions provide for any remaining Rate 
of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate. In such an event, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (iii)), as well as any Benchmark

--- Page 16 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 16 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6.13 
(iv)). 
See 
Condition 
6.13 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation) for further information. 
Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be issued in the amount, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and further 
instalments will be payable in the amounts and on 
the dates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal 
and/or 
regulatory 
and/or 
central 
bank 
requirements. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price and either on a 
fully or partly paid basis as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity subject, in relation to specific 
currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption or repayment, Notes will be redeemable 
at par as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
Optional 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Early redemption will be permitted for tax reasons as 
described in Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest 
bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate 
or a floating rate or other variable rate and the 
method of calculating interest may vary between the

--- Page 17 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 17 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant 
Series. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). Unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as 
described in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Redenomination: 
In respect of any Tranche of Notes, if the country of 
the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its 
intention to become, a Participating Member State 
(as defined in the Conditions), the Notes may be 
redenominated in Euro in accordance with Condition 
21 
(Redenomination, 
Renominalisation 
and 
Reconventioning) if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Ratings: 
The Programme is, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P"), BBB by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited Sede Secondaria Italiana ("Fitch 
Ratings") and BBB+ by Scope Ratings GmbH 
("Scope"). Each of S&P, Fitch Ratings and Scope is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"), and is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation. The rating S&P 
has given the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). The rating assigned by

--- Page 18 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 18 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Fitch Ratings is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
established in the United Kingdom and registered by 
the 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(“FCA”) 
in 
accordance with the Credit Rating Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. 
Scope Ratings UK Limited, established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation, is an “endorsing CRA” of Credit Ratings 
issued by Scope Ratings GmbH. As such, the rating 
Scope has attributed the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme is endorsed by Scope Ratings UK 
Ltd. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Programme or the rating(s) 
assigned to Notes previously issued. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold 
securities 
and 
may 
be 
subject 
to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to the relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit

--- Page 19 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 19 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
For a description of restrictions on offers, sales and 
delivery of the Notes, and on the distribution of 
offering materials, including in the United States of 
America, Italy, the European Economic Area, Japan 
and Singapore see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 20 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 20 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following are the risk factors relating to the Issuer and Notes to be issued under the 
Programme which prospective purchasers of Notes should consider prior to making an 
investment decision. Prospective purchasers of Notes should also read the information set 
out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
have the same meanings in this section. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may be unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Notes. There are a wide range of factors which, individually 
or together, could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. The Issuer 
has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors that could materially adversely 
affect its businesses and ability to make payments due. However, the inability of the Issuer 
to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for 
other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on 
information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; 
2. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; and 
3. 
Risk relating to the Notes. 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
 
Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment 
CDP may experience, directly or indirectly, negative impacts on its businesses, results of 
operations and financial condition because of macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges, 
uncertainties and volatility occurring in Italy, Europe and across the globe. 
Potential impacts of the current macroeconomic scenario are connected to a decrease of 
consumer, business and investor confidence, increased funding costs and a potential surge 
of nonperforming exposures in the credit portfolio. In particular, several of the industrial 
sectors in which some of CDP’s portfolio companies and/or borrowers operate, namely the 
oil and gas, the cruise, the hospitality, the construction, metallurgy and the agri-food 
industries, have been and could continue to be particularly affected by the macroeconomic 
environment. 
Further, macroeconomic conditions may cause a deterioration in the creditworthiness of 
certain local or regional public administrations and delays in the collection of trade 
receivables. The macroeconomic environment is currently characterised by, among others,

--- Page 21 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 21 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
the factors below, which may affect, directly and indirectly, CDP’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
(i) 
Inflation, increase in interest rates and a potential recession 
Mismatches between the supply and demand of goods and services, partially as a result of 
the COVID-19 pandemic and, more recently, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, have contributed 
to a rise in global inflation. In Italy, the annual Harmonized Indices of Consumer Prices, 
which is used to measure consumer price inflation in the euro area ("HICP"), as recorded in 
2020, 2021 and 2022, was -0.15%, 1.94% and 8.7%, respectively (source: Istat). The annual 
inflation rate in Italy in 2022 was the highest since 1985. With respect to the European Union, 
the HICP, as recorded in 2020, 2021 and 2022, was 0.5%, 2.6% and 9.2%, respectively 
(source: World Bank). As for the United States, the Consumer Price Index, which is the most 
widely used measure of inflation in the United States, as recorded in 2020, 2021 and 2022, 
was 1.2%, 4.7% and 8.0%, respectively (source: World Data).  
To counter inflation, central banks have started increasing interest rates and are currently 
expected to continue to raise interest rates during the remainder of 2023. In the U.S., the 
Federal Reserve System terminated its large-scale asset purchases, popularly known as 
"quantitative easing", and announced a plan to reduce its bond holdings. In addition, the 
Federal Reserve System has implemented benchmark interest rate increases and has 
announced further increases to counteract inflationary pressures. The European Central 
Bank has implemented interest rate increases and discontinued its asset purchases. In 
addition, restrictive monetary policies and high inflation driven, in large part, by supply chain 
disruptions and higher energy costs from the war in Ukraine may lead to a market or general 
economic downturn or recession. All of these factors may adversely affect some or all of the 
CDP’s portfolio companies and CDP’s ability to raise funding. Uncertainty surrounding the 
pace of future interest rate increases by major central banks has already resulted in 
significant volatility in financial markets around the world and such volatility may continue 
for a prolonged period of time. Any increase of inflation and/or interest rates or a potential 
recession or other periods of declining economic conditions, could adversely affect CDP’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition and have a negative effect on the 
securities markets generally. As of the date of this Offering Memorandum, no direct or 
indirect effects were recorded as a result of the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature 
Bank or of Credit Suisse (which resulted in its acquisition by UBS), all of which occurred in 
March 2023. However, such situations could prove to be a signal of mounting tensions in 
the financial markets and such tensions could adversely affect CDP’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition and have a negative effect on the securities markets 
generally. 
(ii) 
The conflict between Russia and Ukraine 
In February 2022, a military conflict erupted between Russia and Ukraine. This military 
conflict was followed by tensions between Russia and Ukraine, as well as certain western 
countries. As a result, the United States, Canada, the European Union and other countries 
and multinational organizations have announced and implemented sanctions of various 
types against Russia, such as the designation of a number of persons and entities, including 
major Russian banks, in "blocked person" lists, the removal of certain Russian banks from 
the SWIFT system that facilitates the transfer of money between banks, a prohibition on 
providing certain types of financing and financial services to certain companies or banks that 
are under public control or publicly owned, a prohibition on transactions with certain Russian 
counterparties, and the imposition of restrictions on the export to Russia of certain goods

--- Page 22 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 22 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
and technologies. In response to the foregoing sanctions, Russia replied with 
countersanctions on so-called "unfriendly" states (which specifically include countries of the 
European Union). Countersanctions imposed by Russia have led to a reduction in supply 
volumes or even a suspension of gas and oil deliveries. Should economic sanctions escalate 
further, Russia could take further legal action, which could affect European businesses (with 
their domicile in an "unfriendly State" from a Russian perspective).  
The continuation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could negatively affect Italian, 
European and global macroeconomic conditions. In particular, the conflict may continue to: 
(i) negatively impact trade relations; (ii) affect oil and gas supplies, therefore placing 
additional upward pressure on fuel and energy prices, which were already rising due to a 
number of factors, such as insufficient global production to match increasing demand. In this 
respect, Italy is one of the most vulnerable European countries, even though in 2022 it 
greatly reduced its energy dependence on Russian gas, as the share of gas imported from 
Russia has more than halved compared to the period prior to the conflict (i.e. an average 
share of gas import equal to approximately 19% in 2022). With respect to oil, in 2022 the 
share of import from Russia remained stable at 10% (the European Union has prohibited 
the maritime transport of Russian crude oil (since December 5, 2022) and of petroleum 
products (since February 5, 2023) to third countries, this ban however does not apply if the 
crude oil or petroleum products are purchased at or below the oil price cap); (iii) create 
uncertainty on the financial markets and (iv) determine geopolitical instability. These 
developments have led to a high degree of uncertainty in the global financial markets and 
may amplify existing economic uncertainty and cause adjustments to longer-term inflation 
expectations which, in turn, may cause upward pressure on interest rates and adversely 
affect economic conditions. 
The economic consequences of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine have caused and 
may continue to cause a rise in commodity prices, which will fuel already existing inflationary 
pressures and may cause supply shortages. The portfolio companies of CDP may be 
affected as a result of the volatility in the prices of commodities originating from the countries 
affected by the conflict, with a possible generalised increase in inflation and specifically of 
energy commodities (e.g., oil, gas and coal). In addition, due to the sanctions currently in 
place, some of the portfolio companies of CDP may not be able to carry out business 
activities in the territories affected by such sanctions. With reference to CDP’s direct 
exposures, no significant activities are carried out in such countries and its very limited 
exposures relating mainly to its export credit financing activities, activities which were 
undertaken before the beginning of the conflict, are being monitored on a constant basis 
and CDP does so by applying the relevant sanction and legal frameworks. 
All of these factors may, directly or indirectly, adversely affect some or all of CDP’s borrowers 
and portfolio companies. In particular, certain of CDP’s portfolio companies have 
experienced, due to the above-mentioned factors, increased counterparty risk due to the 
higher nominal commercial exposure to customers and the industrial sector's difficulty in 
managing the significant crisis-induced increase in energy and commodity costs. 
(iii) Outbreaks or continuance of epidemic and pandemic diseases, such as the COVID-
19 pandemic 
CDP is exposed to risks associated to public health threats, pandemics and epidemics, such 
as the pandemic outbreak of a novel and highly contagious form of coronavirus disease 
started in 2019 ("COVID-19") and the continuance of COVID-19, including new variants 
thereof, influenza and other highly transmissible diseases or viruses outbreaks.

--- Page 23 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 23 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant harm to the global economy and may 
continue to do so. The detection of new COVID-19 variants in respect of which vaccines are 
proving to be less effective and the measures that have been implemented by governmental 
authorities around the world to reduce the spread of COVID-19 have, and may continue, to 
severely restrict global economic activities, profoundly impact supply chains across various 
industries, 
lower 
asset 
valuations, 
significantly 
increase 
unemployment 
and 
underemployment levels, decrease liquidity in markets for certain securities and cause 
significant volatility and disruption in financial markets. All of these factors may, directly or 
indirectly, adversely affect some or all of CDP’s borrowers and portfolio companies. 
In addition, CDP may also experience a possible intensification of cyber-attacks, due to the 
higher levels of remote working and mass use of technological tools, and a risk of business 
discontinuity due to a potential unavailability of critical system providers and staff shortages. 
As a result of the macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges related to rising inflation, the 
effects of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic, CDP may 
experience a rise in the number of borrowers in financial distress, with respect to loans 
granted and related guarantees. This would determine a possible increase in the insolvency 
risk associated with CDP’s loan portfolio, in terms of both rating deterioration and higher 
probability of short-term default and, as a result, a possible increase in non-performing 
loans. CDP may face such risk also with respect to the debt securities CDP has subscribed. 
In addition, as CDP’s loan portfolio mainly comprises fixed-rate loans, CDP may experience 
a decrease in the value of the interests paid by its borrowers on such loan portfolio. CDP 
may also face a decrease in dividend payments/contributions from its portfolio companies, 
a decrease in the price of its listed equity investments and a possible drop in the value of its 
overall portfolio.  
The sovereign debt crisis 
The sovereign debt crisis has raised concerns about the long-term sustainability of the 
European Monetary Union and the ordinary activity of many commercial and investment 
banks as well as insurance companies. 
Recurrent market tensions could negatively affect the funding costs and economic outlook 
of some European countries, including Italy. Moreover, the risk that some countries (even if 
not very significant in terms of gross domestic product) may leave the Euro Area, could have 
a material and negative impact on Italy's sovereign debt and economic conditions and, 
therefore, on CDP’s operations. 
The Italian financial system has been negatively affected by concerns regarding Italy's 
sovereign debt position since 2011. The sovereign debt to GDP ratio has increased 
significantly, reaching 155.3% in 2020 from 126.5% in 2012 (source: European 
Commission), and declining to 150.8% in 2021. In 2022 Italy's GDP increased by 3.7% 
compared to 2021 (source: Istat). Since the beginning of the sovereign debt crisis in May 
2010, credit quality has generally declined, as reflected by downgrades suffered by several 
countries in the Eurozone, including Italy. The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
fiscal response aimed to shore up household and corporate budgets have put an extra 
burden on the public finances. Any deterioration of the Italian economy would have a 
material adverse effect on CDP, in light of its significant exposure to the Italian economy, 
given that CDP holds major investments in companies operating in critical and strategic 
Italian industries (see also "Description of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A.—Lending and 
Investments"). The heightened sovereign debt crisis in the euro area and the high volatility

--- Page 24 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 24 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
of global markets may adversely affect CDP’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. See also "Risks relating to CDP's relationship with the Italian Ministry of Economy 
and Finance, the Italian government and certain Italian Public Entities" below. Furthermore, 
any additional event affecting Italy through the channel of public finance could materially 
and adversely affect, among other things, the recoverability and quality of the sovereign debt 
securities held by CDP. 
Risks relating to CDP's relationship with the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance, 
the Italian government and certain Italian Public Entities 
CDP bears certain risks associated with its close relationship with the Italian government, 
firstly because the Italian government, through the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance 
(the "MEF"), is CDP’s main shareholder, with an equity interest that as of December 31, 
2022, was of 82.775%. Therefore, the MEF has the ability to exercise a significant influence 
on CDP’s operations, which could be substantial in the case of protracted political 
uncertainty. In fact, such political uncertainty may cause delays in carrying out certain 
activities, such as the approval of CDP’s business plan. In addition, the MEF has the power 
to determine the general policies of the Separate Account System and to issue decrees on, 
among other things, the determination of the criteria for the definition of the general 
economic terms of the demand of passbook savings accounts, postal savings bonds, other 
securities and other financial transactions guaranteed by the Republic of Italy. See also 
“Description of Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. – CDP Activities – A. The Account Systems”.  
Secondly, by carrying out CDP’s Lending Activities in favor of Public Entities, CDP provides 
a service of general economic interest and, as such, in the course of its business activity as 
a lender and/or an investor, CDP is exposed to counterparties which, in many cases, require 
certain Public Entities, such as the Italian State and its Ministries, to carry out certain 
activities such as approving the renewal of certain agreements and concessions (e.g., 
motorway concessions). Delays in the renewal of such agreements or granting of 
concessions, as well as their revocation or failure to renew them (or the renewal on 
economic terms that are less advantageous or more burdensome compared to the past) 
upon their expiry, may adversely affect CDP’s business.  
Thirdly, CDP has significantly invested in Italian government securities. As of December 31, 
2022, the book value of CDP’s exposure with respect to sovereign Italian risk amounted to 
€64.7 billion, representing 84.6% of CDP’s total exposure on debt securities (of which only 
a share of 13.2% of the Italian government securities is accounted for at fair value through 
other comprehensive income). With respect to such securities, any significant deterioration 
in the spread of the Italian government bonds compared to other European government 
bonds could have a corresponding impact on the value of such assets. In addition, CDP’s 
credit ratings closely reflect the rating of Italy and CDP is therefore exposed to the risk of 
decline in the sovereign credit rating of Italy. Accordingly, on the basis of the methodologies 
used by rating agencies, downgrades of Italy's credit rating may have a consequential effect 
on the credit rating of Italian issuers. Therefore, any future downgrade in public ratings 
assigned to Italy would determine corresponding changes in CDP’s public ratings which 
could adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Finally, as CDP’s main source of funding consists of postal savings, which CDP raises by 
issuing interest-bearing postal savings bonds and passbook savings accounts, that are 
currently distributed by Poste Italiane S.p.A. (“Poste Italiane”), any decision by the MEF to 
amend the provisions which govern the issue and distribution of such postal savings may 
affect CDP’s liquidity resources. See also “Risk factors relating to funding”.

--- Page 25 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 25 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Risk factors relating to funding 
CDP is subject to the risk arising out of the concentration of its sources of funding for its 
activities carried out under the Separate Account System. While such activities may also be 
funded through non postal funding, such as bonds and loans, postal savings remain its main 
source of funding for such activities. As of December 31, 2022, CDP’s stock of postal funding 
amounted to €281 billion and accounted for 76% of its total funding. CDP raises such funds 
by issuing (i) interest-bearing postal savings bonds and (ii) passbook savings accounts. 
Such postal savings may only be used to fund the business activities which fall within the 
scope of the Separate Account System. 
Postal savings bonds and passbook savings accounts are placed exclusively by Poste 
Italiane, pursuant to a distribution agreement, which was renewed on December 24, 2021 
(the “Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement”). The Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement 
has a four-year duration and will expire on December 31, 2024. Any changes made to laws 
and regulations governing or applicable to the collection of postal savings could have a 
material adverse effect on business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Although CDP also raises non postal funding, by accessing the capital markets through bond 
issues and by obtaining loans granted by the European Investment Bank and the Council of 
Europe Development Bank and other supranational institutions, such additional sources of 
funding may not allow CDP to meet its liquidity requirements relating to the activities which 
fall within the scope of the Separate Account System. 
Risks relating to price fluctuations 
The Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (“CDP Group”) hold interests in Italian listed 
and non-listed corporations and investment funds and, therefore, it is subject to the risk that 
the value of such interests may be affected by fluctuations of the relevant shares’ or units’ 
value as well as by fluctuations of the relevant derivatives’ value, if any are present. 
A reduction of the value of such investments could have a material adverse effect on CDP’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition, as described in more detail in the 
“Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry” paragraph below. 
Credit Risk 
One of CDP’s main business activities are its lending activities carried out in favor of Italian 
Public Entities and companies (including the main banking groups operating in Italy), 
hedging activities through derivatives, treasury activities in the context of both the separate 
account system ("Separate Account System") and ordinary account system ("Ordinary 
Account System"). This exposes CDP to the risk of counterparty defaults which are 
generally expected to increase during periods of economic downturn. CDP’s counterparties 
may default on their payment obligations due to, by way of example, bankruptcy, lack of 
liquidity, or operational failure. In addition, CDP is also exposed to the risks arising out of 
loans granted upon the basis of incomplete, false and untruthful information. CDP’s 
counterparties could also be adversely affected by interest rate fluctuations and the 
increased cost of funding.  
The occurrence of counterparty defaults, or even concerns about such defaults, due to, 
among others, the effects of rising inflation, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and 
the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect CDP’s business, results of operations and

--- Page 26 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 26 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
financial condition. In particular, CDP cannot exclude that its counterparties will not be 
negatively affected by the high fuel and energy prices and/or increasing inflation and interest 
rates. See also "Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment". 
Risks connected with interest rate fluctuations 
CDP is subject to potential asset-liability mismatch mainly due to different characteristics, in 
terms of liquidity and interest rate indexation, between lending activities, which is one of 
CDP’s main business activities, and postal saving liabilities, which represent CDP’s main 
source of funding. 
The value and yield of the credits arising out of the loans CDP has granted and the 
exposures connected with raising funding are subject to interest rates fluctuations which, as 
such, are influenced by various parameters not under its control, such as monetary policies, 
macroeconomic and political conditions.  
Fluctuations of interest rates may increase costs faster and more substantially than yields 
on assets, because of, by way of example, a mismatch between maturities, or, for a given 
maturity, between interest rate sensitivities, of assets and liabilities. At the same time, 
decreasing interest rates may result in a lower yield from the assets held by CDP which may 
not be matched by a similar decrease in the cost of funding. In addition, the performances 
of CDP’s portfolio companies may be adversely affected by an increase in interest rates and 
the cost of funding. Increasing interest rates will increase CDP’s cost of funding which CDP’s 
sources from postal savings, banks, customers and bonds (see also "Description of Cassa 
Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A.—Funding"). Although CDP uses derivatives to partially hedge 
CDP’s exposure to interest rate fluctuations, there can be no assurance that this hedging 
activity will be sufficient or effective. The resulting exposure, in particular in the context of 
the current macroeconomic scenario, may affect CDP’s exposures and CDP’s economic 
results. 
The risk to which CDP is subject regarding interest rates is not fully comparable to the one 
in the banking sector, due to the early redemption option in favor of the holders of postal 
savings bonds, which represent its main source of long-term funding. The value of the put 
option and the bondholder's incentive to exercise the option is strongly influenced by interest 
rate levels and trends. Therefore, the increase and decrease in interest rates may adversely 
affect its financial situation and results of operations. 
In addition, postal savings bonds are indexed to consumer prices in Italy and, as a result, 
CDP is also subject to inflation risk. As a consequence of the increasing inflation rate, CDP 
would be required to pay a greater amount of interest to bondholders. Therefore, an increase 
in inflation rate in Italy may adversely affect CDP’s financial situation and results of 
operations. 
CDP is unable to accurately predict future market interest rates, which are affected by many 
factors, including, but not limited to inflation, recession and domestic and international 
disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. See also "Risk Factors— 
Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment". Interest rate fluctuations and 
increased inflation could adversely affect CDP’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Liquidity risk

--- Page 27 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 27 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
CDP may lack the funds needed in the ordinary course of business to fulfil the payment 
obligations when these become due without incurring in any exorbitant costs. Such risk 
arises with respect to both CDP’s ability to collect funds on the market and the difficulty to 
liquidate its own assets. 
The activities that fall within the scope of the Separate Account System are funded through 
postal savings, which represent CDP’s main source of funding. However, CDP’s postal 
savings bonds provide for an early redemption option in favor of holders and the value of 
the put option and the bondholder's incentive to exercise the option is strongly influenced by 
interest rate levels and trends. Although CDP carries out monitoring activities, CDP’s 
systems may not accurately predict postal savings' interest rate levels and trends among 
their holders. 
In order to face issues related to the need of liquidity in the context of the Ordinary Account 
System, CDP raises funds through bond issuances and short-term instruments or obtain 
loans granted by the European Investment Bank and other supranational institutions. 
Moreover, among the procedures adopted to face liquidity risks, CDP has implemented a 
"Contingency Funding Plan" system, which envisages processes and strategies to manage 
liquidity crises, including, in certain cases, the possibility of liquidating portions of CDP’s own 
assets in order to raise funding. 
Our funding through the Separate Account System and the Ordinary Account System, 
CDP’s liquidity could in the future be adversely affected by a number of factors, many of 
which are beyond CDP’s control, such as a general weakening of capital markets, or loss of 
confidence in the capital markets and lending markets, including uncertainties, geopolitical 
tensions and speculation regarding the financial health of market participants. There can be 
no assurances that such concerns will not persist or intensify in the future and continue to 
negatively impact the terms of available financing. 
If CDP is unable to raise liquidity or access financing through the capital markets on 
acceptable terms, or at all, or to obtain loans, CDP may experience difficulties in operating 
its business, which could have a material adverse effect on business, results of operations 
and financial condition. 
Factors outside CDP’s control may affect the implementation of the Strategic Plan. 
In November 2021, CDP announced the approval of the new strategic plan for the three-
year period from 2022 to 2024 (the "2022-2024 Strategic Plan"). The 2022-2024 Strategic 
Plan defines strategic guidelines based on four major global trends: (i) climate change and 
protection of the ecosystem; (ii) inclusive and sustainable growth; (iii) digitalization and 
innovation and (iv) rethinking value chains. For further information, see " see also 
"Description of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A.— CDP Group's 2022 – 2024 Strategic Plan".  
The 2022-2024 Strategic Plan is based on projections and estimates relating to the 
occurrence of future events and regarding the effect of CDP’s initiatives and steps. The main 
assumptions relate to the macroeconomic situation and the interest rates and the market 
quotes relevant for CDP’s business and portfolio companies, which are beyond CDP’s 
control, and to assumptions relating to specific actions and future events in respect of which 
CDP has only limited control, which may not occur or which may evolve differently than 
assumed in CDP’s 2022-2024 Strategic Plan.

--- Page 28 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 28 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Given the subjective nature of the underlying assumptions of CDP’s 2022-2024 Strategic 
Plan, one or more of CDP’s 2022-2024 Strategic Plan's underlying assumptions may prove 
incorrect or events evolve differently than assumed in CDP’s 2022-2024 Strategic Plan 
including because of current or future events affecting CDP’s operations or the external 
circumstances that may not be foreseeable or quantifiable as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Investor should not place any undue reliance on CDP’s 2022-2024 Strategic 
Plan as CDP may not be able to achieve the objectives set forth in CDP’s 2022-2024 
Strategic Plan and the results may differ, including significantly, from the 2022-2024 
Strategic Plan, which could have a material adverse effect on CDP's business, operational 
results and financial condition.  
Any malfunction or defect in or attack on CDP's information and technology ("IT") 
systems could materially impact CDP's ability to operate CDP's business.  
CDP is exposed to the risk that functional problems in its technological and IT architecture 
could cause an interruption in CDP's business, as well as the risk of unauthorised access to 
its IT systems or the possible success of external cyber-attacks. 
Although CDP regularly maintain and update its IT systems and are equipped with system 
protection solutions, any problems associated with inefficient maintenance, a failure or delay 
in updating CDP’s IT systems, any unauthorised access to CDP’s computer systems or a 
successful external cyber-attack (including through email fraud or otherwise), could have a 
material adverse effect on CDP’s business, results of operation and financial condition. 
CDP’s reputation could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of 
operations and financial conditions.  
CDP is the Italian National Promotional Institution and Development Finance Institution and 
operate in an industry where integrity, trust and confidence are paramount. Given its 
institutional role CDP is exposed to the risk that a fall in profits, loss of economic value or 
the occurrence of similar events could damage its reputation. 
In particular, CDP is exposed to the risk that litigation, employee fraud and other misconduct, 
operational failures, cyber-attacks, breaches of confidential information, press speculation, 
negative publicity and other events or accusations, whether or not founded, could damage 
its reputation. 
CDP Equity S.p.A. ("CDP Equity") underwrites commitments toward investment funds, 
focused on a wide range of asset classes (mainly private equity, private debt and venture 
capital funds) and holds relevant stakes in three management companies (SGR - Società di 
gestione del risparmio). If any of such companies were to be sanctioned, or anyway 
impacted from a reputational standpoint as a result of any circumstances connected to its 
operations, CDP’s reputation could be affected because of the stakes it owns in the 
management companies. 
Any damage to CDP’s reputation could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, 
may adversely affect CDP’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
CDP is subject to laws and regulations enacted by supranational and national governments 
and institutions, such as the Banking Act, as CDP is subject to the Bank of Italy's supervision,

--- Page 29 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 29 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
and laws relating to its corporate purpose and main corporate activities, such as lending 
activities, as CDP must comply with a specific set of rules which regulate the activities that 
fall within the Separate Account. In particular, MEF has the power to determine the general 
policies of the Separate Account System and to issue decrees to, among other things, 
determine the criteria for the definition of the general economic terms of the demand of 
passbook savings accounts, postal savings bonds, other securities and financial 
transactions guaranteed by the Republic of Italy. For further information, see "Regulation". 
CDP cannot predict the timing or form of any future regulatory or law change. Compliance 
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming 
and costly. Any change to laws and regulations, as well as its interpretation and application, 
could have a material adverse effect on CDP’s funding and business activities and therefore 
on CDP’s business, results of operations and financial condition.  
Fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on CDP’s 
investment portfolio, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on CDP’s 
business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
Certain activities CDP performs may generate exchange rate risk. In particular, the activities 
that can affect CDP's exposure are principally associated with its export finance activities 
(usually denominated in U.S. dollars) and to a lesser extent to equity investments outside of 
Italy. 
Adverse changes in foreign exchange rates, in particular with respect to the exchange rate 
between the Euro and U.S. dollars, could have an adverse effect on business, results of 
operations and financial condition.  
 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
 
Risk factors arising out of shareholdings 
CDP’s net economic value, profitability or net equity could be adversely affected by variables 
related to its portfolio companies.  
CDP’s net economic value, profitability or net equity could be adversely affected by variables 
related to equities and shareholdings of CDP’s portfolio companies and, in particular, by the 
market price of such securities and shares and related derivatives, or by changes in the 
present and prospective profitability of the investment in such securities and shares and 
related derivatives, which depend, among other things, on dividends from time to time 
approved by the relevant companies and investment funds in which CDP holds shares. 
A decrease in the value of CDP’s portfolio companies could have a material adverse effect 
on CDP’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risk factors arising out of companies forming part of the CDP Group 
CDP holds shares in investment funds and public and closely held Italian companies that 
manage key infrastructures or assets or operate in national strategic sectors. In particular, 
CDP has direct participations in companies such as Eni S.p.A. (26.2% stake as of 31 
December 2022, which represents almost 45% of CDP’s entire shareholdings' portfolio in 
terms of book value) and Poste Italiane (35.0% stake as of 31 December 2022).

--- Page 30 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 30 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Furthermore, CDP indirectly holds through CDP Equity, which is fully owned by CDP, a 
number of participations such as those in Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A. (44.9% stake as of 
31 December 2022), Open Fiber S.p.A. (60.0% stake as of 31 December 2022), Fincantieri 
S.p.A. (71.3% stake as of 31 December 2022), Saipem S.p.A. (12.8% stake as of 31 
December 2022) and Ansaldo Energia S.p.A. (88.3% stake as of 31 December 2022). In 
addition, CDP indirectly holds through CDP Reti S.p.A. (in which CDP has a 59.1% stake) 
several participations in companies such as Snam S.p.A. (31.4% stake as of 31 December 
2022) and Terna S.p.A. (29.9% stake as of 31 December 2022). Such portfolio companies 
are relevant because either (i) they are subject to CDP’s management and coordination or 
(ii) because of the amount of capital CDP has invested in them (the "Significant Portfolio 
Companies").  
CDP is subject to the same risks to which its portfolio companies are subject to, such as (i) 
market risks; (ii) liquidity risks; (iii) credit risks; (iv) operational risks (including cyber-security 
and IT) and regulatory risks; (v) counterparty risks and (vi) risks arising out of legal disputes, 
legal proceedings, including investigations by the relevant agencies/authorities (see also " 
Description of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. – Legal Proceedings") and (v) climate change 
risk (see also paragraph “Disclosure on the impacts of climate related matters” under the 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of CDP for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022). The occurrence of any events which affect the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of CDP’s portfolio companies could determine a decrease 
in dividend payments/contributions from such portfolio companies, a fall in the price of CDP’s 
listed equity investments and a possible drop in the value of CDP’s overall portfolio. A 
decrease in the value of CDP’s portfolio companies could adversely affect CDP’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
The following paragraphs set out the main risks arising from CDP’s Significant Portfolio 
Companies, which include risks related to the applicable sectorial regulations, including on 
foreign investments: 
Eni S.p.A. 
 
Eni S.p.A. ("Eni") is active in the fields of oil, natural gas, chemicals, biochemicals, 
production and marketing of electricity from fossil fuels, cogeneration and renewable 
sources. 
Eni is exposed, among others, to the following risks, on top of market-standard operational 
risks: (i) market risk related to (a) high country risk since a significant amount of hydrocarbon 
reserves and of its long-term gas supplies come from non-OECD countries. Eni and its 
subsidiaries is therefore exposed to the risk of possible negative developments in the 
political, social and macroeconomic environment that could result in destabilizing events 
with repercussions on the contraction of economic activity, financial difficulties for local 
governments and difficulties in accessing hydrocarbon reserves and gas supplies, (b) high 
cyclicality related to oil and gas price trends; (ii) regulatory risk, due to the fact that the group 
operates in a highly regulated sector, which entails a strong interrelation between the 
regulator's choices and Eni's revenues. Specifically, the Italian Electricity Gas and Water 
System Authority (AEEGSI) carries out the function of monitoring natural gas price levels 
and defines the economic conditions for the supply of gas to customers. Such authority's 
decisions in this matter may limit the ability of gas operators to reflect in the final price to

--- Page 31 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 31 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
customers increases in the cost of raw materials. In addition, Eni is exposed to risks related 
to the issuance and revocation of permits, concessions and administrative authorizations for 
the development, construction and operation of plants and for the performance of certain 
regulated activities; (iii) exchange rate risk, especially between the Euro and the U.S. dollar, 
both regarding procurement and sales and (iv) ESG risks related to Eni's business model 
which is strongly dependent on fossil fuels. In addition, Eni operates in a sector that is highly 
exposed to the risk of potential fraudulent phenomena (e.g., corruption and money 
laundering), also given the nature of its operations in certain countries with geo-political 
instability issues and/or which can be considered as high-risk from an anti-bribery and anti-
corruption standpoint. 
Poste Italiane 
 
Poste Italiane is the largest service infrastructure in Italy, active in postal, logistics, financial 
and insurance services.  
Poste Italiane is exposed to the following risks: (i) market risk related to high competition 
that characterises the financial, insurance and shipping sectors; (ii) price risk, especially for 
financial assets held for trading; (iii) interest rate risk due to the large investments in fixed-
income securities and (iv) spread risk, related to the volumes of government bonds on its 
balance sheet assets. 
CDP Equity 
 
CDP Equity's main activity is the acquisition of stakes in companies that have a relevant 
national interest for the Italian economy.  
The risks CDP Equity is exposed to are mainly related to the economic and financial 
performance of the companies and funds it has invested in. Negative outcomes or trends 
affecting one or more of such companies and funds could result in negative impacts over 
CDP Equity's balance sheet, according to the size and the relevance of the exposure, also 
in terms of the distributed dividends. 
Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A. 
 
Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A. ("Autostrade per l'Italia" or "ASPI"), on the basis of its financial 
statements as at 31 December 2022 and the relevant information disclosed, as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, on https://www.autostrade.it/it/home, is one of Europe's leading 
concessionaries for the construction and management of toll motorways, with around 3,000 
km of road network managed in Italy. 
ASPI is exposed to, among others, the following risks: (i) operational and legal risk related 
to the current state of the road infrastructure and pending litigations, also in relation to the 
collapse of the Polcevera bridge in Genova occurred in August 2018; (ii) concentration risk 
mainly related to the low geographic diversification; (iii) regulatory risk due to the fact that it 
operates in a regulated industry with limited visibility of future regulatory changes (including 
the risk that ASPI's time-limited concessions may be revoked, may not be renewed following 
their expiry or could be renewed on economic terms that are less advantageous or more

--- Page 32 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 32 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
burdensome) and (iv) financial risk mainly related to the risk of downgrading by rating 
agencies, thus limiting the possibility of securing long-term resources to meet both its 
investment needs and financial liabilities, and the risk of covenant violation. 
Open Fiber S.p.A. 
 
Open Fiber S.p.A. ("Open Fiber") has been set up to implement an ultra-broadband network 
infrastructure in fiber optic FTTH (Fiber To The Home) in all Italian regions, through a 
"wholesale only" business model in order to guarantee free access to all interested 
operators, on equal terms, providing end users with a wide choice. Open Fiber's operations 
rely on time-limited government concessions, which may be revoked, may not be renewed 
following their expiry or could be renewed on economic terms that are less advantageous 
or more burdensome for Open Fiber. 
Open Fiber is exposed to, among others, the following risks, on top of market-standard 
operational risks: (i) financial risk due to significant additional financial resources needed to 
implement its new business plan, which will require a mix of new resources from both 
shareholders and banks; (ii) execution risk mainly related to delays in capital expenditure 
due to the scarce availability of manpower compared to the large amount of work to be 
carried out for activities related to the placement of the network and the negative impact 
from the large amount of activities required to be carried out in connection with 
authorizations for excavations in white areas (i.e., areas which require Government stimulus 
due to market failures).  
Fincantieri S.p.A. 
 
Fincantieri S.p.A. ("Fincantieri") and its subsidiaries (the "Fincantieri Group") is one of the 
world's largest shipbuilding groups. It is a leader in cruise ship design and construction and 
a reference player in all high-tech shipbuilding industry sectors, from naval to offshore 
vessels, from high-complexity special vessels and ferries to mega-yachts, ship repairs and 
conversions, systems and components production and aftersales services. The 
performance of the Fincantieri Group is strongly dependent on changes in clients' orders 
and business performances. The shipbuilding industry, in which Fincantieri operates, has 
historically been characterised by cyclical performance, responding to trends in its reference 
markets. 
Moreover, the Fincantieri Group is also subject to (i) risks connected to operational 
complexity related to managing orders and outsourcing production; (ii) compliance risks; (iii) 
risks connected to exchange rate changes, (iv) risks connected to existing debt; (v) 
compliance with safe and health safety regulations; and (vi) risks associated with 
maintaining levels of competitiveness in the reference markets. Furthermore, Fincantieri is 
exposed to credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk, with specific regard to fluctuations in oil 
prices, given its exposure to the energy equipment sector through its subsidiary Vard Group 
AS, as well as in the prices of the main raw materials used, including but not limited to steel 
and copper, on top of market-standard operational risks. 
Saipem S.p.A.

--- Page 33 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 33 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Saipem S.p.A. ("Saipem") is an advanced technological and engineering platform for the 
design, construction and operation of complex, safe and sustainable infrastructures and 
plants. 
Saipem is exposed to, among others, the following risks: (i) operational and legal risks due 
to the nature of Saipem's operating industries and underlying activities that frequently 
involve the management of operational complexities (including in connection with Saipem's 
ability to obtain and maintain all licenses, permits, or other authorizations required to operate 
its business); in addition, Saipem operates in a sector that is highly exposed to the risk of 
potential fraudulent phenomena (e.g., corruption and money laundering), given the nature 
and amounts of the orders and its operations in certain countries with geo-political instability 
issues and/or which can be considered as high-risk from an anti-bribery and anti-corruption 
standpoint; (ii) technological risk, since Saipem's operating sectors are characterised by the 
continuous evolution of the technologies, assets, patents and licenses used. Therefore, 
there is a risk that some competitors could develop and implement innovative technological 
evolutions of various nature that could weaken Saipem's competitive position; (iii) market 
risk, due to the volatility of commodity prices and possible slowdown in global industry 
growth and demand for oil and gas resulting in slower investment decisions by oil 
companies. 
Ansaldo Energia S.p.A. 
 
Ansaldo Energia S.p.A. (“Ansaldo Energia”) and its subsidiaries (the "Ansaldo Energia 
Group"), on the basis of the relevant information disclosed, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, on https://www.ansaldoenergia.com/it/, is a leading international player in the 
power generation industry and is exposed to several business and financial risks associated 
to its operations. 
In particular, the Ansaldo Energia Group is exposed to a number of operational and business 
risks, such as, among others, the risk that the current macroeconomic conditions could affect 
its profitability and ability to generate cash. In addition, the Ansaldo Energia Group is also 
exposed to liability risks vis-à-vis customers or third parties in connection with the correct 
execution of contracts, which it tries to counterbalance by stipulating insurance policies. 
However, in certain cases, damages may exceed the insurances' coverage. In addition, the 
Ansaldo Energia Group may also face an increase in insurance premiums. 
The financial risks to which the Ansaldo Energia Group is exposed are (i) liquidity risks; (ii) 
market risks (also as a result of changes in the energy regulatory framework) and (iii) credit 
risks.  
CDP Reti S.p.A. 
 
CDP Reti S.p.A. ("CDP Reti") is an investment vehicle which owns and manages 
participations in Terna S.p.A., Italgas S.p.A. and Snam S.p.A. 
The risks which CDP Reti is exposed to are related to the economic and financial 
performance of the companies it has a stake in. Negative outcomes or trends affecting one 
or more of such companies could result in negative impacts over CDP Reti's balance sheet, 
according to the size and the relevance of the exposure, also in terms of the distributed 
dividends.

--- Page 34 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 34 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Terna S.p.A. 
 
Terna S.p.A. (“Terna”) and its subsidiaries (the "Terna Group") manage, maintain and 
develop the Italian high-voltage electricity grid and manage the electricity flows on the grid 
at any time. In the course of its operations, the Terna Group is exposed to a variety of 
operational and financial risks: (i) market risk, which comprises three forms of risk, namely 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and inflation risk; (ii) liquidity risk and (iii) credit risk 
(mainly due to Terna Group's trade receivables and financial investments). In addition, the 
Terna Group's operations rely on time-limited government concessions, which may be 
revoked, may not be renewed following their expiry or could be renewed on economic terms 
that are less advantageous or more burdensome for the Terna Group. 
The exposure of the Terna Group as a whole to the aforementioned risks is substantially 
represented by the exposure of Terna itself, the company which carries out most of the 
operational activities of the Terna Group.  
Snam S.p.A. 
 
Snam S.p.A. (“Snam”) and its subsidiaries (the "Snam Group"), on the basis of its financial 
statements as at 31 December 2022 and the relevant information disclosed, as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, on https://www.snam.it/it/home.html, is a leading Italian operator in 
natural gas transport and storage and is exposed to financial and non-financial risks, 
namely, (i) strategic risks; (ii) legal and non-compliance risk and (iii) operational risks. 
In particular, due to the specific nature of the business sector in which the Snam Group 
operates, it is exposed to the risk of changes to the reference regulatory framework, which 
may have a significant impact on operations, earnings and financial stability. Considering 
the specific nature of its business and the area in which the Snam Group operates, 
developments in the regulatory context with regard to criteria for determining applicable 
tariffs are particularly significant. In addition, Snam's operations rely on time-limited 
government concessions, which may be revoked, may not be renewed following their expiry 
or could be renewed on economic terms that are less advantageous or more burdensome 
for Snam. 
Moreover, the Snam Group is also exposed to the risk of political, social and economic 
instability in natural gas supplying countries. Most of the natural gas transported on the 
Italian national transport network is imported from or transits through countries in the Middle 
East and North Africa and Russia, Ukraine, Azerbaijan and Georgia. The import of natural 
gas from such countries, or its transit through them, is subject to a wide range of risks, 
including: armed conflict (see "Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment"), 
terrorism and general crime, changing levels of political and institutional stability, social-
economic and ethnic-sectarian tensions, social unrest and protests, inadequate legislation 
on insolvency and creditor protection, ceilings placed on investments and on the import and 
export of goods and services, introduction of and hikes in taxes and excise duties, forced 
contract renegotiation, nationalization of assets, changes in commercial policies and 
monetary restrictions. 
A failure in the supply or transport of natural gas from or through the above-mentioned 
countries, due to the occurrence of the aforesaid adverse conditions, may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, performance and financial position of the Snam Group. In

--- Page 35 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 35 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
addition, the Snam Group is exposed to macroeconomic and geo-political risks and to 
tensions in financial markets or situations deriving from external events, which could affect 
liquidity and accessibility to financial markets. 
Operational Risk 
CDP is subject to operational risk, and such risk may originate from, among other things: 
the risk of losses resulting from internal or external fraud, human error, employment 
relationships and workplace safety, business disruption, system unavailability, breach of 
contracts, process management, damage to company assets, malicious software/cyber-
attacks, natural disasters and risk of loss resulting from the breach of law and regulations, 
contractual or non-contractual liability and further disputes or investigations by the relevant 
agencies or authorities. 
If any of these operational risks were to occur, they could result in, amongst others, direct 
financial losses, indirect financial losses appearing as operating inefficiencies, penalties, 
and damage to CDP’s reputation. Such operational risk can also directly impact CDP’s ability 
to manage other key risks.  
The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned events could adversely affect CDP’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risk relating to quasi-criminal liability of entities and any proceedings arising 
thereunder could materially affect financial position of the Issuer 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of June 8, 2001, as amended ("Decree No. 231") provides 
for quasi-criminal liability of companies for crimes committed in their interest or to their 
advantage by individuals who have a functional relationship with such corporate entities, 
such as employees, directors and representatives. In certain cases, the said quasi-criminal 
liability may arise on the parent company also in connection with crimes committed by 
individuals who have a functional relationship with its portfolio companies. Crimes which 
could trigger a corporate entity’s quasi-criminal liability pursuant to Decree No. 231 include, 
among others, those committed when dealing with public administrations (including bribery, 
misappropriation of public contributions and fraud to the detriment of the state), corporate 
crimes and commercial bribery, tax fraud, environmental crimes and crimes of manslaughter 
or serious injury in violation of provisions on health and safety at the workplace. 
Decree No. 231 allows Italian corporate entities to implement compliance procedures to 
defend themselves against the administrative liability that may attach to them under Decree 
No. 231, through the adoption of an organizational, management and control model ("OMC") 
and the appointment of an independent officer or body to supervise such OMC. The Board 
of Statutory Auditors of CDP and of some of its subsidiaries are entrusted with supervisory 
board functions in accordance with Decree No. 231 (for further information, see "Description 
of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A.— CDP Administrative, Management and Supervisory 
Bodies"). Other subsidiaries, on the other hand, have appointed separate corporate bodies 
entrusting them with supervisory board functions. The adoption of an OMC model by a 
company and the appointment of a supervisory body do not preclude the application of 
sanctions under Decree No. 231, and failure to update these OMC models increases the 
risk that quasi-criminal liability under Decree No. 231 may attach.  
If a crime subject to Decree No. 231 is committed or is attempted to be committed, the

--- Page 36 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 36 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
relevant company may incur the following sanctions: (i) pecuniary sanction; (ii) 
disqualification sanctions (which may consist in: (a) disqualification from exercising business 
activity; (b) suspension or revocation of authorizations, licenses or concessions which were 
functional to the commission of the offence (c) prohibition to contract with the public 
administration, except to obtain the performance of a public service; (d) exclusion from 
concessions, loans, contributions or subsidies and the possible revocation of those already 
granted; (e) ban on advertising goods or services); (iii) confiscation of the price or proceeds 
of the offence and (iv) the publication of the conviction. Disqualification sanctions have the 
characteristic of limiting or conditioning the social activity and, in the most serious cases, 
even of paralyzing the company (e.g., interdiction from the exercise of the business activity); 
they also have the purpose of preventing behaviors connected to the commission of crimes. 
Disqualification sanctions can be applied only for the serious offences described in article 
16 of Decree No. 231. Moreover, the above-mentioned sanctions apply, in the cases 
expressly provided for by Decree No. 231, when at least one of the following conditions is 
satisfied: (i) the relevant company obtained a significant profit from the crime and the crime 
was committed by persons in senior positions or by persons subject to the management of 
others and, in this case, the commission of the crime was determined or facilitated by serious 
organizational shortcomings and (ii) in the event of repetition of the offences. 
Decree No. 231 also establishes, as an alternative to the disqualification sanction consisting 
in the interruption of the relevant company's business activity, the appointment by a judge 
of a judicial commissioner who allows the continuation of the business activity for a period 
equal to the duration of the disqualification penalty applied, when at least one of the following 
conditions is satisfied: (i) the entity performs a public service or a service of public necessity 
the interruption of which could cause serious harm; (ii) taking into account the size and the 
economic conditions of the territory in which it is located, the interruption of the relevant 
company's activity could cause significant repercussions on employment levels. 
Finally, the public prosecutor may request the precautionary application of one of the 
disqualification sanctions provided for by Decree No. 231 in cases where, amongst the 
various requirements expressly provided for by the law, there are serious indications for 
deeming the existence of the liability of the entity and there are well-founded and specific 
elements which lead to believe that there is a concrete danger that offences of the same 
nature as the one for which the proceeding will be committed. 
A quasi-criminal proceeding relating to alleged crimes subject to Decree No. 231, even if 
ultimately CDP is discharged in such proceeding, could be costly and could divert 
management’s attention away from other aspects of CDP’s business. Any such proceedings 
may also cause adverse publicity and reputational harm, which could have a material 
adverse effect on CDP’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks related to data protection 
In the ordinary course of business, CDP Group processes personally identifiable information 
on customers, business partners, employees, third parties and others (including name, 
address, age, bank details and personal sensitive information) and, therefore, CDP Group 
must comply with strict data protection and privacy laws and regulations, including the 
provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of April 27, 2016 ("General Data Protection 
Regulation" or "GDPR") and the Italian Privacy Code (Legislative Decree No. 196/2003, as 
amended by Legislative Decree No. 101/2018, which adapted Italian rules to GDPR).

--- Page 37 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 37 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
The GDPR, inter alia, provides for significant applicable maximum fines, up to the higher of 
(i) €20 million or (ii) 4% of annual global turnover per breach and the Legislative Decree No. 
196/2003 provides for, inter alia, certain criminal sanctions. Any failure in complying with the 
applicable data protection and privacy regulatory framework could have a material adverse 
effect on CDP Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In 
addition, compliance with such laws and regulations may require CDP Group to incur 
significant costs to make necessary systems changes and implement new administrative 
processes. 
 
3. Risk factors relating to the Notes 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing, and 
(3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes currently 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely 
distributed and for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of 
any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series 
with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial 
issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application has been made to be admitted to 
the Official List and traded on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance 
that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as 
to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Limited rights of individual Noteholders 
The protection and exercise of the Noteholders' rights against the Issuer is one of the duties 
of the Representative of the Noteholders. The Conditions limit the ability of individual 
Noteholders to commence proceedings against the Issuer by conditioning the ability of any 
Noteholder to commence any such individual actions to the prior approval of a Meeting of 
all Series of Noteholders and failure by the Representative of the Noteholders to take such 
actions within a reasonable period of time. 
Early Redemption of the Notes for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of 
any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political

--- Page 38 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 38 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may 
redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
No physical document of title issued in respect of the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be in dematerialised form and evidenced at any time 
through book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 and in 
accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. In no circumstance would physical 
documents of title be issued in respect of the Notes. While the Notes are represented by 
book entries, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli 
and the authorised financial intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers 
with Monte Titoli. As the Notes are held in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors 
will have to rely on the procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial intermediaries authorised 
to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Noteholders' rights to receive payment in respect of the Notes will concur with the 
rights of all CDP’s existing creditors, including those that benefit from a guarantee 
by the Republic of Italy 
As of December 31, 2022 CDP’s total gross financial debt, intended as total funding, 
amounted to €371 billion of which €281 billion consists in postal savings bonds and 
passbook savings accounts, which are guaranteed by the Republic of Italy. However, the 
Notes will not have the benefit of such guarantee. Therefore, the right to receive payments 
of interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes will concur with the 
rights of all CDP’s existing creditors, which are ranked at the same level of the holders of 
the Notes. See also "Risk Factors—Risk factors relating to the Notes" below. 
Noteholders will not have recourse to any assets that are segregated 
No security interest has been created for the benefit of the holders of the Notes for their 
claims under the Notes, nor will any guarantee be issued by the Republic of Italy in favor of 
the Noteholders. Consequently, CDP will meet its payment obligations under the Notes 
primarily through the result of its business activities. Any adverse effect on its business 
activities or its ability to generate sufficient revenues may have a material adverse effect on 
its business, results of operations and financial condition and consequently on its ability to 
meet its payment obligations under the Notes. 
Noteholders will have access to all of CDP’s assets to satisfy their claims under the Notes. 
CDP may segregate any of its assets, in whole or in part, in favor of the holders of asset-
backed securities or in favor of other lenders. As a result of such segregation, the assets 
may be used to satisfy the claims only of the holders of asset-backed securities or other 
lenders identified by CDP and constitute separate assets in all respects from all CDP’s other 
assets until final discharge of their rights against it. The segregation of assets carried out by 
CDP is not subject to any of the limits that are provided for by the Italian laws applicable to 
other Italian companies. 
Accordingly, Noteholders will not have recourse to any assets that are segregated by law to 
satisfy amounts due to them under the Notes. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer

--- Page 39 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 39 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate (a 
"Relevant Factor"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be very volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time; 
(iv) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(v) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than 
one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant 
Factor on principal or interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(vi) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier 
the change in the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
Furthermore, with regard to Floating Rate Notes, where the reference rate used to calculate 
the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest rate will be below the margin, if any, 
or may be zero. Accordingly, where the rate of interest is equal to zero, the holders of such 
Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest 
periods, it being understood that under no circumstances shall the Rate of Interest (as 
defined in the Conditions) be less than zero. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in 
the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of 
rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national 
and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.

--- Page 40 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 40 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have 
the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other 
proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain 
"benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central 
Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification 
and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to 
current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new 
Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was 
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been 
reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further 
reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 6.13 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) or Condition 6.6 (Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR), or result in 
adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating 
Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that 
is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to 
such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant 
Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the 
Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR, and any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service) becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or 
any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by 
reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
successor rate or an alternative rate, with or without an adjustment spread and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of relevant Noteholders) to ensure the proper operation of the successor 
or replacement benchmark, all as determined by an independent adviser. An adjustment

--- Page 41 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 41 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
spread, if applied could be positive, negative, or zero, and would be applied with a view to 
reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of a benchmark. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment spread 
and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce 
or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no adjustment spread can be determined, a 
successor rate or alternative rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. 
The use of a successor rate or alternative rate (including with the application of an 
adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they 
would if the benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
independent advisor or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
successor rate or an alternative rate, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of 
the rate of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor 
rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an independent adviser, there is a risk 
that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the 
setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to 
meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment 
about the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA"), and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), as reference rates for 
Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation 
and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be 
adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference 
risk-free rates issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes 
referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, or the SOFR Compounded 
Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any 
previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for 
the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could

--- Page 42 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 42 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under 
this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how 
any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and 
derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they 
may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing 
such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used 
in risk-free rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular 
methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, 
will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants and relevant 
working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, 
including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to 
measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a 
designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. 
If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the 
trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes 
referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect 
to any Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, or any related indices. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects and have a 
limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other 
inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) 
being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average 
basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank 
offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured 
and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware 
that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest 
reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an 
unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable 
benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. 
For that reason, future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their 
limited historical performance. The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear 
little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of 
market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the 
future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future 
performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data.

--- Page 43 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 43 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only 
capable of being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may 
be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable 
or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank 
offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a 
result of an Event of Default under Condition 12 (Events of Default), or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest 
Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened 
period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or 
are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value 
of SONIA or SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator 
of SONIA or SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value 
of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or 
SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the administrator 
may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which 
case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The 
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR. 
Partly paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. 
Failure to pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of his 
investment. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the value of Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions 
if Noteholder's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the "Noteholder's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that there may be a material change in the exchange rate between the Specified Currency 
and the Noteholder's Currency or that a modification of exchange controls by the applicable 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Noteholder's Currency will be imposed. The Issuer has 
no control over the factors that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and 
political events and the supply and demand for the applicable currencies. Moreover, if

--- Page 44 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 44 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
payments on the Notes are determined by reference to a formula containing a multiplier or 
leverage factor, the effect of any change in the exchange rates between the applicable 
currencies will be magnified. In recent years, exchange rates between certain currencies 
have been volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other currencies may be 
expected in the future. An appreciation in the value of the Noteholder's Currency relative to 
the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Noteholder's Currency equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (ii) the Noteholder's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (iii) the Noteholder's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and 
monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The Representative of the Noteholders may agree to modifications and waivers 
without convening a meeting of the Noteholders 
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of Noteholders, the Representative of the Noteholders 
for each Series of Notes may, without the consent of the Noteholders of such Series and 
without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to certain amendments to, or 
modifications of, or waivers or authorisations of any breach of the Conditions of the relevant 
Series of Notes. Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be 
binding upon the Noteholders and, unless the Representative of the Noteholders determines 
otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as possible thereafter. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interests 
of Noteholders 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes 
under the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an 
international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide 
range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a 
Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to 
manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
Issues of further Series and interests of Noteholders 
Under the Programme, CDP may create and issue new Series of Notes without the consent 
of the existing Noteholders to raise funds to finance general funding purposes of the Issuer. 
Both prior to and following the occurrence of an Event of Default, all Notes will rank pari 
passu among themselves. Circumstances could potentially arise in which the interests of 
the holders of different Series of Notes could differ.

--- Page 45 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 45 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Rating 
The Programme is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P"), BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited Sede Secondaria Italiana 
("Fitch Ratings") and BBB+ by Scope Ratings GmbH ("Scope"). Each of S&P, Fitch 
Ratings and Scope is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), and is included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation. The 
rating S&P has given the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom and registered under 
the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating assigned 
by Fitch Ratings is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, established in the United Kingdom and 
registered by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) in accordance with the Credit Rating 
Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. Scope Ratings UK Limited, 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, is an 
“endorsing CRA” of Credit Ratings issued by Scope Ratings GmbH. As such, the rating 
Scope has attributed the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by Scope 
Ratings UK Ltd. Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated 
and, where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Programme. The rating may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and the other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. In addition, if the status of any rating agency rating 
the Notes changes, European and UK regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This 
may result in European and UK regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the 
value of the Notes and any secondary market. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could 
adversely affect the trading price for the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Tranche of Notes will 
be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.

--- Page 46 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 46 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds" or "Social Bonds" or “Sustainability Bonds” 
may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets 
or social assets or sustainable assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme 
described as "green bonds" ("Green Bonds"), "social bonds" ("Social Bonds") and 
“sustainability bonds” (“Sustainability Bonds”) in accordance with the principles set out by 
the ICMA (respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles 
("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (“SBG”)). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at 
"Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds" in the applicable Final 
Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose 
of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem 
necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own 
circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use 
of such proceeds for the funding of any green project or social project or sustainable project, 
as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates. In the event that the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular in regard with regard to any direct or indirect 
sustainable impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any sustainability 
reports. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission 
to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of the Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
Furthermore, the Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy Regulation"), tasks the European 
Commission with establishing the actual list of environmentally sustainable activities by 
defining technical screening criteria for each of the six environmental objectives through 
delegated acts. A first delegated act on sustainable activities for the first two objectives (i.e., 
climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation) was formally adopted on 4 June 
2021 for scrutiny by the colegislators, after a political agreement reached within the 
European Commission. On 9 December 2021, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2139 concerning the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under 
which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change 
mitigation or climate change adaptation was published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union. With respect to the remaining environmental objectives, a second delegated act is 
expected to be published in 2023. In addition, on 6 July 2021 the European Commission 
adopted the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 supplementing Article 8 of 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation which was published on 10 December 2021 in the Official

--- Page 47 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 47 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Journal of the European Union, aimed at specifying the content, methodology and 
presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and non-financial undertakings 
concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activities in their 
business, investments or lending activities. On 9 March 2022, the European Commission 
adopted a complementary climate delegated act including, under strict conditions, specific 
nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation, published in the Official Journal on 15 July 2022 and which will apply 
as of January 2023.  
Furthermore, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable 
finance published its final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the “EU 
Green Bond Standard”). On 6 July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a 
legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) 
allocation of the funds raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation; (ii) full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; 
(iii) monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) 
registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and subjection to its supervision.  
Furthermore, on 6 April 2022 the European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical 
Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation”) which apply from 1 January 2023.  
Furthermore, on 25 July 2022 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1288, 
supplementing the SFDR with regard to RTS specifying the details of the content and 
presentation of the information in relation to the principle of "do no significant harm", 
specifying the content, methodologies and presentation of information in relation to 
sustainability indicators and adverse sustainability impacts, and the content and 
presentation of the information in relation to the promotion of environmental or social 
characteristics and sustainable investment objectives in pre-contractual documents, on 
websites and in periodic reports (“SFDR RTS”), was published in the Official Journal. The 
new RTS apply from 1 January 2023. On 31 October 2022 the European Commission 
adopted a Delegated Regulation and Annexes amending and correcting the standards laid 
down in the SFDR RTS to ensure investors receive information reflecting provisions set out 
in the Taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act. The Delegated Regulation states 
that it will come into force on the third day after publication in the Official Journal. The 
Delegated Regulation has been published in the Official Journal on 17 February 2023. 
 
Notwithstanding the current legislative efforts on EU level regarding the regulation of 
sustainable finance it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively 
a "green" or a "social" or a “sustainable” project or as to what precise attributes are required 
for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "social" or “sustainable” or such other 
equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any 
green or social or sustainable project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the 
Notes are to be applied will meet the investor expectations regarding such "green" or "social" 
or “sustainable” performance objectives.

--- Page 48 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 48 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any 
Notes issued as Social Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, 
the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the 
green, social or sustainable projects, as the case may be, will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be 
any assurance that such green, social or sustainable projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer, including a failure to comply with its 
reporting obligations in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as 
applicable, will not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. 
The net proceeds of the issue of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
which, from time to time, are not allocated as funding for green, social or sustainable 
projects, as the case may be, are intended by the Issuer to be held pending allocation 
pursuant to the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. The Issuer does not 
undertake to ensure that there are at any time green, social or sustainable projects, as the 
case may be, to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in full. 
Any failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to 
meet investor expectations or requirements as to their "green", "sustainable", "social" or 
equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply proceeds for green, social or 
sustainable projects, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a so-called Second Party 
Opinion (as defined below), other third party opinion or certification, the Notes ceasing to be 
listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid or the failure by the Issuer to report on the use of proceeds as anticipated, may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences 
may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate).  
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other 
opinion or certification of any third party relating to any Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds. 
It should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability 
consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or 
social and/or sustainable project, as the case may be, have been defined in accordance with 
the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social and sustainable projects set out in the 
GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the 
Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social 
projects (any such second-party opinion, a "Second Party Opinion"). A Second Party 
Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, 
additional risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding to the net 
proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A 
Second Party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the

--- Page 49 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 49 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
relevant Green Bonds or Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as 
of the date it is released. A withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion may affect the value of 
such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. 
In addition, no Dealer is responsible for (i) any assessment of the eligibility criteria attached 
to such green or social or sustainable project, (ii) any verification of whether the green or 
social or sustainable project meets the eligibility criteria set out in the Issuer's relevant bond 
framework, or (iii) the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are not linked to 
the performance of the eligible green, social and sustainable projects, do not benefit 
from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual 
rights derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of such Notes 
The performance of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds is not linked to 
the performance of the relevant eligible green, social and sustainable projects or the 
performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be 
no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and the eligible green, social and sustainable projects. For the 
avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest and the operation of any other 
features (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant eligible green project, eligible 
social project or eligible sustainable project (as the case may be) nor have any preferred or 
any other right against the green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of 
the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are to be applied.  
The Issuer believes that the risks described above are the principal risks inherent in 
the holding of Notes issued under Programme for holders of the Notes of any Series 
but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or repay principal on the Notes of any 
Series may occur for other reasons. While the various structural elements described 
in this Base Prospectus are intended to lessen some of these risks for holders of 
Notes of any Series, there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient 
or effective to ensure payment to the holders of Notes of any Series of interest or 
principal on such Notes on a timely basis or at all.

--- Page 50 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 50 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes, the necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects 
of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and 
its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under 
the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a 
Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and 
which is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of 
Notes will be contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the 
relevant Final Terms as amended or supplemented to the extent described in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall 
be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 51 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
Article 5 of Italian Law Decree No. 269 of 30 September 2003, as converted with 
amendments into Law No. 326 of 24 November 2003, pursuant to which the Issuer 
has been transformed into a joint stock company, incorporated by reference in its 
entirety; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Law-Decree-no.269-2003-Art.5.PDF  
2. 
the by-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer, incorporated by reference in its entirety; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Statuto_CDP_15-02-2023_EN.pdf   
3. 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022 and the 
audited non-consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022, all as 
included in the 2022 Annual Report; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/RFA_2022_Gruppo_CDP_ENG.pdf  
4. 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2021 and the 
audited non-consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2021, all as 
included in the 2021 Annual Report; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/RFA_2021_Gruppo_CDP_ENG.pdf  
5. 
the previous Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2022 (the "2022 Base Prospectus") 
prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/CDP_Base_Prospectus_12-05-
2022.pdf  
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin and at the following website: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/debt_issuance_programme.page 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the auditor’s report and for the 
notes, the balance sheet, the income statement, the statement of comprehensive income, 
the changes in equity and the cash flow statement, in the Financial Statements above 
mentioned as set out in the Annual Reports published on the Issuer's website (www.cdp.it). 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified 
above which is not included in the cross-reference list in this Base Prospectus is either not 
relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance

--- Page 52 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 52 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 53 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 53 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
2022 Annual Report  
Non-consolidated 
financial statements 
Page 
Reference 
 
Consolidated financial 
statements 
Page 
Reference 
1. Balance sheet 
78-79 
 1. Balance sheet 
272-273 
2. Income statement 
80 
 2. Income statement 
274 
3. Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
81 
 3. Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
275 
4. Changes in equity 
82-83 
 4. Changes in equity 
276-277 
5. Cash 
flow 
statement 
84 
 5. Cash flow statement 
278-279 
6. Notes to annual 
financial 
statements 
85-237; 564 
-  onwards  
 6. Notes 
to 
annual 
financial statements  
280-555 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
Independent 
auditor’s report 
Page 
Reference  
 
Independent auditor’s 
report 
Page 
Reference 
 
 
 
 
 
Auditor’s report 
259-264 
 Auditor’s report 
556-562

--- Page 54 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 54 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
2021 Annual Report 
Non-consolidated 
financial statements 
Page 
Reference 
 
Consolidated financial 
statements 
Page 
Reference 
1. Balance sheet 
96-97 
 1. Balance sheet 
329-330 
2. Income statement 
98 
 2. Income statement 
331 
3. Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
99 
 3. Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
332 
4. Changes in equity 
100-101 
 4. Changes in equity 
333-334 
5. Cash 
flow 
statement 
102 
 5. Cash flow statement 
335-336 
6. Notes to annual 
financial 
statements 
103-292; 
677 -  
onwards 
 6. Notes 
to 
annual 
financial statements 
337-667 
 
 
  
 
Independent 
auditor’s report 
Page 
Reference  
 
Independent auditor’s 
report 
Page 
Reference 
 
 
 
 
 
Auditor’s report 
277-282 
 Auditor’s report 
668-673 
 
 
  
 
2022 Base Prospectus 
 
Page 
Reference 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
48-87 
 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agent (as defined herein), provide, free 
of charge, upon oral or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any document 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). Written or telephone requests for such 
documents should be directed to the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
The non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2022, and the consolidated financial statements of CDP Group for the year ended 31 
December 2022, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
The non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2021, and the consolidated financial statements of CDP Group for the year ended 31 
December 2021, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A.  
The foregoing Financial Statements, which attach those reports, are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The non-consolidated financial statements and the consolidated financial statements 
referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
(IASB), including the SIC and IFRIC interpretations, endorsed by the European Union, as

--- Page 55 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 55 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
provided by Regulation (EC) No. 1606 of 19 July 2002, published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union L. 243 on 11 September 2002. 
To the extent applicable, the non-consolidated financial statements and the consolidated 
financial statements have been prepared on the basis of Circular No. 262 of the Bank of 
Italy of 22 December 2005 as amended, which establishes the mandatory financial 
statements formats and compilation procedures, and also the contents of the notes to the 
financial statements.

--- Page 56 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 56 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the 
Issuer and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 57 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") which, 
subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms will apply 
to each Series of Notes. 
In these Conditions, references to the "holder" of a Note or to "Noteholders" are to the 
beneficial owners of Notes issued in dematerialised form and evidenced in book entry form 
with Monte Titoli S.p.A. pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 and 
in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. No physical document of title will 
be issued in respect of Notes. Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") are intermediaries authorised to 
operate through Monte Titoli S.p.A.. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Programme: Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Debt 
Issuance Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to Euro 
15,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes. Such maximum amount may 
be increased at any time in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement 
(as defined below). 
1.2 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
"Series") comprised of one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes which are 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series and (b) have the same 
terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue. Each Tranche is the subject of the Final Terms 
prepared in relation to such Tranche (each, the "Final Terms") which complete these 
Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Series of Notes are 
these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
1.3 
Agency Agreement: On 17 May 2023, the Issuer has entered into an amended and 
restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Agency Agreement") with BNP Paribas as principal paying agent (the "Principal 
Paying Agent", which expression includes any successor principal paying agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), in relation to certain 
payment services in respect of the Notes. 
1.4 
The Notes: References herein to "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of the 
relevant Series which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the 
relevant Final Terms (where Notes the subject thereof are listed on the Official List of 
the Euronext Dublin) are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Listing Agent, the initial Specified Office 
of which is Walkers Listing Services Limited, 5th Floor, The Exchange, George’s 
Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland. 
1.5 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes are 
bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for

--- Page 58 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 58 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of 
the Paying Agent, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
1.6 
Rules of Organisation of Noteholders: The rights and powers of the Noteholders may 
only be exercised in accordance with the relevant rules of organisation of Noteholders 
attached to the Agency Agreement (respectively, the "Rules of Organisation") which 
are deemed to form part of these Conditions. The Noteholders are deemed to have 
notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the 
Rules of Organisation. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may 
be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Article 5" means article 5 of Italian Law Decree No. 269 of 30 September 2003 (as 
converted with amendments into Law No. 326 of 24 November 2003), as 
subsequently amended and restated; 
"CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation" means the regulation issued jointly by the 
Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented; 
"Business Day" means (other than in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate 
is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final Terms): 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in

--- Page 59 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 59 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning 
given thereto in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, 
the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall 
be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business 
Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which 
the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that 
payment will not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final 
Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall 
be brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN 
Convention", 
"Floating 
Rate 
Convention" 
or 
"Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which 
numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month 
which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date 
occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the entity specified in the relevant Final Terms to act as 
calculation agent in respect of the relevant Notes pursuant to the Conditions, the 
relevant Final Terms and the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 60 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 60 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap" means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"CMS Rate 1" and "CMS Rate 2" shall mean the CMS Rate with a particular 
Designated Maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, 
the principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City inter-bank 
market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any 
period of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the 
sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 61 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 61 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31 day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a 
day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day 
month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to 
the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case 
of the final Calculation Period, the date of final maturity is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
"Dealer Agreement" means the dealer agreement entered into on 17 May 2023 (as 
amended or supplemented from time to time) by the Issuer, the Dealers and the 
Representative of the Noteholders setting out the terms of issue of any Series of 
Notes and the terms of appointment of the Representative of the Noteholders in 
respect of each such Series, as amended and supplemented from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given thereto in the Rules of 
Organisation; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount, 
subject to any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floor" means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other 
securities or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the 
payment of such Indebtedness;

--- Page 62 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 62 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or 
services the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; 
and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a 
borrowing. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of 
Notes, the Issue Date of such Notes or such other date as may be specified as the 
Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the same may be adjusted in 
accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 63 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 63 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
"Legislative Decree No. 58" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as subsequently amended; 
"Leverage" means a percentage number as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A., with registered office and principal place of 
business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy, or any successor clearing system 
thereto; 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and 
includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities 
which adopts the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or

--- Page 64 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 64 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not Euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not 
having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee 
or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice to be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the 
Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) 
of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), or such other amount in the nature of a redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 65 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 65 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular 
payments, 
each 
period 
from 
and 
including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other 
than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which 
(the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each 
case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means,  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 
day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation

--- Page 66 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 66 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Representative of the Noteholders" means BNP Paribas as representative of the 
Noteholders of a relevant Series of Notes, appointed in the Subscription Agreement 
entered into in relation to each Series of Notes pursuant to the Dealer Agreement 
and set out in the relevant Final Terms, or any successor thereto appointed in 
accordance with the Rules of Organisation; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security 
interest including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under 
the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given thereto in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular 
time, any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or 
remove members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and 
generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first 
Person; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro;  
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or 
any successor system; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; 
and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 67 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 67 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
2.2 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts 
in respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these 
Conditions; 
(iii) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definition) to have the meaning 
given thereto in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives 
no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then 
such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(v) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to 
the Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including 
the Issue Date of the Notes. 
(vi) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary 
legislation or regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to 
primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the 
same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
3.1 
Form: The Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in dematerialised form on 
behalf of the beneficial owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte 
Titoli Account Holders as of their respective date of issue. Monte Titoli shall act as 
depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
3.2 
Book entries: The Notes will at all times be evidenced by book-entries pursuant to the 
relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 and in accordance with CONSOB 
and Bank of Italy Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued in respect 
of the Notes. 
3.3 
Denomination: The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Each Series of Notes will have one denomination only. 
3.4 
Types of Notes: The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero 
Coupon Notes, Partly Paid Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari

--- Page 68 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 68 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory 
and of general application. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
5.1 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
5.2 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their principal amount (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, on the aggregate amount paid up) from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue 
to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) 
until the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder. 
5.3 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for 
any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are 
in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
5.4 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Rate of Interest to the principal 
amount of such Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid 
up) multiplying the product for such Interest Period by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
6.1 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
6.2 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their nominal amount (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) from, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease 
to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6.2 (as well after as 
before judgment) until the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to 
that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder.

--- Page 69 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 69 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
6.3 
Screen Rate Determination (other than CMS Linked Interest Notes): If Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation), 
be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA and/or SOFR is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may 
be, the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the immediately preceding Interest Period for which such rate or arithmetic 
mean was determined. 
6.4 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: Where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6.13 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be: 
(a) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(b) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x CMS Rate 
(c) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate 2" is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x CMS Rate + Margin

--- Page 70 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 70 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(d) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
Either: 
(i) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 
or 
(ii) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Leverage x [(Min (CMS Rate 1; Cap – CMS Rate 2)] + Margin 
(e) 
where "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x Min [Max (CMS Rate + Margin; Floor); Cap] 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
6.5 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(a) 
This Condition 6.5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(b) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded

--- Page 71 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 71 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.5: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x D
𝑑𝑑 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including , the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes are due and payable).

--- Page 72 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 72 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of London Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) 
on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
(d) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation 
Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to 
Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation), be:  
(i)  
(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(ii)  
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised

--- Page 73 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 73 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
(e) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 6.5, the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a 
period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to 
the first Interest Period). 
(f) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events of 
Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition 
specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes became due and 
payable and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes remain 
outstanding, be the rate determined on such date. 
6.6 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(a) 
This Condition 6.6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference Rate" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(b) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark 
plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. In no event will the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period 
be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.6: 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula 
and other provisions set out in this Condition 6.6.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 74 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 74 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
where:  
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, 
the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period; 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the

--- Page 75 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 75 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such 
period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i)  
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii)  
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or any successor source; and 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
(d) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to 
time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to 
this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment 
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;

--- Page 76 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 76 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in 
the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)  
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative

--- Page 77 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 77 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice 
(or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of 
the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines 
is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or

--- Page 78 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 78 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if 
the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving 
effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(e) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this 
Condition 6.6 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent or any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and, in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date on which such changes take effect.  
6.7 
ISDA Determination:  
(a) 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA 
Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which, if the 
Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 79 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 79 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) if the relevant Floating Rate Option is 
based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR) for a currency, the 
first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 6.7 shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
6.8 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
6.9 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable 
after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each 
Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for 
such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount of such Note (or, if it is a 
Partly Paid Note, the aggregate amount paid up) during such Interest Period and 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit rounded 
upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note is the multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of 
the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
6.10 Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other 
amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as 
soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is, as the case 
may be, to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
6.11 Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) to the Paying Agent, 
the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders, the Euronext Dublin or each listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after 
such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and, through the Issuer, to Monte Titoli. Notice thereof shall also promptly be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). The Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing

--- Page 80 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 80 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
6.12 Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 6 by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the other Paying Agent(s), the Representative of the Noteholders and 
the Noteholders (subject as aforesaid) and no liability to any such person will attach 
to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
6.13 Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6, if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR) at any time when these Conditions provide for any remaining Rate 
of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, or, alternatively, if there is no such 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6.13 (ii)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
6.13 (iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
6.13(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.13 shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in consultation with the 
Issuer and (in the absence of bad faith, fraud or gross negligence) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, 
any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest or the Noteholders for any determination made 
by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with to the operation of 
this Condition 6.13. 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines 
that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6.13 (iii)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6.13); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6.13 (iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of

--- Page 81 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 81 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
6.13). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest 
(or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.13 and 
the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
(including without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Day, Relevant Screen Page, Interest Determination Date, 
Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Reference Banks, Principal 
Financial Centre, Business Day Convention or Additional Business Centre) 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, and subject to the Issuer giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 6.13 (v), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6.13 
(iv), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: The Issuer shall notify the Paying Agents and the Calculation 
Agent or any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and, in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 6.13. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the

--- Page 82 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 82 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, 
the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the 
Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 6.13, the Original Reference Rate 
and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.3 will continue to apply 
unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and only then once the 
Paying Agents and Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as applicable, have been notified of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and any Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable) in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to 
the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 6.13 by such 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6.13 shall apply to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and 
the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6.13. 
(viii) 
Definitions: In this Condition 6.13: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, zero or 
negative), or the quantum of the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
either case, which the Independent Adviser determines should be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
quantum formula or methodology which: 
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or

--- Page 83 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 83 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(C)  (if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate to the Original 
Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) or if no such rate exists, the rate 
which is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate, for a comparable interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.13 (iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been or 
will be appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) it has ceased publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified 
future date; 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been, or will, by 
a specified future date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means that the Original Reference Rate will, by a 
specified future date, be prohibited from being used or that its use will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the Notes;

--- Page 84 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 84 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, the Original 
Reference Rate is or will by a specified future date be no longer 
representative of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to 
calculate such Original Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has, or will, by a specified date within the following six months, 
become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such 
other party as specified in the relevant Final Terms to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant 
Benchmark Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), 
(D), or (E) above and the specified future date in the public statement 
is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such specified future date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate international capital 
markets expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 6.13 at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which 
the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
7.1 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 85 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 85 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
7.2 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect 
of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount 
shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder. 
8. 
Partly Paid Notes Provisions 
Accrual of interest: In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes 
which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest will accrue on the paid-up aggregate nominal 
amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
9.1 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, 
the Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). 
9.2 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and the Representative of the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with 
interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of 
Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court 
of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it,

--- Page 86 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 86 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Representative of the Noteholders (A) a certificate signed 
by a senior officer of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion 
of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9.2, 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 9.2. 
9.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the 
Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders and 
the Representative of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, 
as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued 
interest (if any) to such date). 
9.4 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) will be divided among all the Noteholders of the relevant 
Series pro rata to the principal amount outstanding of the Notes then held by the 
individual Noteholders. 
9.5 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any 
Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the 
relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option 
contained in this Condition 9.5, the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any 
Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders, 
a duly completed irrevocable Put Option Notice in the form attached to the Agency 
Agreement. Upon delivery of a Put Option Notice and up to and including the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), no transfer of title to the Note(s) for which the Put Option 
Notice will be allowed. At least 5 Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent shall notify Monte Titoli of the

--- Page 87 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 87 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
amount of Notes to be redeemed on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) and the 
aggregate Optional Redemption Amount (Put). 
9.6 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise 
than as provided in paragraphs 9.1 to 9.5 above. 
9.7 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note 
at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
9.8 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of 
years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for 
the purposes of this Condition 9.8 or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 
30E/360. 
9.9 
Redemption of Partly Paid Notes: If the Notes are Partly Paid Notes, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, they will be redeemed, whether at maturity, 
early redemption or otherwise, in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 9 
and the applicable Final Terms. 
9.10 Purchase: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, cancelled.  
9.11 Cancellation: All Notes which are redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with this 
Condition 9 shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.  
10. 
Payments 
10.1 Principal and interest: Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be credited, according to the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the relevant Paying Agent 
on behalf of the Issuer to the accounts of those banks and authorised brokers whose 
accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by 
such banks and authorised brokers from such aforementioned accounts to the 
accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
10.2 Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in 
all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation), and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section

--- Page 88 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 88 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
10.3 Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of 
any Note is not a Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment 
of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be 
entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
10.4 Principal Paying Agent: The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and to appoint another Principal 
Paying Agent. The Issuer will cause at least 30 days' prior notice of any replacement 
of the Principal Paying Agent to be given in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
11. 
Taxation 
11.1 Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the Issuer, 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy, as the case may be, or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Noteholders of such 
amounts as would have been received by them if no such withholding or deduction 
had been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Note: 
(i) 
held by a relevant holder or beneficial owner of the Notes which is liable to 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Note by reason of its having some connection with the Republic of Italy 
(including, by way of example, being a resident of the Republic of Italy) other 
than the mere holding of such Note; or 
(ii) 
held by any Noteholder who would be entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration of residence or non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption and fails to do so in due time; 
(iii) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on principal, interest or other proceeds 
of any Note on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 239, as amended or supplemented from time to time; 
(iv) 
in relation to any payments to be requested more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts if it had requested such payment in respect 
of such Note on the last day of such period of 30 days; 
(v) 
if such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements

--- Page 89 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 89 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto; 
(vi) 
in relation to any payment to be requested in the Republic of Italy;  
(vii) 
in respect of any Note where such withholding or deduction is required 
pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time; and 
(viii) 
any combination of items (i) through (vii). 
11.2 Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Italy references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy 
shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
12. 
Events of Default 
12.1 If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, 
then the Representative of the Noteholders at its discretion may and, if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of all outstanding Series of Notes, shall (subject, in 
the case of the occurrence of any of the events mentioned in paragraph (b) (Breach 
of other obligations) below, to the Representative of the Noteholders having certified 
in writing that the happening of such event is in its opinion materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders and, in all cases, to the Representative of the 
Noteholders having been indemnified or provided with security to its satisfaction), 
give written notice to the Issuer declaring the Notes to be immediately due and 
payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable at their 
principal amount together with accrued interest without further action or formality: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the 
Notes within 10 days, or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes within 30 days, in each case, of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other material obligations under or in respect of the 
Notes and such default (i) is, in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Noteholders, incapable of remedy or (ii) being a default which is, in the opinion 
of the Representative of the Noteholders, capable of remedy remains 
unremedied for 90 days or such longer period as the Representative of the 
Noteholders may agree upon with the Issuer, after the Representative of the 
Noteholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer: 
(1) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer which, taken individually or in the 
aggregate, exceeds EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies) (i) is not paid when due or (as the case may be) 
within any applicable grace period, or (ii) becomes due and payable 
prior to its stated maturity by reason of default (howsoever described) 
by the Issuer; or

--- Page 90 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 90 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(2) 
the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any 
Guarantee of any Indebtedness, taken individually or in the aggregate, 
in excess of EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which no 
further appeal or judicial review is permissible under applicable law for the 
payment of any amount/an amount in excess of Euro 10,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies), in aggregate, is rendered 
against the Issuer and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 60 
days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; 
or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager 
or other similar officer is appointed, of the whole or a substantial (in the opinion 
of the Representative of the Noteholders) part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer, and such taking of possession or appointment is not 
terminated within 90 days of the date hereof; or 
(f) 
Insolvency: the Issuer: 
(1) 
 is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(2) 
becomes subject to any bankruptcy, compulsory liquidation, or 
otherwise becomes subject to or initiates or consents to judicial or 
administrative proceedings under any applicable insolvency, liquidation, 
composition, or other similar laws; or 
(3) 
ceases generally to pay its debts or admits in writing its inability to pay 
its debts as they fall due; or 
(4) 
enters into, or passes any resolution for, or becomes subject to any 
order by any competent court or administrative agency, or takes any 
action in relation to: 
(A) 
any arrangement with its creditors generally or any calls of 
creditors; or 
(B) 
the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, 
administrator, trustee, or other similar official in relation to the 
Issuer of the whole or substantially the whole of its undertakings 
or assets; or 
(g) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring 
whilst solvent); or 
(h) 
Unlawfulness: it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any 
of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 91 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 91 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(i) 
Corporate Reorganisation: the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on 
the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for (i) the purposes of a 
reorganisation, restructuring, merger, amalgamation transfer or contribution of 
assets or other similar transaction on terms approved by the Representative 
of the Noteholders or (ii) the purposes of a Permitted Reorganisation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
Permitted Reorganisation means, in respect of the Issuer, an amalgamation, 
merger, spin-off, reconstruction, reorganisation, restructuring, transfer or 
contribution of assets or other similar transaction (a relevant transaction) 
whilst solvent and whereby: 
(a) 
to the extent that the Issuer is not a surviving entity, the resulting 
company is a Successor in Business of the Issuer. Successor in 
Business means, in relation to the Issuer, any company which, as a 
result of relevant transaction, (i) assumes the obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes, and (ii) carries on, as a successor to the Issuer, 
the whole or substantially the whole of the business carried on by the 
Issuer immediately prior thereto and (iii) beneficially owns the whole or 
substantially the whole of the undertaking, property and assets owned 
by the Issuer immediately prior thereto, or (iv) where item (ii) or (iii) is 
not complied with, no Rating Agency has announced a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of the Successor in Business or the Notes during 
the 90-day period following the announcement of a definitive agreement 
in respect of the relevant transaction, in each case to the extent ratings 
are assigned at the relevant time; or 
(b) 
to the extent that the Issuer is the surviving entity, the relevant 
transaction has no material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to 
perform all its liabilities (payment and otherwise) in respect of all then 
existing obligations of the Issuer of the Notes. For the purposes of this 
provision, "material adverse effect" will be deemed not to have 
occurred where no Rating Agency has announced a Rating Downgrade 
in respect of the Issuer or the Notes during the 90-day period following 
the announcement of a definitive agreement in respect of the relevant 
transaction, in each case to the extent ratings are assigned at the 
relevant time. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited Sede Secondaria Italiana or any 
of its subsidiaries or their successors; 
"Rating Agency" means any of S&P, Fitch and Scope; 
"Rating Date" means the date falling one business day (being for this purpose 
a day on which banks are open for business in London) prior to the public 
announcement of a definitive agreement in respect of the relevant transaction; 
"Rating Downgrade" means that the rating of the Notes or the Issuer which 
was assigned or existing as of the Rating Date by any Rating Agency is 
downgraded by at least one rating category below such rating of the Notes or,

--- Page 92 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 92 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
as appropriate, of the Issuer by such Rating Agency, and the official statement 
issued by such Rating Agency announcing the Rating Downgrade refers to the 
relevant transaction as a reason, in whole or in part, for such downgrade; 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of the McGraw 
Hill Companies, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or their successors; 
"Scope" means Scope Ratings GmbH or any of its subsidiaries or their 
successors; or 
(j) 
Failure to Take Action: at any time any act, condition or thing which is required 
to be done, fulfilled or performed by the Issuer in order (i) to enable the Issuer 
lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights under and perform the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it under and in respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure 
that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable or (iii) to make 
the Notes admissible in evidence in the Republic of Italy, is not done, fulfilled 
or performed. 
13. 
Enforcement 
13.1 No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer to enforce its rights under the 
Notes unless the relevant action has been previously approved at a Meeting of the 
holders of all outstanding Series of Notes and the relevant Representative of the 
Noteholders has failed to take such action within a reasonable period of time. 
Following the service of a notice of occurrence of an Event of Default, the 
Representative of the Noteholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the 
Noteholders, shall be entitled, pursuant to articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil 
Code, and subject to being previously indemnified and secured to its or their 
satisfaction by the Noteholders, to commence any action against the Issuer in the 
interest of the Noteholders. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modifications, Consents and Waivers; the 
Representative of the Noteholders 
14.1 Meetings of Noteholders: The Rules of Organisation scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement contain provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders of a modification of the Notes (including these Conditions). 
14.2 Regard to Noteholders: The Representative of the Noteholders of each Series of 
Notes is required, in connection with the exercise of its powers, authorities, duties 
and discretions under or in relation to the relevant Notes (including these Conditions), 
to have regard to the interests of the Noteholders, it shall have regard to the interests 
of the Noteholders as a class and, in particular but without prejudice to the generality 
of the foregoing, shall not have regard to, or be in any way liable for, the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders resulting from their being 
for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to 
the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and the Representative of the Noteholders 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim from the 
Issuer or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders.

--- Page 93 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 93 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
14.3 Appointment of the Representative of the Noteholders: The appointment of the 
Representative of the Noteholders is made in the relevant Subscription Agreement in 
connection with any issue of Notes pursuant to the Dealer Agreement and confirmed 
in the relevant Final Terms. Each Noteholder is deemed to accept such appointment. 
The Representative of the Noteholders may be replaced in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the Rules of Organisation. 
14.4 Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended with the consent of 
the Representative of the Noteholders but, without the need of convening a meeting 
of the relevant Noteholders (albeit without prejudice to the right of the Representative 
of the Noteholders to call such a meeting) to correct a manifest error or to effect a 
modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law. 
14.5 For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall not require the consent or approval 
of Noteholders. 
15. 
Prescription 
15.1 Claims against the Issuer for payments in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed 
and shall become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five 
years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
15.2 In this Condition 15, the "Relevant Date", in respect of a Note, is the date on which 
a payment in respect thereof first becomes due and payable or (if the full amount of 
the monies payable in respect of all Notes and accrued on or before that date has 
not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Representative of the 
Noteholders on or prior to such date) the date on which notice that the full amount of 
such monies has been received is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). 
16. 
Agents 
16.1 In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the Paying 
Agent act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders. 
16.2 The initial Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer and its initial specified office is listed 
below. The Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Paying 
Agent and to appoint a successor paying agent or Principal Paying Agent and 
additional or successor paying agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain: 
(a) 
a Principal Paying Agent in Italy whilst the Notes are deposited with Monte 
Titoli; 
(b) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which

--- Page 94 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 94 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent having its specified office in the place required 
by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(c) 
a Calculation Agent in relation to each Series of Notes. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent or in their 
specified offices shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
17. 
Further Issues 
17.1 The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest and the issue price) so as to 
form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
18.1 Publication: Any notice regarding the Notes, as long as the Notes are held through 
Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to have been duly given through the systems of Monte 
Titoli, and, as long as the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and the rules of 
such exchange so require, if published on the Euronext Dublin website 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the first date on which publication is made in the manner required 
in one of the newspapers referred to above. 
18.2 Variation: The Representative of the Noteholders shall be at liberty to sanction some 
other method of giving notice to Noteholders of the relevant Series if, in its or their 
opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market practice then 
prevailing and to the rules of the stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed 
and provided that notice of such other method is given to the Noteholders in such 
manner as the Representative of the Noteholders shall require. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
19.1 If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first 
currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or 
judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) 
making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment 
in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written 
demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to 
the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a 
result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to 
convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) 
the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of 
business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum 
paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or 
proof.

--- Page 95 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 95 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and 
shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded 
up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from 
such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being 
rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen 
amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning 
21.1 Application: This Condition 21 is applicable to the Notes only if it is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
21.2 Notice of redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, 
announces its intention to become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders and the Paying Agent, designate a date (the "Redenomination Date"), 
being an Interest Payment Date under the Notes falling on or after the date on which 
such country becomes a Participating Member State. 
21.3 Redenomination: Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with 
effect from the Redenomination Date: 
(i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into Euro in the denomination 
of Euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal 
amount of that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into Euro at the rate 
for conversion of such currency into Euro established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules 
relating to rounding in accordance with European Community regulations); 
provided, however, that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Principal Paying Agent then market practice in respect of the redenomination 
into Euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is different from that 
specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to 
comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the 
Noteholders, each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination 
Date is on or after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-
division of the Euro, payments of interest in respect of periods commencing 
before the Redenomination Date) will be made solely in Euro by credit or

--- Page 96 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 96 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited 
or transferred) maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of any Member State of the European Communities. 
21.4 Interest Determination Date: If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, with effect from the Redenomination Date the Interest Determination 
date shall be deemed to be the second TARGET Settlement Day before the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
22.1 Governing law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
22.2 Jurisdiction: The courts of Rome are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising from or connected with the Notes.

--- Page 97 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 97 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS1 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive") , where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 , where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
 
 
1 In case of an issuance of unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on a regulated market (including 
any Final Terms to be prepared solely for the purposes of listing Notes on ExtraMOT PRO), such Final Terms 
will not fall under the Prospectus Regulation and all Prospectus Regulation language will be removed from 
the relevant Final Terms accordingly.

--- Page 98 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 98 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market] . Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification - Solely for the purposes 
of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A 
of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 81560029E2CE4D14F425 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 
May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] [and [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended 
and supplemented) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented].] 
[Full information on the Issuer and the Notes described herein is only available on the basis 
of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The

--- Page 99 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 99 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for 
viewing on the website of CDP, www.cdp.it, as well as on the website of the Euronext Dublin, 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin. Copies may be obtained from the Issuer during 
normal business hours at Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome, Italy.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2023. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and supplemented) and, save in respect of the 
Conditions, must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2023 [and 
the supplement[s] to it dated [date] ([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and supplemented). The 
Conditions are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing 
on the website of CDP www.cdp.it, as well as on the website of the Euronext Dublin, 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin. Copies may be obtained from the Issuer during 
normal business hours at Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome, Italy]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)]  
Series Number: 
[●] 
[(ii)  
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(iii)  Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [Tranche [●]] of [Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: [●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
 
[(i)]  
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii)  
Tranche: 
[●]]

--- Page 100 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 100 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
[(i)]  
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA and which have a 
maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies)) 
[(ii)]  Calculation Amount: 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. If more 
than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
[(ii)]  Interest Commencement Date [●] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]] 
[[EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR] [+/– [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest Rate] 
(see paragraph [13/14/15] below) 
9. 
Change of Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify the date when any change from 
fixed to floating rate or vice versa occurs or 
cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below 
and identify there) 
10. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 101 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 101 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
[(see paragraph [15/16] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
11. Partly Paid: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph 22 below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date] 
(ii)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to, and including, the 
Maturity Date (Amend appropriately in the 
case of irregular coupons) [, adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (vii) below /not 
adjusted] 
(iii)  
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv)  
Fixed Coupon Amount for a  
short or long Interest Period 
("Broken Amount(s)"): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]) 
(v)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] 
/ 
[30/360] 
/ 
[30E/360] 
/ 
[Eurobond Basis]  
(vi)  
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual ([ICMA)) 
(vii)  Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day

--- Page 102 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 102 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Not Applicable] 
13. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Interest Period(s) 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) below/not adjusted] 
(ii)  
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) below/not adjusted] 
(iii)  
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
(iv)  
Additional Business Centre(s): [Not Applicable]/ [●] 
(v)  
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vi)  
Calculation Agent responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[●] 
(vii)  Screen Rate Determination: 
 
● 
Reference Rate: 
[For 
example, 
EURIBOR, 
SONIA, 
or 
SOFR]/[CMS Reference Rate/Leveraged 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate/Leveraged 
CMS 
Reference Rate 2/Steepner CMS Reference 
Rate: [Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call CMS 
Reference Rate] 
• Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
• Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
• Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London Banking Days /Not Applicable]

--- Page 103 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 103 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
• D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Currency: [●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: [●]/[The CMS Rate 
having a Designated Maturity of [●] shall be 
"CMS Rate 1" and the CMS Rate having a 
Designated Maturity of [●] shall be "CMS 
Rate 2"] 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify 
the Designated Maturity for each relevant 
CMS Rate) 
● 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
● 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is euro): [Second day 
on which the T2 system is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is other than euro): 
[Second (specify type of day) prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
● 
Relevant Time: 
[For 
example, 
11.00 
a.m. 
London 
time/Brussels time] 
● 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of 
the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro)]

--- Page 104 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 104 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
● 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
● 
Floor: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
● 
Leverage: 
[[●] per cent.] 
(viii)  ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period. In the case of 
a CMS Linked Interest Note, if based on euro 
then the first day of each Interest Period and 
if otherwise to be checked) 
(ix)  
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent per annum 
(x)  
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0] / [●] per cent per annum 
(xi)  
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum 
(xii)  Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] 
/ 
[30/360] 
/ 
[30E/360] 
/ 
[Eurobond Basis]  
14. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
(ii)  
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(iii)  
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption 
Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365] / 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] 
/ 
[30/360] 
/ 
[30E/360] 
/ 
[Eurobond Basis]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 105 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 105 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii)  
Redemption in part 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing 
systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent 
or 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Noteholders) 
16. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): [●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, 
for 
example, 
clearing 
systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent or Representative of the Noteholders)

--- Page 106 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 106 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
17. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
The principal amount of each Note, being [●] 
per Calculation Amount 
18. Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of 
default or other early redemption: 
[[Not Applicable] / [[●] per Calculation 
Amount]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
19. Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not the end dates of 
Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest] 
21. Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
[●]] apply] 
22. Details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes (amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and date 
on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of 
failure to pay, including any right of 
the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(N.B. Note that payments of the Issue Price 
in relation to Partly Paid Notes will be 
effected in a maximum of 10 instalments 
during a maximum period of 3 months from 
the Issue Date) 
23. [Representative 
of 
the 
Noteholders] 
[BNP Paribas]/[●]] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 107 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 107 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)  
Listing: 
[The Official List of Euronext Dublin] / 
[and] 
[the 
professional 
segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading 
facility 
(ExtraMOT 
Market) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.] / [None] 
(ii)  
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made [is expected 
to be made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the [Regulated Market of the Euronext 
Dublin] [and] [the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading 
facility 
(ExtraMOT 
Market) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.] 
with 
effect 
from 
[●].] 
[Not 
Applicable.] 
(iii)  
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/have 
not been/are expected to be] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
[Scope [•]] 
 
[[•] [•]] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation including option to refer to 
any endorsement or certification under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as

--- Page 108 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 108 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
(UK).] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, but that has applied for 
registration. Details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"), although notification of the

--- Page 109 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 109 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent 
authority]/[European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
that [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, and has not applied for 
registration, and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and is neither 
registered 
nor 
has 
it 
applied 
for

--- Page 110 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 110 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and is neither registered nor has it applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
that [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK – 
including option to refer to any 
endorsement or certification under the 
EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the UK and registered

--- Page 111 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 111 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
[[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on [UK 
FCA's Financial Services Register]. [The 
rating that [insert legal name of particular 
UK credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of EU credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal 
name of particular UK credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation)").] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
(EU). 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the 
EEA but the relevant rating is endorsed 
by a CRA which is established and 
registered 
under 
the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of EU credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") [and] [insert legal

--- Page 112 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 112 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
name of UK credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
Option 6 – CRA not established in the 
EEA 
and 
relevant 
rating 
is 
not 
endorsed 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
but CRA is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation AND/OR the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but is certified 
under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") [and] [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in 
the EEA nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in either the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 113 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 113 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below:] 
"[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)"] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to 
whether such matters described constitute “significant new factors” and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[See 
"Use 
of 
Proceeds" 
in 
Base 
Prospectus] / [Green Bonds] / [Social 
Bonds] / [Sustainability Bonds] (If the 
Notes are Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds describe the relevant 
projects to which the net proceeds of the 
Tranche of Notes will be applied or make 
reference to the relevant bond framework 
to which the net proceeds of the Tranche 
of Notes will be applied.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATE (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg]. / [Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●]

--- Page 114 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 114 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Monte 
Titoli, 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking Société Anonyme and the 
relevant identification number(s) 
and addresses: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Dealers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses 
and underwriting commitments] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and 
addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are 
not the same as the Dealers.) 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/ give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/ give name and address] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling restriction: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; 
TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
9. 
CORPORATE AUTHORISATIONS 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] [registered with the Companies' 
Registry of [Rome] on [●] [and [●], 
respectively] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes)

--- Page 115 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 115 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
10. BENCHMARK 
 
(i) 
Benchmarks Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the 
Notes are calculated by reference to 
[EURIBOR] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR] 
[insert 
name[s] of benchmark(s)], which [is/are] 
provided by  [European Money Markets 
Institute] [Bank of England] [Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York] [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more 
than one specify in relation to each 
relevant benchmark]. 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]:  
As at the date hereof, [European Money 
Markets Institute] [Bank of England] 
[Federal Reserve Bank of New York] 
[Benchmark administrator] [appears] / 
[does not appear] on the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority pursuant to article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 
(the 
"Benchmarks 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, 
EITHER 
[European 
Money 
Markets Institute] [Bank of England] 
[Federal Reserve Bank of New York]  
[[Benchmark administrator] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation] 
OR 
[the 
transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[European Money Markets Institute] [Bank 
of England] [Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York] [Benchmark administrator] is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union or the United 
Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)].]]

--- Page 116 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 116 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CASSA DEPOSITI E PRESTITI S.P.A. 
INTRODUCTION 
Cassa depositi e prestiti società per azioni (“CDP” or the “Issuer”) is a joint stock company 
(società per azioni) incorporated on 12 December 2003 under the laws of the Republic of 
Italy. The registered office of CDP and its principal place of business is Via Goito 4, 00185 
Rome, Italy, telephone number +39 06 42211. CDP is enrolled in the Register of Companies 
of Rome with registration number and fiscal code 80199230584. 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/homepage.page. The 
information on the website of the issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless 
expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
CDP’s shares are not listed on any stock exchange.  
The credit ratings assigned to CDP are: 
i. 
BBB by S&P; 
ii. 
BBB by Fitch Ratings; 
iii. 
BBB+ by Scope; 
iv. 
Baa3 (Unsolicited) by Moody’s. 
Each of the above is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and appears on the latest update of the list 
of 
registered 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website: 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation.  
(i) ‘BBB’ by S&P indicates that the Issuer exhibits adequate capacity to meet financial 
commitments, but more subject to adverse economic conditions; (ii) ‘BBB’ by Fitch Ratings 
indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low and that the capacity for payment 
of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic 
conditions are more likely to impair this capacity; (iii) “BBB+” by Scope reflects an opinion of 
good credit quality; and (iv) ‘Baa’ by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) indicates that the 
issuer’s debt securities are subject to moderate credit risk. The modifier “3” indicates a 
ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Tranche of Notes will 
be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the

--- Page 117 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 117 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
HISTORY 
CDP is the company resulting from the transformation of the Cassa depositi e prestiti – a 
national public body (amministrazione dello Stato) - into joint stock companies, pursuant to 
Law Decree No. 269 of 30 September 2003 ("Law Decree 269"). Law No. 1270 of 17 May 
1863 originally established Cassa depositi e prestiti through the merger of several financial 
institutions into the Public Debt General Department (Direzione Generale del Debito 
Pubblico). As such, for approximately one century, Cassa depositi e prestiti was a general 
department of the Ministry of Treasury of the Republic of Italy. However, Cassa depositi e 
prestiti maintained its financial and accounting autonomy from the Italian State. Pursuant to 
Law No. 197 of 13 May 1983 ("Law 197"), the General Department was abolished and 
Cassa depositi e prestiti was set up as an independent administration (amministrazione 
autonoma). Legislative Decree No. 284 of 30 July 1999 reformed Cassa depositi e prestiti 
and classified it as a national public body (amministrazione dello Stato) with legal status and 
regulatory, organisational, economic and accounting autonomy. 
Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 1, of Law Decree 269, Cassa depositi e prestiti was 
transformed and incorporated, as of 12 December 2003, as a joint stock company under the 
name "Cassa depositi e prestiti società per azioni" and all assets, liabilities, rights and 
obligations previously owned by or owed to Cassa depositi e prestiti were transferred to 
CDP, with the exception of certain assets and liabilities which were transferred to the MEF, 
in accordance with the provisions of Article 5. 
The duration of CDP, pursuant to article 4 of CDP's by-laws, is set until 31 December 2100, 
unless otherwise extended by shareholders' resolution. In 2015, CDP was appointed as a 
National Promotional Bank (Istituto Nazionale di Promozione) by the Italian government, 
pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 826 of Law No. 208 of 28 December 2015 (the "Stability 
Law 2016") and applicable EU legislation. 
REGULATION 
CDP operates in accordance with Italian law and in particular is mainly regulated by to the 
following laws and regulatory provisions: 
(i) 
Article 5 of Law Decree 269 setting out, inter alia, (a) the corporate purpose of CDP, 
(b) the structure of its financial management strategy, and (c) the special powers 
vested in the MEF in respect of CDP; 
(ii) 
the provisions of Title V of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended (the “Banking Act”) as set out for intermediaries registered in the register 
established under Article 106 of the Banking Act, taking into consideration the 
characteristics of CDP and the special regulation of the Separate Account System; 
(iii) 
the provisions of the Italian Civil Code applicable to Italian companies, to the extent 
and in relation to aspects that are not regulated by special provisions regarding CDP; 
and

--- Page 118 ---
10254872510-v19 
- 118 -
47-41052354
(iv)
the decrees of the MEF regarding, inter alia, CDP's share capital, its shareholdings,
the special powers assigned to CDP, the latter's assets and liabilities and its business
activities (including without limitation, the ministerial decrees respectively dated 5
December 2003, 18 June 2004, 6 October 2004, 27 January 2005, 12 March 2009,
22 January 2010, 3 May 2011 and 12 April 2016).
GROUP STRUCTURE 
CDP is the main shareholder of certain major Italian companies operating in Italy and 
abroad. The following chart shows the structure of CDP's holdings as of 31 December 2022:

--- Page 119 ---
Nexi S.p.A
Trevi Finanziaria Industriale S.p.A.
Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A.
Open Fiber Holdings S.p.A.
Mozart Holdco S.p.A.
Kedrion Holding S.p.A.
CDPE Investimenti S.p.A.
Eni S.p.A.
Poste Italiane S.p.A.
Telecom Italia S.p.A.
Istituto della Enciclopedia 
Italiana fondata da 
Giovanni Treccani S.p.A.(a)
Istituto per il Credito 
Sportivo 
Elite S.p.A. 
ITsART S.p.A. (b)
Redo SGR S.p.A.
European Investment Fund
Rocco Forte Hotels Ltd
Valvitalia Finanziaria S.p.A.
CDP EQUITY S.p.A.
CDP RETI S.p.A.
FINTECNA S.p.A.
CDP IMMOBILIARE S.r.l.
CDP REAL ASSET SGR S.p.A.
SIMEST S.p.A.
Ansaldo Energia S.p.A.
Saipem S.p.A.
Fincantieri S.p.A.
Hotelturist S.p.A.
Webuild S.p.A.
GPI S.p.A.
Euronext N.V.
Renovit S.p.A. (c)
GreenIT S.p.A.
Polo Strategico
Nazionale S.p.A.
CDP Venture Capital
SGR S.p.A.
Fondo Italiano 
d’Investimento SGR S.p.A.
F2i - Fondi Italiani per 
le Infrastrutture SGR S.p.A.
Terna S.p.A.
Snam S.p.A.
Italgas S.p.A.
Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A.
Open Fiber S.p.A.
GROUP STRUCTURE
at 31 December 2022
100.00%
76.01%
100.00%
70.00%
100.00%
59.10%
26.21%
35.00%
9.81%
6.82%
2.21%
15.00%
51.00%
30.00%
1.11%
88.29%
12.82%
71.32%
45.95%
16.67%
18.41%
7.32%
30.00%
49.00%
20.00%
29.85%
31.35%
26.01%
40.00%
77.12%
23.00% 
50.00%
8.28%
25.67%
51.00%
60.00%
15.00%
6.63%
70.00%
55.00%
14.01%
5.29%
100.00%
TYPE OF CONTROL / INFLUENCE
FUND MANAGEMENT RELATIONSHIP
Control
Significant influence
De facto control
Joint control
(a) Snam holds a further 1.26%.
(b) Company placed in voluntary liquidation by a resolution of the shareholders’ meeting
appointing the sole liquidator on 12/29/2022 entered in the Commercial Register on 01/10/2023.
(c) Snam holds 60.05% of the company.
13.48%
COMPANIES IN LIQUIDATION:
EPF - Europrogetti & Finanza S.r.l. 31.80%
Bonafous S.p.A. 100.00%
Cinque Cerchi S.p.A. 100.00%
Quadrifoglio Brescia S.p.A. 50.00%
Pentagramma Romagna S.p.A. 100.00%
Pentagramma Piemonte S.p.A. 100.00%
Quadrifoglio Genova S.p.A. 100.00%
IQ Made in Italy Investment Company S.p.A. 50.00%
M.T. Manifattura
Tabacchi S.p.A.
Consortiums and other
88.06%
- 119 -

--- Page 120 ---
CDP Venture Capital SGR S.p.A.
CDP Real Asset SGR S.p.A.
Fondo Italiano 
d’Investimento SGR S.p.A.
F2i - Fondi Italiani per 
le Infrastrutture SGR S.p.A.
Redo SGR S.p.A.
Fondo Investimento per la Valorizzazione Extra
Fondo Investimento per la Valorizzazione Plus
Fondo Investimento per l’Abitare (FIA) 
Fondo Nazionale del Turismo - Comparto A
FNAS - Fondo Nazionale Abitare Sostenibile
Fondo Sviluppo Comparto A (a)
Fondo Italiano Consolidamento e Crescita 
Fondo Italiano Tecnologia e Crescita
FoF Fondo Italiano di Investimento 
FoF Private Equity Italia 
FoF Private Debt 
FoF Private Debt Italia (b)
FoF Venture Capital
Fondo Italiano di Investimento FII Venture
Fondo Italiano Agritech & Food - FIAF (b)
FoF Impact Investing (b)
Fondo AREF II
Fondo EGO 
Fondo Opes (c)
Fondo Ver Capital
Fondo October 
Fondo Atlante 
Fondo Regio
Italian Recovery Fund 
Vertis Venture 3 Technology Transfer (d)
360 PoliMI TT Fund (d)
Progress Tech Transfer SLP-RAIF (d)
Sofinnova Telethon SCA (d)
Eureka Fund! I - Technology Transfer (d)
Fondo PPP Italia 
Springrowth - Fondi di credito diversificato  
HI CrescItalia PMI 
Anthilia BIT III 
Fondo Africinvest IV
Oltre II SICAF EuVeca S.p.A. (c)
Oltre III Italia (c)
Muzinich Diversified Enterprises
Fondo Magellano
Fondo ENEF II
Fondo QuattroR
FSII
F2i - Secondo Fondo Italiano per le Infrastrutture
F2i - Terzo Fondo per le Infrastrutture
F2i - Fondo per le Infrastrutture Sostenibili (b)
2020 European Fund for Energy. Climate and Infrastructure SICAV - FIS S.A. (Fondo Marguerite)
Fondo Marguerite III SCSp (b)
Marguerite II SCSp (Fondo Marguerite II) 
Inframed Infrastructure S.A.S. à capital variable (Fondo Inframed)
Connecting Europe Broadband Fund SICAV RAIF
EAF S.C.A. SICAR - Caravella (Fondo Caravella)
GROUP STRUCTURE
at 31 December 2022
70.00%
55.00%
14.01%
100.00%
100.00%
49.31%
90.91% 
100.00%
100.00%
20.83%
64.79%
62.50%
73.42%
76.69%
20.83%
30.77%
100.00%
quote A  66.28% 
quote B  38.24%
quote A  65.15% 
   quote B  39.47%
quote A  8.05%
quote C  0.02%
4.17%
6.86% 
Control
Control
Other funds
70.00%
30.00%
82.19%
85.62%
100.00%
100.00%
92.06%
100.00%
66.67%
35.29%
66.67%
75.00%
100.00%
25.67%
4.82%
21.36%
9.75%
9.10%
11.77%
9.38%
12.90%
49.50%
36.90%
48.01%
18.49%
15.96%
14.58%
25.14%
21.87%
16.16%
8.45% 
17.55%
13.00%
34.36%
33.33%
28.36%
quote A  41.96%
quote B    0.21%
quote A  35.81%
quote B    0.25%
3.57%
FoF VenturItaly (b)
Fondo Acceleratori (b)
Fondo Boost Innovation (b)
Fondo Evoluzione (b)
Fondo Technology Transfer - Direct sector (b)
Fondo Technology Transfer - Indirect sector (b)
Fondo Corporate Partners I - IndustryTech sector (b)
Fondo Corporate Partners I - EnergyTech sector (b)
Fondo Corporate Partners I - ServiceTech sector (b)
Fondo Corporate Partners I - InfraTech sector (b) 
Fondo Large Ventures (b)
Fondo Immobiliare di Lombardia - Comparto Uno
(formerly Abitare Sociale I)  
Control
Significant 
Influence
INVESTMENT VEHICLES
14.08%
11.27%
9.60%
quote A 38.92%
quote B   1.20%
9.01%
50.00%
(a)	
Underwritten by CDP Immobiliare S.r.l. 
(b)	
Underwritten by CDP Equity S.p.A.
(c)	
Fund launched under the Social Impact Italia investment platform; managed and co-investment agreement signed by CDP and EIF, focused on social 
(d)	
Fund launched under the ITAtech investment platform; managed and co-investment agreement signed by CDP and EIF, focused on technology transfer funds.
LEGEND
INVESTMENT FUNDS
- 120 -

--- Page 121 ---
10254872510-v19 
- 121 -
47-41052354
Termination of CDP's management and coordination over SACE and 
reorganisation of the SACE Group 
On 8 April 2020 the Italian Government enacted Law Decree No. 23 of 8 April 2020 
(the "Liquidity Decree"). Pursuant to article 3 of the Liquidity Decree, effective from 9 
April 2020, SACE has not been subject to CDP's management and coordination 
(direzione e coordinamento). The Liquidity Decree has been converted into law on 7 
June 2020, by the Law No. 40 of 5 June 2020. Thereafter, the Italian government 
enacted Law Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020 (the "August Decree"), in force since 
15 August 2020. In particular, article 67 of the August Decree (named "Reorganisation 
of the SACE group") provides, amongst other, that the possible reorganisation of the 
group composed by SACE and its subsidiaries – SACE FCT S.p.A., SACE BT S.p.A. 
and SIMEST S.p.A. (“SACE Group”) and the transfer value of the relevant 
shareholdings, as deemed appropriate by the parties, shall be determined, subject to 
an agreement between the MEF and CDP, by a decree to be issued by the Italian 
Minister of the Economy and Finance, in agreement with the Italian Minister of Foreign 
Affairs and International Cooperation (the “Implementing Decree”). On 14 October 
2020 the August Decree has been converted into law, by the Law No. 126 of 13 
October 2020. 
In light of the above, on 2 March 2021, CDP, SACE and the MEF signed a hypothetical 
agreement pursuant to article 67, paragraph 2 of the August Decree (the 
“Hypothetical Agreement”), under which they agreed, among other things, to submit 
the following proposal for the reorganisation of the SACE Group to their respective 
decision-making bodies: 
-
the transfer from SACE to CDP of SACE’s entire equity stake in SIMEST, which
represents the 76.005 per cent. of SIMEST’s share capital, and
-
the transfer from CDP to the Italian Minister of the Economy and Finance of CDP’s
entire equity stake in SACE, which represents 100 per cent. of SACE’s share
capital, excluding SIMEST.
On 5 March 2021, CDP’s Board of Directors – in fulfilment of the commitments 
undertaken in the Hypothetical Agreement – resolved to approve the reorganisation of 
the SACE Group. 
Following the approval by CDP’s Board of Directors, the Implementing Decree, which 
outlined, amongst other, the overall structure of the envisaged reorganisation of the 
SACE Group and the transfer value of the relevant shareholdings, has been (i) signed 
by the Italian Minister of the Economy and Finance and by the Italian Minister of 
Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, respectively, on 19 January 2022 and 
on 22 January 2022, (ii) registered by the Italian Corte dei Conti on 8 February 2022, 
and (iii) published on the MEF website on 17 March 2022.

--- Page 122 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 122 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
In compliance with the Implementing Decree, on 21 March 2022, the reorganisation of 
the SACE Group has occurred through the settlement of the due considerations and 
the transfer of share certificates. As a result of the transaction, CDP directly holds the 
76.005 per cent. of SIMEST’s share capital, and the MEF directly holds 100 per cent. 
of SACE’s share capital.

--- Page 123 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 123 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
MAIN CORPORATE ACTIVITIES 
Pursuant to paragraph 7 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269 and pursuant to article 3 of 
CDP's by-laws, CDP – in pursuing the promotion of long-term economic, social and 
environmental sustainability for the benefit of shareholders and taking into account the 
interests of other stakeholders relevant to the company – has been carrying out the 
following activities as part of their corporate purpose: 
(A1) 
the granting of financing to the Italian State, its regions, local authorities, public 
entities and public law bodies (hereinafter, the "Public Entities"); 
(A2) 
the granting of financing: 
(i) 
in favour of public or private entities, with the exclusion of natural 
persons, having legal personality, for public-interest initiatives promoted 
by Public Entities, in accordance with the criteria established in decrees 
of the MEF adopted pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 11, letter (e); 
(ii) 
in favour of private entities, with the exclusion of natural persons, having 
legal personality, for operations in the sectors of general interest 
specified in the decrees of the MEF adopted pursuant to Article 5, 
paragraph 11, letter (e); 
(iii) 
in favour of public or private entities, with the exclusion of natural 
persons, having legal personality, to support the international expansion 
of enterprises and exports in accordance with the criteria established in 
decrees of the MEF adopted pursuant to Article 8 of Law Decree No. 78 
of 1 July 2009, as converted into law ("Law Decree 78"), ratified with 
amendments by Law Decree No. 102 of 3 August 2009; 
(iv) 
in favour of enterprises for the purposes of supporting the economy 
through (a) the banking system or (b) the subscription of units in 
investment funds managed by an asset management company, whose 
corporate purpose achieves one of the institutional missions of CDP; 
(v) 
in favour of public or private entities, with the exclusion of natural 
persons, having legal personality, for international development 
cooperation activities;  
(vi) 
to banks operating in Italy to permit them to grant loans secured by 
mortgages on residential properties mainly for the purchase of primary 
residences or for renovation and energy efficiency enhancement works; 
and 
(vii) 
in favour of public or private entities, with the exclusion of natural 
persons, having legal personality, to contribute to the achievement of the 
objectives established in the context of international agreements on 
climate and environmental protection, as well as on other global public 
goods, which Italy joined;  
(B) 
the granting of financing, preferably co-financed with banks, for:

--- Page 124 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 124 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(viii) 
works, systems, networks and infrastructure to be used for the public 
interest; 
(ix) 
investments in research, development, innovation, the protection and 
leveraging of cultural assets, the promotion of tourism, environment, 
energy efficiency, promotion of sustainable development, the green 
economy; and 
(x) 
initiatives for company growth, including through business combination, 
in Italy and abroad; 
(C) 
the acquisition of shareholdings transferred to or conferred on CDP by the 
decree of the MEF referred to in Article 5, paragraph 3, letter (b), whose 
management is in line, where provided, with the criteria set out in the decree of 
the MEF referred to in Article 5, paragraph 11, letter (d); 
(D) 
the direct or indirect acquisition of equity investments in companies of major 
national interest - having a stable financial position and performance and 
adequate profit-generating prospects - that meet the requirements established 
by the MEF in the decree issued pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 8-bis. 
(E) 
the purchase of: 
(i) 
bank bonds backed by portfolios of loans secured by mortgages on 
residential properties and/or securities issued pursuant to the provisions 
of Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 ("Italian Securitisation Law") as part 
of securitisations of claims in respect of loans secured by mortgages on 
residential properties; 
(ii) 
securities issued pursuant to the Italian Securitisation Law as part of 
securitisations of loans to small and medium-sized enterprises, with a 
view to expanding the volume of lending to small and medium-sized 
enterprises. 
(F) 
the management, possibly assigned by the MEF, of CDP's functions, assets 
and liabilities, outstanding prior to the transformation, which are transferred to 
the MEF pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 3, letter (a), as well as the 
management of any other public function and activity of general interest 
assigned as a consequence of any laws, regulations or agreements; 
(G) 
the supply of assistance and consultancy services in favour of Public Entities 
or to support the operations or the entities referred to in letter (A2) points (i), (ii), 
(iii), (iv), (v) and (vii); 
(H) 
the supply of consultancy services and study, research and analytical activities 
in the economic and financial fields. 
In order to pursue its corporate purpose, the Issuer may also: 
(i) 
carry out any instrumental, connected and ancillary transactions, including 
commercial, industrial, mortgage, movable and real property, financial, lending 
and borrowing transactions;

--- Page 125 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 125 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(ii) 
acquire shareholdings and interests in companies, undertakings, consortia and 
joint ventures, both in Italy and abroad, pursuant to the decree of the MEF dated 
27 January 2005; 
(iii) 
coordinate the participating companies and the subsidiaries from an 
administrative and financial perspective, and carry out any necessary 
transaction in their favour, including the granting of loans; 
(iv) 
grant both in personam and in rem guarantees with respect to its own and third 
parties' obligations; 
(v) 
enter into financial derivatives transactions on its own account; and 
(vi) 
enter into financial derivatives transactions, also for purposes other than 
hedging. 
Any sort of financing activity, including that conducted indirectly, is carried out in 
compliance with any applicable laws and it includes, inter alia, the purchase of 
receivables, the issue of guarantees, the acquisition of equity or debt securities and 
the subscription of units or shares of undertakings for collective investment. Unless 
otherwise provided by law, the financial transactions referred to in letter (A2) may be 
carried out directly if the amount is equal to or greater than Euro 25,000,000.00 
(twenty-five million/00) or also for a lower amount as provided by CDP's risk rules, in 
the event that such financial transactions are conducted by CDP in its capacity as 
National Promotional Institution in the contest of investment platforms as defined by 
the regulations in force, or in its capacity as Financial Institution for Development 
Cooperation, or for the purposes under letter (A2) point vii. 
In order to pursue the corporate purpose indicated in letters (A1), (A2), (C), (F) and 
(G) above, CDP uses funds redeemable by way of passbook savings accounts and 
postal savings bonds, guaranteed by the Italian State and placed by Poste Italiane or 
its subsidiaries, and funds deriving from the issue of securities, the entering into loans 
and other financial transactions, which may be guaranteed by the State. These funds 
may also be used to pursue the purposes indicated in letters (D), (E) and (H) above. 
In order to pursue the corporate purpose indicated in letter (B) above, CDP uses funds 
raised on the capital markets or from banks, deriving from its entry into loans, the issue 
of securities, other financial transactions or by means of loans granted by public or 
private entities or by international organisations or by means of any other resource of 
the Issuer and income consistent with the Issuer's corporate purpose, in any case 
without a guarantee granted by the state and without first-hand fund-raising. These 
funds may also be used to pursue the purposes indicated in letters (D), (E) and (H) 
above. 
Pursuant to paragraph 20 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269, CDP's fund-raising activities 
are not subject to (i) the restrictions of Article 11 of the Banking Act on fund-raising 
with the public (save for the exclusion of demand deposits and the requirement of 
placements to and borrowings from institutional investors only, described under 
paragraph (b) above), or (ii) the maximum thresholds established by Italian laws for 
bond issuances by joint stock companies and more generally the provisions of the 
Italian Civil Code on the issuance of bonds.

--- Page 126 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 126 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
In connection with any issue of financial instruments by CDP, a representative of the 
noteholders may be appointed to act on behalf of the noteholders, to exercise the 
powers vested in it and to approve certain amendments or modifications to the terms 
and conditions of the relevant transaction. 
LENDING AND INVESTMENTS 
In 2022, the CDP Group deployed Euro 30.6 billion in new resources.  
The main activities of the CDP Group are arranged into the following operational lines:  
A. 
Public Administration, through the Public Administration Area, the CDP Group 
supports the investing activities of Public Entities across the country; 
B. 
Infrastructures, through the Infrastructure Area, the CDP Group works to support 
the development of the country’s infrastructures; 
C. 
Lending to enterprises and support for international expansion, through the 
Enterprises and Financial Institution Area, the CDP Group pursues the mission 
of ensuring financial support to the national productive fabric, in a complementary 
role with the banking system; 
D. 
International Cooperation and Development Finance, through the International 
Cooperation and Development Finance Area, the CDP Group promotes 
initiatives capable of generating positive impacts in developing countries; 
E. 
Equity, through the Investment Department, together with the companies CDP 
Equity and CDP Reti, the CDP Group plays a key role in the country’s strategic 
sectors, through direct and indirect initiatives; 
F. 
Real Estate, through the Real Estate Department, together with the companies 
CDP Immobiliare S.r.l. (“CDP Immobiliare”) and CDP Real Asset SGR S.p.A. 
(“CDP Real Asset SGR”, previously CDP Immobiliare SGR S.p.A.), the CDP 
Group supports the real estate sector with the aim of promoting social through 
sustainable and inclusive urban regeneration initiatives, supporting the tourism-
hotel sector and creating value from its assets. 
A. Public Administration 
CDP carries out the traditional activity of financing Public Entities using funds pursuant 
to Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269. 
By way of Ministerial Decree of 6 October 2004 (Determinazioni ai sensi dell'art. 5, 
comma 11, lettere a), b) e c), del D.L. 30 settembre 2003, n. 269 convertito con 
modificazioni dalla legge 24 novembre 2003, n. 326 ed esercizio del potere di indirizzo 
della gestione separata della Cassa depositi e prestiti, società per azioni, a norma 
dell'art. 5, comma 9, del citato decreto-legge), the MEF has set forth, inter alia, the 
criteria applying to CDP's financing of Public Entities, pursuant to which: 
(i) 
such financing activity carried out by CDP constitutes a service of general 
economic interest;

--- Page 127 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 127 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(ii) 
the relevant loans shall be granted by CDP as specific purpose loans (prestiti 
di scopo), which may be utilised by Public Entities in connection with the 
carrying out of public interest investments or in connection with other purposes 
for which the relevant borrowers may incur indebtedness; 
(iii) 
the process carried out by CDP for the granting of specific purpose loans is 
aimed at ascertaining whether the relevant borrower fulfils the requirements set 
forth by applicable legislation (including, inter alia, compliance with the debt 
ratios provided from time to time by law); 
(iv) 
in carrying out such financing activity, CDP must ensure that each public 
borrower is granted, amongst its peers, free access, as well as equal and non-
discriminatory contractual treatment; therefore the general terms and 
conditions applicable to such loans are notified by CDP through regulations 
(circolari) published in the Official Gazette and made available on the website 
of CDP; 
(v) 
such loans may be granted on a fixed or floating rate basis and the relevant 
interest rate is predetermined (currently on a weekly basis) and disclosed by 
way of publication on the website of CDP and in at least one daily newspaper; 
(vi) 
the financial equivalent of the interest rates applicable to the above-mentioned 
specific purpose loans shall not exceed, upon calculation at the relevant 
computation date, the interest rate referred to in Article 45, paragraph 32, of 
Law No. 448 of 23 December 1998 (Misure di finanza pubblica per la 
stabilizzazione e lo sviluppo) as subsequently amended, in relation to loans 
with repayment obligations on the part of the Republic of Italy (i.e. the interest 
rate determined from time to time by the MEF on the basis of the market 
conditions by way of specific notices to be published on the website of 
Department of the Treasury); 
(vii) 
such loans shall be granted by way of a written contract (which may fail to be 
entered into as a notarised deed (atto in forma pubblica)), a copy of which shall 
be provided to the borrower together with the general terms and conditions 
applicable thereto; 
(viii) 
in compliance with the provisions of paragraph 24 of Article 5 of Law Decree 
269, any and all acts, deeds, agreements, assignments, performances and/or 
other formalities relating to specific purpose loans, their relevant performance, 
amendments or modifications and termination shall be exempt from registration 
tax (imposta di registro), stamp duty (imposta di bollo), mortgage and cadastral 
taxes (imposte ipotecarie e catastali) and from any other indirect tax or other 
charge, levy, impost or duty; and 
(ix) 
CDP may grant loans to Public Entities having characteristics other than those 
referred to in points (ii) to (vii) above, provided that such other loans are granted 
to the Public Entities and are destined to be used in connection with measures 
satisfying a public interest. The characteristics of such loans are set forth by 
CDP taking into account their specific purpose, the features of the investment 
to be made by the relevant borrower and the characteristics of the borrower.

--- Page 128 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 128 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
In addition to the above, Italian Law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 authorises CDP to 
provide cash advances to municipalities as part of the treasury services performed by 
Poste Italiane. 
As at 31 December 2022, the stock of outstanding debt amounted to Euro 75.3 billion, 
which have decreased since the end of 2021 (Euro 75.4 billion).The total stock of 
residual debt and commitments amounted to Euro 81 billion, representing a  decrease 
from 31 December 2021 (which amounted to Euro 81.3 billion).  
The credit quality of the Public Administration area loan portfolio did not highlight any 
specific problem. 
B. Infrastructures 
The Infrastructure area arranges, structures and manages debt products (loans, 
guarantees, bonds), under both the Ordinary Account System and the Separate 
Account System.  
The Infrastructure area provides debt products in favour of infrastructure companies, 
owned by private and/or public counterparties and operating in the following sectors: 
construction (e.g. general contractors, plants), transportation (e.g. railways, highways, 
roads/toll roads, local public transport, ports/airports), social infrastructures (e.g. 
schools and hospitals), energy and utilities (e.g. conventional power, renewables, 
energy grid/storage, energy efficiency), environment (water services and waste) and 
telecommunications and digital infrastructure (e.g. broadband/ultrabroadband network, 
towers, data centres, satellites). Furthermore, the Infrastructure area provides project 
financing in favour of counterparts operating in any sector to the extent the relevant 
project is developed under a concession agreement or under a Public Private 
Partnership scheme. 
The Infrastructure area also provides debt products to support infrastructures 
investments of Italian companies in OECD countries.  
As of the end of December 2022, the infrastructure financing area’s portfolio of 
outstanding debt amounts to Euro 9.7 billion (increasing by 21 per cent over the figure 
recorded at December 2021).  
C. Lending to enterprises and support for international expansion 
Pursuant to the recent legislation mentioned above, funds under Article 5, paragraph 
7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 are also used by CDP in other supporting initiatives in 
favour of enterprises. 
Transactions in favour of small and medium-sized enterprises 
As mentioned above, pursuant to article 3, paragraph 4-bis of Law Decree No. 5 of 10 
February 2009 ("Law Decree 5"), as integrated by the budget law 2010, among the 
transactions listed in the amendment to letter (a) of paragraph 7 of Article 5, CDP may 
also carry out transactions in favour of small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") 
for the purpose of supporting the economy.

--- Page 129 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 129 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Pursuant to such legislation and CDP's by-laws, transactions in favour of SMEs may 
be conducted through the banking system or through the subscription of participations 
in investment funds managed by asset management companies authorised to carry 
out collective portfolio management activities pursuant to Article 33 of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, whose corporate purpose fulfils one or more of 
the institutional objectives of CDP. 
In the context of transactions conducted through the banking system, CDP assumes 
the risk of insolvency of the banks through which the funding is granted to the SMEs. 
In 2009, an amount of up to Euro 8 billion (the "Plafond PMI") was allocated to finance 
the banking system for the granting of loans in favour of SMEs, for investments and 
the increase of working capital. In July 2012, CDP completed the distribution of the 
entire amount of Euro 8 billion. 
In 2012, given SMEs’ continuing difficulties to access loans, CDP deemed it necessary 
to strengthen its commitment to supporting the economy, by making available a further 
amount of up to Euro 10 billion (the "New Plafond PMI"), Euro 8 billion of which has 
the same purpose as the Plafond PMI (the "New Plafond PMI – Investments"), but, 
with respect to the first plafond, the exposure of CDP towards the banks is guaranteed 
by the granting of security. CDP has also allocated Euro 2 billion of the New Plafond 
PMI to contribute towards solving the issues concerning the delays in payment by the 
public administration (the "New Plafond PMI - Claims vs. PA"). Through the 
resources provided by CDP, the banking system will carry out transactions in favour 
of SMEs having one or more claims against the public administration, arising out of 
contracts for works, services and supplies that have been certified as liquid and 
enforceable. 
In August 2014, in consideration of the Italian government's initiatives aimed at 
reducing stock of claims against the public administration (e.g. Law Decree No. 35 of 
2013), CDP closed the operation of the New Plafond PMI - Claims vs. PA and allocated 
its resources to the tranche of the Piattaforma Imprese dedicated to SMEs (as further 
described below). 
Pursuant to Article 2 of Law Decree No. 69 of 21 June 2013 ("Law Decree 69"), an 
amount of up to Euro 2.5 billion of funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) may 
be used to provide funds to the financial system for granting loans in favour of SMEs, 
to be allocated to investments in new machinery, plants and equipment (the "Capital 
Goods Funds"). The Ministry of Economic Development will directly grant a subsidy 
to those SMEs that are granted such loans, in order to reduce borrowing costs. As in 
the New Plafond PMI, the exposure of CDP towards the banks is guaranteed by the 
granting of security. Considering the great success of the initiative, the budget law for 
2015 (Law No. 190 of 23 December 2014) authorised CDP to double the resources of 
the Capital Goods Funds; consequently, in January 2015, CDP increased its 
resources to an amount of up to Euro 5 billion. 
Article 8 of Law Decree 3, converted into law with amendments by Law 33, amended 
Law Decree 69 by providing, among other things, that government grants may be 
provided to SMEs that have obtained a loan under Law Decree 69 that need not 
necessarily be drawn on the reserves of the Separate Account System of CDP. In 
order to implement this provision, on 17 March 2016, the Ministry of Economic 
Development, the Italian Banking Association ("ABI") and CDP entered into a further

--- Page 130 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 130 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
addendum to the agreement dedicated to the Capital Goods Funds. With the 
introduction of this addendum, important process and product improvements have 
been made, in particular through the introduction of a special line of funding that banks 
and financial institutions can use when loans granted with CDP's funds are guaranteed 
by the guarantee fund for SMEs. Again with reference to the Capital Goods Funds, on 
4 November 2016, CDP signed a loan agreement with the Council of Europe 
Development Bank (the "CEB") for an amount of Euro 150 million, in order to reduce 
the costs of CDP's funding. Additional loan agreements with the CEB, for amounts of 
Euro 290 million and Euro 150 million, were entered into on 18 April 2018 and 24 
January 2022 respectively. 
To incorporate certain provisions set forth by the funding agreements signed with the 
CEB, an addendum to the Agreement between the Ministry of Economic Development, 
CDP, and ABI was signed on April 14 2022. 
Pursuant to Article 20 of Law Decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019, converted into law with 
amendments by Law no. 58 of 28 June 2019, in December 2019 the Ministry of 
Economic Development, the ABI and CDP entered into a further addendum 
(“Addendum 2019”) to agreement dedicated to the Capital Goods Funds. The 
Addendum 2019 provided that (i) non-bank financial intermediaries compliant to the 
requirements established by Article No. 106 of the Banking Act other than leasing 
companies can use the line of funding that relates to the Capital Goods Funds, as long 
as their exposure is guaranteed by a bank that signed the relative Convention, (ii) the 
maximum overall amount of loans granted by banks to enterprises is increased from 
Euro 2 billion to Euro 4 billion, (iii) the subsidy to enterprises is paid on the basis of the 
project progress provided by the borrowing enterprises themselves, and (iv) for bank 
loans up to Euro 0,1 million, the subsidy to enterprises is paid in one solution. With 
reference to the subsidy paid in one solution referenced under (iv) above, Article 39, 
paragraph 1, of Law Decree No. 76 of 16 July 2020, converted into law with 
amendments by Law no. 120 of 11 September 2020, increased the maximum amount 
of bank loans granted to SMEs from Euro 0,1 million to Euro 0,2 million. Later on, the 
budget law for 2021 (paragraph 95, of Law No. 178 of 30 December 2020), by 
amending Law Decree 69, stated that the subsidy is paid in one solution for all 
applications submitted by SMEs to banks and financial intermediaries starting from 1 
January 2021. Later on, the budget law for 2022 (paragraph 48, of Law No. 234 of 30 
December 2021), stated that the subsidy is paid in several instalments for applications 
submitted by the enterprises from 1 January 2022, with the possibility of proceeding 
with the payment in a one solution, within the limits of the resources available, in the 
case of financing of an amount not exceeding Euro 0,2 million. 
Following the additional modifications to the relevant regulation enacted by a joint 
decree issued by the Minister of Economic Development and the Minister of Economy 
and Finance on April 22, 2022, an addendum to the Agreement between the Ministry 
of Economic Development, CDP, and ABI was signed on August 2 2022. 
The budget law for 2014 (Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013) extended the perimeters 
of operations for the purpose of supporting the economy, by amending Article 3, 
paragraph 4-bis of Law Decree 5, by introducing the possibility of providing funds, 
through banking intermediaries, for also granting loans to large enterprises.

--- Page 131 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 131 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Pursuant to such provisions and to CDP's by-laws, in January 2014, CDP launched 
several initiatives that, in continuity with the New Plafond PMI, have been the subject 
of a new agreement with the ABI in August 2014, dedicated to the Piattaforma 
Imprese. 
Firstly, in order to broaden the base of the potential beneficiaries, CDP adopted - both 
for the New Plafond PMI and the Piattaforma Imprese - a new definition of SME (from 
the EU-wide definition to the EIB definition, i.e. enterprises with less than 250 
employees, regardless of the economic data). 
Furthermore, in consideration of the imminent completion of the distribution of the 
entire amount of Euro 8 billion of the New Plafond PMI - Investments (that occurred in 
April 2015) - CDP enclosed all products (activated in accordance with Article 3, 
paragraph 4-bis of Law Decree 5) dedicated to promoting access to credit for 
enterprises through the intermediation of the banking system in the Piattaforma 
Imprese. The Piattaforma Imprese, with an amount of up to Euro 5 billion, is composed 
of: (i) a fund, dedicated to the same purpose as the previous Plafond PMI, for an 
amount of Euro 2 billion (from the resources of the New Plafond PMI - Claims vs. PA); 
(ii) a new fund, dedicated to "mid-cap" enterprises (i.e. those with up to 3,000 
employees), in an amount of Euro 2 billion for the granting of loans for investments 
and the increase of working capital; (iii) a new fund dedicated to SME networks, for an 
amount of up to Euro 500 million, aimed at supporting SMEs' consolidation and scale 
growth; and (iv) a new fund, originally dedicated only to post-financing of letters of 
credit, for an amount of up to Euro 500 million. With reference to the fund referenced 
under (iv) above, in February 2015 CDP extended its purpose to all types of export 
financing of Italian enterprises and increased its resources to an amount of up to Euro 
1 billion in order to enhance the supply of CDP in support of export and 
internationalisation of the enterprises. 
As in the New Plafond PMI, the exposure of CDP towards the banks in the Piattaforma 
Imprese is guaranteed by the granting of security. Furthermore, for the tranche 
dedicated to export, banks may constitute a pledge on Italian government bonds. 
On the basis of levels of application of the Piattaforma Imprese, and in order to 
increase its potential and efficiency, the Board of Directors in March 2016 resolved to: 
(a) 
increase the maximum overall amount of the Piattaforma Imprese (bringing it 
to Euro 10 billion), through the increase of Plafond PMI (i.e. medium-long-term 
funding to the Italian banking system dedicated to the financing of investments 
and working capital to SMEs, i.e. enterprises with a workforce of up to 249 
employees) and Plafond MID (i.e. medium/long-term funding to the Italian 
banking system dedicated to the financing of investments and working capital 
to so-called Mid Caps i.e. enterprises with a workforce of 250 to 3,000 
employees); in particular, the amount of Plafond PMI has been increased to 
Euro 6 billion, of which approximately Euro 984 million results from the transfer 
to Plafond PMI of the remaining amount available under the funding provided 
by CDP for operations aimed at supporting internationalisation and export credit, 
and the amount of the Plafond MID has been increased to Euro 3.5 billion; 
(b) 
introduce in the Plafond PMI and the Plafond MID further maturity or longer 
duration (12 years and 15 years only for bank loans granted to beneficiaries

--- Page 132 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 132 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
having operational headquarters in the Seismic Territories defined at Article 1 
of the Convention Piattaforma Imprese) - beyond the maximum duration 
ordinarily offered (10 years); and 
(c) 
redefine the scope of activity of the Plafond Reti PMI (now renamed Plafond 
Reti e Filiere), through the broadening of its capacity to finance; in particular, 
the financing of other forms of business combinations and also of companies 
such as Mid Caps. 
Such amendments to Piattaforma Imprese were implemented through an addendum 
to the agreement between CDP and the ABI, signed on 17 May 2016. Moreover, in 
order to boost the use of the funds and reduce the borrowing costs for enterprises also 
following the Covid-19 emergency, since 11 June 2020 (signing date of “Addendum 
2020” to the agreement between CDP and ABI referenced above) the three different 
Plafond that compose the Piattaforma Imprese (Plafond PMI, Plafond MID and Plafond 
Reti e Filiere) have benefited from a specific line of funding made available by the EIB, 
for an amount up to Euro 1.5 billion granted in blending with CDP resources, through 
the loan agreement between CDP and EIB signed on 4 June 2020.  
On August 2 2022, CDP’s Board of Directors authorized a set of measures to promote 
a greater use of the Piattaforma Imprese. These measures include: 
(a) 
the termination of the Plafond Reti e Filiere, with the remaining endowment of 
Euro 485,450,000.00, transferred to the Plafond PMI;  
(b) 
the extension of the possibility of employing, within the Piattaforma Imprese, 
the 15 year duration in favor of all eligible final recipients, thus overcoming the 
pre-existing rule which limited such a tenor only to companies located in the 
territories affected by the seismic events of 2009 and 2012; 
(c) 
introduction of a 18 year duration, reserved to banks with a high credit standing. 
These changes to the Piattaforma Imprese were incorporated through an addendum 
to the Agreement between CDP and ABI, signed on December 5 2022. 
On March 30 2023, CDP’s Board of Directors approved an additional increase in the 
endowment of the Piattaforma Imprese that reached the overall amount of Euro 12 
billion, consequently increasing the funds available for the sub-plafonds PMI and MID. 
Such an increase will be reflected, through a specific addendum, in the relevant CDP-
ABI agreement. 
In addition, following the completion of the reform of Title V of the Banking Act, which 
has subjected non-bank financial intermediaries to a supervisory regime equivalent to 
that applicable to banks, CDP in May 2016 approved an amendment to its by-laws, to 
include these intermediaries in those qualified to participate in the programme 
dedicated to supporting the economy. Among the measures that CDP made available 
to enterprises also following the slowdown in the economic and financial cycle 
associated with the Covid-19 emergency, in 2020 an amount of up to Euro 500 million 
(the "Plafond Confidi") was allocated to finance the collective credit guarantee 
consortium compliant to the requirements established by Article 106 of the Banking 
Act (“Confidi”) for the granting of loans in favour of SMEs, for investment projects and 
increase in working capital, while in 2021 an amount of up to Euro 1 billion (the

--- Page 133 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 133 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
“Plafond Leasing”) was allocated to finance the financial intermediaries authorised 
to carry out leasing activities in compliance with the requirements established by 
Article 106 of the Banking Act (“Società di Leasing”) for the granting of loans to SMEs 
and MID-CAPs, for investment projects. 
On August 2 2022, CDP’s Board of Directors was informed of certain interventions 
aimed at allowing a greater use of the Plafond Confidi. More specifically, such 
interventions increase the operational capabilities (in terms of available funds that can 
be borrowed) by individual counterparts. 
Also for the purpose of enhancing SMEs' access to bank lending, CDP on 25 May 
2016, launched a specific Euro 1 billion purchase programme of asset-backed 
securities ("ABS") guaranteed by SME loans originated by Italian banks (the "SME 
ABS"). The purchase programme has then been increased to Euro 1.5 billion in March 
2019 and to Euro 2.0 billion in August 2020. 
The initiative follows the provisions of the Stability Law 2014, which enabled the 
purchase of SME loan-backed securities – issued within the framework of the Italian 
Securitisation Law – by CDP. 
In the field of securitisation, CDP has also joined the EIF-NPIs Securitisation Initiative 
(the "ENSI Platform"), an initiative set up in cooperation between the European 
Investment Fund (the "EIF") and the main EU National Promotional Institutions, 
including CDP, with the aim of facilitating SMEs' access to bank lending through 
securitisation. 
Within the ENSI Platform, CDP has thus far purchased mezzanine tranches of SME 
loan-backed securities for about Euro 250 million, in five different transactions, all 
covered by a first-demand guarantee issued by the EIF. 
Since the end of 2017, outside the scope of the ENSI Platform, CDP has also 
purchased senior tranches of SME ABS for a total of approximately Euro 1.230 million, 
in six different transactions. 
Within the same business line, in the last years CDP also purchased ABS backed by 
non-performing loans with a State guarantee (so-called GACS) for a total of Euro 170 
million.  
Along with that which is provided for by the Plafond Casa (as defined below) (in the 
purchase of Italian covered bonds and residential mortgage-backed securities), the 
originator of ABS is requested to commit itself – by means of a side letter – to disburse 
new SME loans for an amount at least equal to the securitisation tranches purchased 
by CDP. 
On 3 March 2021, CDP's Board of Directors approved a specific Euro 1 billion 
purchase programme of Environmental, Social and Governance bonds (the “ESG 
Bond”) originated by Italian banks and other financial institutions. As above-
mentioned, also in the case of ESG Bond, the originator is requested to commit itself 
– by means of a side letter – to disburse new loans to enterprises for an amount at 
least equal to the tranche purchased by CDP. In 2022 CDP has provided funding to 
two domestic financial institutions within the ESG Bond.

--- Page 134 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 134 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Transactions for financial institutions' capital optimisation in favour of SMEs' access to 
bank lending 
In the field of financial institutions' capital optimisation, in the second quarter of 2016, 
CDP started a cooperation with the EIF aimed at implementing an investment platform 
named "EFSI Thematic Investment Platform for Italian SMEs" (the “EFSI Thematic 
Investment Platform”) for the provision of guarantees in favour of SMEs. The EFSI 
Thematic Investment Platform, approved within the Investment Plan for Europe (the 
“Juncker Plan”) framework on 23 September 2016, allows CDP to issue guarantees 
on 80 per cent. of newly originated bank loan/guarantee portfolios. The EFSI Thematic 
Investment Platform was officially launched on 16 December 2016. 
The scheme features the activation of two forms of counter-guarantees in favour of 
CDP: 1) by the EIF, granted free of charge and backed by EU funds (e.g. COSME; 
CCS; other), on a share of CDP's exposure (e.g. 50-70 per cent.); and 2) by the MEF, 
granted upon consideration and backed by the monetary fund provided for by Article 
1, paragraph 825 of the Stability Law 2016, on 30 per cent. of CDP's exposure. This 
last form of counter-guarantee is merely optional for CDP and it has been activated 
just on the first transaction. In any case, CDP’s risk exposure is at least 20 per cent. 
On the EFSI Thematic Investment Platform, CDP executed two transactions backed 
by COSME funds (Competitiveness of Enterprises and Small and Medium-sized 
Enterprises) relating to new portfolios of SME guarantees originated by the Italian SME 
Guarantee Fund (established by Article 2, paragraph 100, letter (a) of Law No. 662 of 
23 December 1996), that have been counter-guaranteed by CDP for an overall amount 
of about Euro 6.1 billion, with a 80 per cent. guarantee rate and a predetermined loss 
cap. 
The first of the two transactions, performed between June 2017 and March 2019, 
allowed the granting of new bank loans to more than 47 thousand SMEs for an overall 
amount of approximately Euro 4 billion. The second one started in July 2019 and in 
2020, due to the Covid-19 pandemic, it was increased by the EIF with additional 
resources, reaching over 63 thousand SMEs with more than Euro 5 billion of new 
financing.  
Another transaction on the EFSI Thematic Investment Platform, whose structure is 
similar to the previous ones was signed on 29 March 2018 than amended on 8 October 
2019 and on 18 June 2020. The initiative provides for 80 per cent. of counter-
guarantees, with a 10 per cent. loss cap, in favour of the Italian SME Guarantee Fund 
to cover a Euro 350 million worth portfolio comprising new guarantees to SMEs of the 
creative and cultural sectors. The scheme features the activation by CDP of a counter-
guarantee provided by the EIF, free of charge, backed by the “Creative Europe” 
(through the Creative and Cultural Sectors Guarantee Facility) Programme funds, on 
70 per cent. of CDP's exposure. 
In continuing their cooperation, the EIF and CDP in 2021 implemented a new counter-
guarantee operation using the resources of the Pan-European Guarantee Fund, 
established by certain Member States of the European Union to respond to the 
economic impact of the Covid-19 pandemic outbreak (The “EGF”). The scheme of the 
initiative, similar to previous operations using resources from the COSME Programme, 
now completed, allows CDP to issue guarantees on 80 per cent. of new operations

--- Page 135 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 135 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
originating by the Italian SME Guarantee Fund originally up to Euro 4,5 billion, with a 
maximum cap on first losses set at 15 per cent. of the guaranteed amount. This 
guarantee line is assisted by a 70 per cent. counter-guarantee issued by the EIF 
granted upon consideration. 
At the end of 2021, the EIF and CDP increased the maximum transaction volume from 
the original amount of Euro 4,5 billion to Euro 12,5 billion and CDP's 80 per cent. 
guarantee from Euro 3,6 billion to Euro 10 billion. The increase in the value of the CDP 
guarantee up to Euro 10 billion makes it by far the largest operation ever carried out 
in Europe within the EGF Programme. Thanks to the significant leverage effect of the 
operational scheme, on the basis of the most updated reports (i.e. January 2023), new 
loans to final recipients amount to over Euro 10 billion in favor of around 50 thousand 
SMEs. 
In line with the provisions of the Stability Law 2016 that authorises CDP to execute 
“financial instruments” backed by ESI Funds (European Investment and Structural 
Funds) as per Regulation (UE, EURATOM) n. 966/2012 and Regulation (UE) n. 
1303/2013, on 15 March 2018, CDP entered into a financing agreement with the 
Emilia-Romagna Region. Pursuant to this agreement, CDP has been assigned 
regional funds that will be employed to issue 80 per cent. counter-guarantees, with a 
10 per cent. loss cap, on new SME guarantee portfolios originated by the mutual credit 
guarantee consortia Confidi (“Confidi”), up to approximately Euro 120 million. The aim 
of this initiative is to broaden Confidi’s capacity to issue new guarantees in order to 
enhance SMEs’ chances to obtain bank loans. The sums assigned by the Region will 
be used to cover 70 per cent. of CDP’s exposure. A second agreement, with the same 
structure, was executed in 2019 and contains the provision of 80 per cent. of counter-
guarantees, with a 10 per cent. loss cap, in favour of Confidi to cover a Euro 90 million 
worth portfolio of new guarantees to regional SMEs in the tourism sector.  
In line with the provisions of the Legislative Decree n. 148/2017 that authorise CDP to 
contribute in order to increase the financial endowment of the Italian SME Guarantee 
Fund, on 18 October 2019 CDP entered into an agreement with the Ministry of 
economy and finance and the Ministry of economic development to define the main 
features of the initiative. Since January 2020, CDP signed n. 11 agreements with 
Confidi and Private Social Security Institutions in order to activate specific special sub-
sections within the Italian SME Guarantee Fund. 
Among the measures enacted by the Italian government to respond to the Covid-19 
pandemic, the guarantee rates offered by the Italian SME Guarantee Fund have been 
substantially increased. Consequently, the above-mentioned special sections has not 
been launched. Between January and March 2023, the Ministry of enterprises and 
made in Italy (i.e. the former Ministry of economic development) approved the 
establishment of a special section by CDP, composed by the above-mentioned 11 
sub-sections. 
Transactions to support “alternative financing” 
The role of CDP in promoting alternative sources of finance to support SMEs and Mid-
Caps, may be divided into two different lines of action: 
• 
anchor investor in basket bonds: this is an innovative scheme of transaction 
which will provide companies with an attractive long-term funding solution;

--- Page 136 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 136 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
the innovative funding tool is represented by ABS collateralised by a basket 
of bonds issued by the companies. There are different kinds of basket bonds 
depending on the security package available: (i) “Regional Basket Bond” 
(drawn on the reserves of the Separate Account System), in which selected 
Regions use their own funds in order to enhance the structure with a cash 
collateral guarantee and (ii) “Market Basket Bond” (implemented within the 
Ordinary Account System), in which there aren’t any guarantees provided 
by public entities. However, it is possible to evaluate private guarantees for 
this programme settled at market conditions. 
• 
Anchor Investor in Diversified Debt Funds (“DDF”): CDP subscribes units of 
funds drawn on the reserves of the Separate Account System, preferably 
jointly with the EIF, in which business models geared towards diversification 
and granularity of portfolios (at least 25-30 tickets), with an average ticket 
lower than Euro 10 million. 
• 
Transfer of Tax Credits (implemented within the Ordinary Account System): 
CDP purchases the tax credits accrued by Italian companies on building 
renovation and energy efficiency projects that are eligible for tax benefits, 
where payment is using “invoice discount”, taking advantage of CDPs fiscal 
capacity. Through this program CDP allows companies to recover liquidity 
faster than under legislation. CDP has acquired approximately 400 €/mln of 
tax credits. 
On the first segment, CDP has been participating as anchor investor to twelve 
programs: i) “ELITE basket bond” (Separate Account System), which at the end of 
2017 has involved 10 Mid-Caps for a total amount of Euro 122 million (Euro 40 million 
CDP ticket), in this case, the portfolio benefits from a mutualistic guarantee provided 
by the issuer; ii) "Export Basket Bond Program" (Separate Account System), which 
has involved 11 SMEs and mid-caps for a total amount of Euro 62 million (Euro 31 
million CDP ticket) in which SACE offers its guarantee to the ABS Investors; iii) 
“Lombardia Basket Bond” (Ordinary Account System), that is a programme “plain 
vanilla” for a maximum amount of Euro 80 million, which has involved in the first two 
closing 4 Mid-Caps for a total amount of Euro 37 million (Euro 18,5 million CDP ticket); 
iv) “Garanzia Campania Bond” (Separate Account System), a Regional Basket Bond 
programme with a maximum amount of Euro 148 million, that involves companies 
located in Campania and is structured with a credit enhancement made available by 
“Sviluppo Campania” to cover 100 per cent. of the first losses recorded on the portfolio 
with a 25 per cent. cap to be calculated from time to time on the nominal amount of 
the minibonds issued. Within the program, 65 companies have been financed in nine 
closings for a total amount of Euro 144 million (Euro 72 million CDP ticket); v) “Basket 
Bond Puglia” (Separate Account System) is a Regional Basket Bond with a maximum 
amount of Euro 160 million and aims to finance companies located in Puglia, with a 
credit enhancement provided by “Puglia Sviluppo” equal to 25 per cent. of the total 
issue. It has involved, in the first six closings, 27 companies for a total amount of Euro 
111 million (Euro 52 million CDP ticket); vi) “Basket Bond di Filiera Strategica” 
(Ordinary Account System), a “Market Basket Bond Program” which aims to sustain 
the main strategic supply chain, that at the end of 2022 has involved 12 companies (8 
in the wine sector and 4 in the film industry) for a total amount of Euro 67 million (Euro 
33.5 million CDP ticket); vii) “Basket Bond Euronext Growth” (Ordinary Account 
System), a “Market Basket Bond Program” designed to support companies listed on

--- Page 137 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 137 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
the Euronext Growth Segment of the Italian Stock Exchange. Within the program, 7 
companies have been financed in one closing for a total amount of Euro 33 million 
(Euro 16.5 million CDP ticket); viii) “Basket Bond Sella” (Ordinary Account System) a 
“Market Basket Bond Program” intended to support Italian companies. Within the 
program there has been two closings with 5 companies for a total amount of Euro 49.5 
million (Euro 19.8 million CDP ticket); ix) “Basket Bond BPER” (Ordinary Account 
System) with a guarantee issued by the European Investment Bank ("EIB") covering 
up to 90% of the first losses of the minibonds with a cap set at 35% of the nominal 
value of each portfolio of minibonds issued by Italian SMEs and Mid-Caps selected by 
BPER Banca in compliance with the eligibility criteria established within the guarantee 
agreement signed between EIB and CDP. In 2022 four closings were finalized for a 
total amount of Euro 112 million (Euro 56 million CDP ticket) and 15 issuing 
companies; x) “Basket Bond Italia” (Ordinary Account System) with a guarantee issued 
by the European Investment Bank ("EIB") covering up to 90% of the first losses of the 
minibonds with a cap set at 35% of the nominal value of each portfolio of minibonds 
issued by Italian SMEs and Mid-Caps selected by Banca Finint in compliance with the 
eligibility criteria established within the guarantee agreement signed between EIB and 
CDP. The program has involved 22 companies for a total amount of Euro 97.3 million 
(Euro 48.7 million CDP ticket); xi) “Basket Bond CAI” (Ordinary Account System) with 
a guarantee issued by the European Investment Bank ("EIB") covering up to 90% of 
the first losses of the minibonds with a cap set at 35% of the nominal value of each 
portfolio of minibonds issued by Italian SMEs and Mid-Caps selected by Crédit 
Agricole Italia in compliance with the eligibility criteria established within the guarantee 
agreement signed between EIB and CDP. Within the program, 6 companies have 
been financed in three closings for a total amount of Euro 37 million (Euro 18.5 million 
CDP ticket); xii) “Basket Bond ESG” (Ordinary Account System) with a guarantee 
issued by the European Investment Bank ("EIB") covering up to 90% of the first losses 
of the minibonds with a cap set at 35% of the nominal value of each portfolio of 
minibonds issued by Italian SMEs and Mid-Caps selected by Unicredit in compliance 
with the eligibility criteria established within the guarantee agreement signed between 
EIB and CDP. The program has involved 8 companies for a total amount of Euro 48 
million (Euro 24 million CDP ticket). 
On the second segment of activity, within the Separate Account System, CDP has 
approved 8 investments in DDF for a total amount of Euro 355 million, that are 
expected to catalyse more than Euro 2.0 billion to support SMEs and mid-caps 
financing. 
*** 
In order to increase access to lending by enterprises, CDP starting in 2016, has 
developed a business line consisting of direct lending, through both bonds and loans, 
to specialised financial institutions, commercial banks and other CDP Group’s financial 
entities (i.e. Simest) to enhance their capability to finance the real economy. 
Within this business line, starting from 2019 CDP also  signed (a) a Euro 500 million 
financing agreement with an Italian banking group to increase lending to SMEs and 
Midcaps in southern Italy (“Mezzogiorno”), (b) a Euro 1 billion financing agreement 
with an Italian banking group to increase lending to SMEs and Midcaps affected by 
Covid-19 emergency, (c) Euro 500 million financing agreements with an Italian 
banking group to increase lending to SMEs and Midcaps operating in tourism and

--- Page 138 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 138 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
agriculture/agritech sector. and (d) a Euro 1 billion financing agreement with a major 
Italian banking group in order to increase lending to Italian SMEs and Midcaps 
companies to overcome the difficulties caused by the Covid-19 pandemic crisis and to 
fund new development and growth projects. In 2022, CDP has also entered into 
several financing agreements with Italian banking groups, among which: (a) Euro 750 
million to finance SMEs and Midcaps in target sectors with a focus on the Mezzogiorno, 
(b) Euro 300 million to promote the sustainable growth and the green transition of 
Italian SMEs and Midcaps, (c) Euro 200 million to support the manufacturing sector in 
Italy and (d) Euro 250 million to finance Italian SMEs and Midcaps’ investments with 
positive environmental impact. 
CDP has also provided funding to several Italian financial institutions to support Italian 
enterprises for initiatives for their growth, promotion of sustainable development and 
green economy and with social impacts, also according to the provision of the CDP 
Article of Association related to “Ordinary Account System”. 
Other transactions in favour of enterprises and other entities under special law 
provisions 
Funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) are also used by CDP in other supporting 
initiatives in favour of enterprises and other entities established under special law 
provisions, such as the funds indicated below. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 354 to 361, of Law No. 311 of 30 December 2004 
(the budget law for 2005) which reformed certain public incentives in order to (i) 
transform such incentives from the Italian State's sunk contribution to subsidised loans 
granted by CDP (in some cases in addition to a sunk contribution granted directly by 
the Italian State), and (ii) to involve the banking system in the evaluations relating to 
the granting of public incentives, providing for its direct participation in the related risks 
through the necessary complementary granting of medium-long-term loans under 
market conditions - a revolving reserve fund (Fondo rotativo per il sostegno alle 
imprese e gli investimenti in ricerca) (the "Revolving Fund for Enterprises") was 
implemented, within the Separate Account System, for the granting of fixed rate 
subsidised loans with CDP funding (the "Subsidised Loans"). 
The Revolving Fund for Enterprises initial resources have been established by law for 
an amount equal to Euro 6,000 million and such funds are distributed among various 
incentive programme by CIPESS (the Inter-Ministerial Committee for Economic 
Programming and Sustainable Development) that also determines, inter alia, the 
general criteria for the issuance of Subsidised Loans and the minimum interest rate 
applicable to the beneficiaries of the Subsidised Loans. The minimum annual interest 
rate applicable to the beneficiaries of the Subsidised Loans currently provided for is 
0.50 per cent., with their maximum duration being 15 years. 
The interest rate payable on amounts disbursed by CDP as Subsidised Loans is 
determined by virtue of a MEF decree as interest due to CDP. The difference between 
the rate thus established and the Subsidised Loans interest rate due by the relevant 
beneficiary is charged to the Italian State, together with an overall amount equal to 
0.40 per cent. of the amount granted annually as Subsidised Loans by way of 
reimbursement of the expenses incurred by CDP in managing the fund.

--- Page 139 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 139 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
As to the involvement of the banking system in the granting of public incentives, the 
above-mentioned reform provides that having access to a medium-long-term loan 
granted under market conditions by a banking institution (the "Lender") is an eligibility 
requirement to obtain CDP Subsidised Loans. The evaluation of the duration, amount 
and conditions (including the security package, if necessary) of the bank loan and the 
CDP Subsidised Loan are entrusted to the Lender, which is therefore responsible for 
the evaluation of the creditworthiness of the beneficiary, provided that the bank loan 
and the Subsidised Loan shall be guaranteed by the same security package, if any. 
The obligation of reimbursing the Subsidised Loan and related interests is assisted, 
as a final and residual resource, by a guarantee granted by the Italian State, provided 
for by decree of the MEF as modified on July 22 2022 and issued in accordance with 
the criteria, conditions and patterns established in the decree. 
Currently the highest quota (above 57 per cent.) of the Revolving Fund for Enterprises' 
resources is allocated to the research and development sectors. Pursuant to Article 
30 of Law Decree No. 83 of 22 June 2012 ("Law Decree 83"), as amended by Article 
26 of Law Decree No 34/2019 (“Growth Decree”), starting from 2020 CDP carries out 
a survey, involving the competent public authorities, about the unused resources of 
the Revolving Fund for Enterprises 70 per cent. of such amount shall be set aside for 
the purposes of a fund constituted by the Ministry of Economic Development (the 
"Fund for Sustainable Growth"). Such percentage decreases to 50 per cent for the 
3-year period 2022-2024, on the basis of the law modifications as of Article 3, 
paragraph 9-bis, of Law Decree 152/2021. 
During 2022, new initiatives on the Revolving Fund for Enterprises have been 
launched, as specified below. 
On 29 August 2022, the Ministry of Tourism, the ABI and CDP signed a framework 
agreement to support support enterprises in the tourism sector. The initiative has a 
budget of (i) Euro 180 million for the provision of non-repayable grants from the 
National Recovery and Resilience Plan (NRRP), in addition to (ii) subsidised loans, 
granted by CDP, for a maximum if Euro 600 million, as assigned by the CIPESS 
Resolution of 14 April 2022. 
On February 2022, the CIPESS assigned to Ministry of Agricultural, Food and Forestry 
Policies, further Euro 900 million from the Revolving Fund for Enterprises to promote 
the integration of the supply chain of the agricultural and agri-food system and the 
strengthening of the agri-food districts, of which about Euro 350 million to increase the 
previous initiative and the remaining part for new initiatives. On 20 September 2022, 
the Ministry of Agriculture, Food Sovereignty and Forest and CDP signed a framework 
agreement defining, inter alia, procedures for the granting of facilitated loans intended 
to favour the integration of the supply chain of the agricultural and agri-food (“V Bando 
– Contratti di Filiera”).  
With regard to the social sector during the last two years, the Ministry of Enterprises 
and Made In Italy has modified the framework of public incentives and, consequently, 
on 12 October 2022 CDP, ABI and the Ministry signed an addendum to the previous 
framework agreement signed on 20 July 2017, that implements the changes aimed at 
(i) including cultural and creative enterprises, (ii) increasing non-refundable grant 
quota and (iii) simplifying procedures for accessing the subsidised intervention.

--- Page 140 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 140 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
On 16 November 2022 CDP, ABI and the Ministry of Enterprises and Made in Italy 
signed an addendum to the Agreement for the implementation of the measures of the 
Fund for Sustainable Growth, for the activation of an initiative in favour of the Green 
New Deal, for an amount up to Euro 600 million. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 855 - 859 of Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006, (the 
budget law for 2007), the operation of the Revolving Fund for Enterprises has been 
extended to regional subsidy measures, increasing resources up to a maximum of 
Euro 2,000 million. In line with the national level, the Regional Revolving Fund for 
Enterprises is based on subsidised loans granted by CDP, in addition to a sunk 
contribution granted directly by the Region, in pool with the banking system, focused 
on specific sectors identified by regional Laws. A first regional agreement has been 
signed on 26 June 2020 by CDP and ABI with the Campania Region. 
Furthermore, Law Decree No. 39 of 28 April 2009 as converted with modifications into 
law ("Law Decree 39") introduced some urgent provisions in favour of the population 
of the Region of Abruzzo which was affected by earthquakes in April 2009. Pursuant 
to Article 3, paragraph 3 of Law Decree 39, funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter 
(a) may be used, in an amount of up to Euro 2 billion, for the granting of funds to banks 
which operate in the areas affected by the earthquakes in order for them to grant 
subsidised loans to the people residing in such affected areas for the reconstruction 
or repair of properties classifiable as principal home which have been destroyed or 
declared inhabitable, or for the purchase of new properties also to be used as principal 
homes in substitution of those destroyed by the earthquakes. The reimbursement of 
the loans by the final beneficiaries to the banks will be guaranteed by the Republic of 
Italy pursuant to terms and modalities to be established by decree of the MEF. 
Pursuant to Article 3, paragraph 3-bis of Law Decree 39, introduced by Article 4, 
paragraph 8-bis of Law Decree No. 133 of 2014, converted into Law No. 164 of 2014, 
the reimbursement of the loans by the banks to CDP is guaranteed by the Republic of 
Italy pursuant to the terms and practicalities established by decree of the MEF. In 
particular, the decree established that this public guarantee is on first demand, 
irrevocable and unconditional. In December 2012, CDP completed the distribution of 
the entire amount of Euro 2 billion. 
In order to remedy the damage caused by the earthquake of May 2012 which affected 
some of the northern regions of Italy, the Italian government promoted, in favour of the 
population of the regions of Emilia-Romagna, Lombardy and Veneto, the so-called 
"Plafond Ricostruzione Sisma 2012", for an amount of Euro 6 billion through Article 
3-bis of Law Decree No. 95 of 6 July 2012. The Plafond may be used for the granting 
of funds to banks which operate in the areas affected by the earthquakes in order for 
them to grant subsidised loans (with a maximum duration of 25 years) to the people 
residing and the enterprises operating in such affected areas for the reconstruction or 
repair of properties for residential and productive use, including plants and equipment. 
In both cases, the reimbursement of the loans by the banks to CDP is guaranteed by 
the Republic of Italy pursuant to the terms and practicalities established by decrees of 
the MEF. In particular, the decrees established that these public guarantees are on 
first demand, irrevocable and unconditional. For financing the same interventions as 
described above, CDP and EIB signed four loan agreements for a total amount of Euro 
1,600 million.

--- Page 141 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 141 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
In addition, to implement the provisions of Article 1, paragraphs 422 to 428 of the 
Stability Law 2016, CDP approved, on 25 May 2016, the establishment of a new 
plafond of up to Euro 1.5 billion (the "Plafond Eventi Calamitosi"), dedicated to the 
financing of interventions of private and productive reconstruction after natural 
disasters that occurred throughout Italy from 2013. The guidelines and application 
rules of the Plafond Eventi Calamitosi were defined through an agreement entered 
into with ABI on 17 November 2016. In order to finance the same interventions 
described above, CDP and EIB signed a loan agreement for an amount of Euro 230 
million in November 2017 and a loan agreement for an amount of Euro 300 million in 
December 2019. 
Moreover, in order to remedy the damage caused by several earthquakes that struck 
the territories of Central Italy from 24 August 2016, Article 5 of Law Decree No. 189 of 
17 October 2016 introduced a new instrument (the "Plafond Sisma Centro Italia"), 
that replicates the mechanisms of the Plafond Ricostruzione Sisma 2012. In particular, 
it may be used for the granting of funds to banks which operate in the areas affected 
by the earthquakes in order for them to grant subsidised loans (with a maximum 
duration of 25 years) to the people residing and the enterprises operating in such 
affected areas for the reconstruction or repair of properties for residential and 
productive purposes, including plants and equipment. The reimbursement of the loans 
by the banks to CDP is guaranteed by the Republic of Italy pursuant to the terms and 
practicalities established by a decree of the MEF. In particular, the decree established 
that these public guarantees are on first demand, irrevocable and unconditional. The 
maximum amount of the Plafond Sisma Centro Italia falls within the annual limit set by 
the budget law for 2017, subsequently increased by the budget law for 2022 and by 
the budget law for 2023. The guidelines and application rules of the Plafond Sisma 
Centro Italia were defined in an agreement with ABI, signed on 18 November 2016. 
In support of the Plafond Sisma Centro Italia, CDP signed the following provisional 
financing contracts: (i) on June 26 2017 with the EIB, amounting to Euro 1 billion; (ii) 
on 12 January 2018, with the CEB for an amount of Euro 350 million; (iii) on September 
7 2022, with the EIB for an amount of Euro 500 million. The use of CEB funds, as well 
as the EIB’s ones, enables CDP to apply advantageous financing conditions to the 
benefit of the Italian Government.  
To implement certain provisions of the provisional supply contracts signed with the 
EIB and the CEB, an addendum to the agreement between CDP and ABI was signed 
on December 5 2022. 
On February 27 2023, CDP and the CEB have signed an additional loan agreement 
of Euro 350 million that is yet to become operational.  
As part of the initiatives in favour of the territories of Central Italy affected by the 
earthquakes from 24 August 2016, the CDP Board of Directors on 27 February 2017 
approved the establishment of a plafond of an amount of up to Euro 560 million (the 
"Plafond Moratoria Sisma Centro Italia"), dedicated to the granting of funds to banks 
in order for them to grant subsidised loans (with a maximum duration of eight years) 
to the enterprises and workers operating in such affected areas for the deferment of 
payment of taxes in accordance with Article 11 of Law Decree No. 8 of 9 February 
2017 ("Law Decree 8"). The reimbursement of the loans by the banks to CDP is 
guaranteed by the Republic of Italy pursuant to the terms and practicalities that will be

--- Page 142 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 142 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
established by a decree of the MEF. The guidelines of such instrument have been 
defined through a special agreement entered into with the ABI on 3 July 2017. 
Article 2, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b) of Law Decree No. 102 of 31 August 2013, 
introduced the possibility for CDP to use funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) 
for the residential sector. In particular, the provisions allowed CDP to (a) provide funds 
to the banking system for the granting of mortgages in favour of individuals, dedicated 
to the purchase of residential property, with priority given to principal houses, and to 
restructuring costs intended to improve energy efficiency; and (b) to purchase cover 
bonds and asset-backed securities, with underlying residential mortgages. Such 
legislation allowed CDP to launch, respectively, two initiatives, for a total amount of 
Euro 5 billion, allocated as follows: (i) Euro 2 billion dedicated to the Plafond Casa, 
and (ii) Euro 3 billion to the purchase of securities. 
On the basis of levels of application of the resources of the Plafond Casa, in March 
2016 the Board of Directors resolved to increase the maximum amount of (i) Plafond 
Casa to Euro 3 billion, implemented by an addendum to the agreement between CDP 
and the ABI, executed on 7 April 2016; and (ii) the programme of purchase of 
securities, from Euro 3 billion to Euro 5 billion. 
Finally, the Kyoto Fund, established by Article 1, paragraphs 1110 to 1115 of Law No. 
296 of 27th of December 2006, is a fund consisting of an amount of up to Euro 600 
million of public resources, for the granting of subsidised loans in order to reduce 
emissions responsible for the greenhouse effect and energy efficiency. The 
aforementioned legislation confers the management of the fund to CDP. 
Through the Kyoto Fund, subsidised loans may be granted, at a rate of 0.50 per cent. 
per annum, with maturities ranging from three to six years (15 years for the public 
sector). The other beneficiaries can be enterprises, individuals, condominiums and 
private legal entities. 
The first window of the Kyoto Fund has been active since March 2012. 
The purposes of the Kyoto Fund have been redefined by Article 57 of Law Decree No. 
83. In particular, funds reserved for enterprises (ESCos included) shall be used for 
granting subsidised loans for projects in green economy sectors and connected to the 
safety of the territory from hydrogeological and seismic risks. The second window of 
the Kyoto Fund was fully implemented in the first half of 2013. 
More recently, pursuant to Article 9 of Law Decree No. 91 of 2014 ("Law Decree 91"), 
converted into Law No. 116 of 2014, the Kyoto Fund has been subject to further 
reform: the remaining resources of the Kyoto Fund, for an amount of up to Euro 350 
million, may be used for the granting of subsidised loans to Public Entities in order to 
implement measures to increase the energy efficiency of school buildings, including 
kindergartens and university end-use efficiency, with CDP being confirmed as 
manager of the fund. The effective implementation of this provision has been defined 
by a decree of the Minister of the Ecological Transition (“MASE”) and the Minister of 
Economy and Finance (“MEF”), in consultation with the Minister of Economic 
Development and the Minister of Education, University and Research. This window 
lasted until 31st of December 2018. Furthermore, budget law 2019 (Law No. 145/2018) 
extended the scope of the subsidised loans that can be granted to Public Entities, 
including the financing of energy efficiency and water saving interventions to building

--- Page 143 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 143 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
used for public health or as sporting venues. The guidelines and implementing rules 
for the use of resources (“Kyoto Fund 5”) were defined by a decree No. 65 of 11th of 
February 2021 of the MASE and the MEF, in consultation with the Minister of 
Economic Development, the Minister of Education, University and Research. On the 
17th of May 2021 was signed between the MASE and CDP a separate supplementary 
act ("Kyoto Addendum 5") defining the methods of managing the subsidised loans 
referred to in Decree No. 65/2021. Later on, the 22nd June 2021, the notice of the 
opening of the window for the submission of applications for the granting of low-
interest loans from the Kyoto Fund 5 was published, which was opened for a total of 
180 days (until the 20th of December 2021). 
Afterwards, the MASE decided to reopen the window for the submission of 
applications to Kyoto Fund 5 and, the 10th of March 2022, the related notice was 
published and it stated that the window would have been open until the 31st of July 
2022. A few months later, with a new notice dated the 24th of October 2022, there was 
a further reopening of that window, until the 31st of December 2022. 
According to the law regulation, the MASE is involved in the examination of all the 
technical and administrative documents connected to the application for Kyoto Fund 
5 low-interest loans, while CDP is uncharged to evaluate the formal correspondence 
of the documentation provided by the applicants to what is required by that regulation. 
Furthermore, CDP manages and supervises the subsidised loans through all their “life 
process”.  
Corporate Lending 
The Corporate Lending Department (“Finanziamenti Imprese”), is in charge of the 
financing of initiatives promoted, both in Italy and abroad, by middle-size capitalization 
enterprises and large corporates, with the aim of supporting the economy and fostering 
the international expansion of Italian corporates. Furthermore, CDP supports the 
export of Italian companies, by granting to foreign counterparts (enterprises, 
governments and banks) direct or indirect loans for the purchase of goods and/or 
services from domestic corporates (or their subsidiaries/foreign affiliates).  
In 2022 the Corporate Lending Department continued pursuing the mission of ensuring 
financial support, in a complementary role to the banking system, to companies that 
operate in a large number of sectors (including, but not limited to, industrial, agri-food, 
automotive, chemical and pharmaceutical, bio-chemical, publishing, manufacturing, 
mechanical, instrumental, IT, electronics, commercial, mass distribution, logistics, 
aerospace and defence, construction, real estate, media, shipping, iron, steel, metal, 
cement, paper, glass, wood, plastics, materials, culture, tourism, fashion, luxury and 
services, excluding sectors reserved to other CDP departments), through direct 
lending products of any kind, under the Ordinary Account System or the Separate 
Account System in accordance with regulations and CDP by-laws.  
With regard to domestic direct lending, as at 31 December 2022, the stock of 
outstanding debt amounted to Euro 5.4 billion, recording a decrease of 10.0 per cent 
over the stock at the end of 2021 (equal to Euro 6.0 billion). The reduction in the stock 
of loans and bonds was mainly driven by lower subscription of new deals during 2022 
compared to 2021, when a larger number of lending operations were disbursed to 
support the liquidity needs of Italian companies affected by the Covid-19 pandemic.

--- Page 144 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 144 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
With regard to Export & International Financing, as at 31 December 2022, the stock of 
outstanding debt amounted to Euro 11.8 billion, recording an increase of 19.0 per cent 
over the stock at the end of 2021 (when it was equal to Euro 9.9 billion). 
As mentioned above, Article 8 of Law Decree 78 originally authorised the use of 
funding sources within the Separate Account System, including the use of postal 
savings, for operations aimed at supporting internationalisation and export credit, 
provided that the intervention by CDP is supported by guarantee or insurance policies 
issued by SACE. Article 8 has been implemented through a decree issued by the MEF 
on 22 January 2010. 
Subsequently, Article 1, paragraph 44, of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 (the so-
called "Stability Law 2014"), as amended by Article 8 of Law Decree 78, established 
that the intervention of CDP in internationalisation and export were not limited to 
transactions guaranteed or insured by SACE but, more generally, by another 
insurance institution whose obligations are guaranteed by a State. 
Consequently, on 23 December 2014, the MEF issued a new decree in respect of the 
Stability Law 2014, published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 35 of 
12 February 2015, implementing the amendments introduced by the Stability Law 
2014, pursuant to which CDP is authorised to: (i) provide, at market conditions, the 
banks with the necessary funding to grant loans in connection with transactions for the 
internationalisation of enterprises and exportation, provided that such transactions are 
insured or guaranteed by SACE or other export credit agencies, from national 
development banks or other financial institutions established pursuant to international 
agreements; and (ii) directly finance, at market conditions, transactions to support the 
internationalisation of enterprises and exportation, provided that such transactions are 
guaranteed or insured by any export credit agencies, national development banks or 
other financial institutions established pursuant to international agreements, in the 
case of financing transactions for amounts exceeding Euro 25 million. Such direct 
lending provides up to 50 per cent. of total funding in the event of co-financing or for a 
higher percentage should the particular temporal characteristics or dimensions of the 
financing not be compatible with the intervention of the banking system. 
Subject to the above provisions, financial conditions applicable to financing described 
above are defined on a case by case basis in accordance with market conditions. 
Pursuant to Article 3 of Law Decree No. 3 of 24 January 2015 ("Law Decree 3"), as 
converted with amendments into Law No. 33 of 24 March 2015 ("Law 33"), Article 8 
of Law Decree 78 has been further amended. Article 8 provides that CDP may support 
export credit and internationalisation transactions also without the insurance or 
guarantee of SACE or any other export credit agencies, national development banks 
or other financial institutions established pursuant to international agreements. 
On 29 September 2016, the shareholders' meeting of SACE approved the transfer of 
76.005 per cent. of SIMEST's shares from CDP to SACE. This was an important step 
aimed at creating an integrated mechanism to support the growth and international 
competitiveness of the national production system. The integration of the two 
companies, which have already been working in close collaboration since the 
beginning of the year 2016, within the CDP Group combines the insurance-financial 
products, services and expertise of SACE and SIMEST with the overall product

--- Page 145 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 145 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
offering of the CDP Group. The objective is to offer Italian companies integrated 
support to meet all their requirements related to exports and internationalisation: from 
credit insurance to foreign investment protection, from financial guarantees for 
accessing bank credit to factoring services, from bonds to win competitive contracts 
to protection against construction risks, from equity investment to low-interest loans 
and export credit. 
On 19 March 2019, the shareholders' meeting of CDP approved an amendment to its 
by-laws pursuant to which CDP’s support to internationalisation transactions can also 
be carried out in its Ordinary Account System. This amendment has extended the area 
of intervention of CDP in the field of internationalisation, historically focused in favour 
of large corporates within the abovementioned Italian Minister of the Economy and 
Finance decree dated 23 December 2014, also to small-medium enterprises for 
financing transactions for amounts even lower than Euro 25 million and with a 
percentage of CDP funding up to 100 per cent.. 
On 21 March 2022, following: 
• the August Decree, converted into law with amendments by Law No. 126 of 13 
October 2020 and, specifically, article 67 (named "Reorganisation of the SACE 
group") which provides, amongst other, that the possible reorganisation of the 
SACE Group and the transfer value of the relevant shareholdings, as deemed 
appropriate by the parties, shall be determined, subject to an agreement 
between the MEF and CDP, by a decree to be issued by the Italian Minister of 
the Economy and Finance, in agreement with the Italian Minister of Foreign 
Affairs and International Cooperation (the “Implementing Decree”); 
• the hypothetical agreement signed by the MEF, CDP and SACE, pursuant to 
article 67, paragraph 2 of the August Decree (the “Hypothetical Agreement”), 
under which they agreed, among other things, to submit the following proposal 
for the reorganisation of the SACE Group to their respective decision-making 
bodies: 
o the transfer from SACE to CDP of SACE’s entire equity stake in SIMEST, 
which represents the 76.005 per cent. of SIMEST’s share capital, and 
o the transfer from CDP to the MEF of CDP’s entire equity stake in SACE, 
which represents 100 per cent. of SACE’s share capital, excluding 
SIMEST; 
• CDP’s Board of Directors’ resolution to approve the reorganisation of the SACE 
Group, in fulfilment of the commitments undertaken in the Hypothetical 
Agreement; 
• the Implementing Decree, which outlined, amongst other, the overall structure 
of the envisaged reorganisation of the SACE Group and the transfer value of 
the relevant shareholdings, that has been (i) signed by the Italian Minister of 
the Economy and Finance and by the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs and 
International Cooperation, respectively, on 19 January 2022 and on 22 January 
2022, (ii) registered by the Italian Corte dei Conti on 8 February 2022, and (iii) 
published on the MEF website on 17 March 2022,

--- Page 146 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 146 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
the reorganisation of the SACE Group has occurred through the settlement of the due 
considerations and the transfer of share certificates. 
As a result of the transaction, CDP directly holds the 76.005 per cent. of SIMEST’s 
share capital, and the MEF directly holds 100 per cent. of SACE’s share capital. 
The reorganisation thus determined allows the companies involved to strengthen their 
production specialization and therefore pursue their mission of supporting the 
sustainable development of the country and the growth of Italian companies in the best 
possible way. 
D. International Cooperation Development Finance 
Through the International Development Cooperation Directorate, CDP supports 
initiatives that are in line with the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs) and that aim to fight climate change and to support economic growth, social 
inclusiveness in emerging economies and developing countries. 
Under Italian law, CDP is authorised to act as Italy's financial institution for 
international development cooperation, and to allocate, within an annual limit that is 
agreed with the MEF, CDP’s own resources to the above-mentioned initiatives. Such 
initiatives are also subject to the prior favourable opinion of the Joint Committee for 
Development Cooperation (“Comitato Congiunto per la Cooperazione allo Sviluppo”), 
chaired by the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, 
pursuant to art. 21 of law no. 125/2014. In addition, CDP is authorised to deploy its 
own resources to pursue the objectives set out in international agreements to which 
Italy has adhered and that relate to climate and environmental protection as well as to 
other global public goods. 
In its role as financial institution for international development cooperation, CDP can 
operate through a portfolio of financial instruments – mainly loans, guarantees and 
investments in funds – that can be deployed in favour of public and private entities. 
With reference to loans and guarantees, CDP can finance multilateral or local financial 
institutions, in order to support investment programs or to indirectly finance micro, 
small and medium businesses ("MSMEs"), and can also directly finance companies 
(excluding MSMEs), project finance companies and local sovereign entities. When 
financing the private sector (e.g., local financial institutions, companies and project 
finance companies), CDP operates in co-financing with other international financial 
institutions, mainly development finance institutions and multilateral development 
banks. 
With reference to investments in funds, CDP can co-invest with other international 
finance institutions in thematic funds that, in turn, invest into equity or debt instruments. 
The International Development Cooperation Directorate organizational area can use 
two types of funding to conduct its activities: (i) own resources and (ii) third-party 
resources. Own resources derive from postal savings. Third-party resources are 
managed on behalf of national, international and multilateral partners and donors. 
Pursuant to Italian law, since January 1, 2016, CDP manages, on behalf of the MEF, 
the so-called "Revolving Fund for Development Cooperation", which is endowed with 
€5.2 billion and was established by law no. 227/1977, to provide soft loans (i.e., loans

--- Page 147 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 147 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
with no interest or a below-market rate of interest) to countries eligible for official 
development assistance (as identified by the Development Assistance Committee of 
the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development) as part of the bilateral 
cooperation policies of the Italian government.  
In addition, CDP has been entrusted with the management, on behalf of the Italian 
Ministry of Environment and Energy Security, of the so-called "Italian Climate Fund", 
a new revolving fund endowed with €4.2 billion that will be operational only upon 
appointment of the governance bodies and completion of the implementation 
requirements envisaged by the law; the Fund is intended to contribute to the 
achievement of international agreements on climate and the environment by 
supporting initiatives in countries eligible for official development assistance. 
Pursuant to decree-law no. 50/2022, a fund with an endowment of €200 million was 
established in favour of the Government of Ukraine, as budget support. Within the 
framework of this measure, it was also provided that the MEF could entrust CDP with 
the disbursement and management of the loans and that the intervention in favour of 
the Ukrainian Government could also be carried out under parallel co-financing with 
initiatives promoted by international or European multilateral financial institutions. An 
agreement was signed between MEF and CDP on July 21, 2022, entrusting CDP with 
negotiation support, technical coordination with the World Bank, as well as 
management of the loan until maturity. Subsequently, in parallel financing with the 
project in support of Ukraine "Public Expenditure for Administrative Capacity 
Endurance" (PEACE) announced on June 7, 2022 by the World Bank, a loan 
agreement was signed on August 5, 2022 between the MEF and the Government of 
Ukraine for a total amount of €200 million, to be used for the payment of salaries of 
employees of the educational system - excluding military personnel. The loan was 
disbursed by CDP in a lump sum on August 12, 2022, to partially cover the payment 
of salaries of about 511,000 school employees for the months of September and 
October 2022, with a significant impact on the country's female population as more 
than 80% of the education sector in Ukraine is composed of women. 
At the European level, CDP is a “pillar assessed” entity, as it has successfully 
completed the accreditation process necessary to ensure the compliance of its 
systems, rules and procedures with the relevant European legislation, therefore, CDP 
is eligible to manage all programmes whose implementation is delegated by the 
European Commission to accredited implementing partners. Currently, CDP manages 
over €430 million that have been provided by the European Commission as 
guarantees and grants for technical assistance, programmes supporting the 
development of renewable energies and access to credit in the African continent. 
To support these activities, CDP manages strategic business partnerships with other 
public development banks and development finance institutions. In particular, CDP 
plays an active role in international associations and networks as well as thematic 
coalitions, with a special focus on the main global issues (e.g., climate), and CDP 
establishes cooperation agreements with the most strategic partners, to enhance 
bilateral relations and generating high-impact joint business opportunities. Notably, as 
of April 2023, CDP is a member of the Steering Group of the International 
Development Finance Club (IDFC) and a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Association of European Development Finance Institutions (EDFI), as well as a 
strategic partner of the Finance in Common Summit Coalition (FiCS). In addition, CDP

--- Page 148 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 148 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
is a member of thematic coalitions and partnerships among Development Finance 
Institutions, impact investors and asset managers, focused on strategic sectors; two 
notable examples of these thematic coalitions and partnerships to which CDP 
participates are represented by the 2XGlobal (formerly known as 2XChallenge or 
2XCollaborative), aimed at scaling up gender-based finance and initiatives aimed at 
women empowerment, and the Adaptation & Resilience Investors’ Collaborative, 
aimed at accelerating investments in climate change adaptation projects.  
E. Equity  
With reference to equity investments, the CDP Group acts in all phases of the life cycle 
of enterprises and infrastructure, by using both own capital and third-party capital 
(crowding-in). In doing so, the CDP Group systematically applies the principle of 
capital rotation, i.e. investments disposal upon achievement of the set objectives, in 
order to support new initiatives with the capital thus released. 
Specifically, the operations of the CDP Group, through the investment department and 
the Group companies, include:  
• direct investments (i) with the role of stable shareholder in companies functional to 
the Group’s mission and in companies that manage key infrastructure or assets for 
the country; (ii) with a special purpose, i.e. aimed at the growth and consolidation 
of companies operating in key sectors that, in any case, are in a stable financial, 
capital and economic situation and feature adequate earnings prospects; 
• indirect investments through mutual funds and investment vehicles supporting the 
private equity, venture capital and infrastructure markets. 
The equity investment portfolio of the CDP Group at 31 December 2022 is broken 
down as follows: 
• Group companies, functional in carrying out the role of “National Promotional 
Institution” (CDP Equity, CDP Reti, Simest and Fintecna); 
• Listed and unlisted companies that manage key infrastructure or assets or operate 
in national strategic sectors (e.g. ENI, Poste Italiane, TIM, Open Fiber, Snam, 
Terna, Nexi e Autostrade per l’Italia); 
• Investment funds and investment vehicles operating: 
o in support of enterprises throughout the entire life cycle, from venture capital 
(managed by CDP Venture Capital SGR S.p.A.) to private equity & private 
debt (mainly managed by Fondo Italiano d’Investimento SGR S.p.A.);  
o in the infrastructure sector, to support the creation of new infrastructure and 
manage existing infrastructure (mainly through European initiatives in 
partnership with the EIF and with other National Promotional Institutions); 
o in support of international development cooperation; 
o in support of the non-performing loans market. 
Equity investments and funds – portfolio composition

--- Page 149 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 149 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(millions of euro; %) 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 Change (+ / -) 
Change(%) 
A. Group companies 
14,978 
14,522
+456 
+3.1% 
B. Other equity investments 
18,608 
18,942
-334 
-1.8% 
Listed companies 
18,537 
18,865
-328 
-1.7% 
Unlisted companies 
71 
78
-7 
-8.4% 
C. Investment funds and investment vehicles 
1,993 
1,911
+82 
+4.3% 
Total 
35,579 
35,375
+204 
+0.6% 
In 2022, CDP Group kept working on managing and improving the performance of its 
equity investments portfolio, as well as searching for, developing and evaluating new 
investment opportunities. In particular, the main transactions completed during the 
period include: 
• 
the acquisition through Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. (51%-owned by CDP 
Equity S.p.A.) of 88.06% of Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A., with the objectives of 
(i) contributing to the implementation of an extensive investment plan covering 
the entire motorway network, by facilitating digitisation and innovation, (ii) 
improving the efficiency of infrastructure maintenance programmes in order to 
ensure the highest standards of performance and safety for motorists, (iii) 
providing long-term stability to the governance of a key part of Italy’s 
infrastructure for the benefit of communities and the economy; 
• 
the acquisition of 18.4% of GPI S.p.A., a listed company and major player in the 
digital health sector, with the objective of supporting its investment strategy of 
accelerating the digitisation of Italian healthcare; 
• 
the acquisition of 100% of Maticmind S.p.A., a system integrator operating in 
the ICT sector, through Mozart HoldCo S.p.A.2, with the aim of developing 
connectivity 
infrastructure, 
supporting 
the 
digitisation 
of 
the 
public 
administration and strengthening cyber security; 
• 
the subscription of a 20% share in PSN S.p.A., a newco established within the 
scope of Polo Strategico Nazionale project, as part of a comprehensive plan for 
accelerating the digital transformation of the country, in order to guarantee the 
security and reliability of data and provide innovative services for the community 
and businesses; 
• 
the support of the existing equity investment portfolio through additional 
investments in GreenIT S.p.A. (to support the company’s growth plan, in 
accordance with the objective of fostering the energy transition of the country, 
in line with the targets of the 2030 Integrated National Energy and Climate Plan), 
Ansaldo Energia S.p.A. (to support the strengthening of the company’s asset 
structure and financial position), Saipem S.p.A. (to support the strengthening of 
the company’s asset structure and financial position, approved within the 
update of the company’s 2022–2025 Strategic Plan) and Trevi Finanziaria 
 
 
2 Investment vehicle owned by CVC (70%), CDP Equity (15%) and Carmine Saladino (15%).

--- Page 150 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 150 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Industriale S.p.A. (to support the strengthening of the company’s asset structure 
and financial position); 
• 
the subscription, within venture capital market segment, of commitments in the 
Fondo Acceleratori (in addition to existing commitments), in the Corporate 
Venture Capital Fund, for the ServiceTech, EnergyTech and InfraTech sub-
funds 3 and in the Large Ventures Fund, with the objectives of creating a 
sustainable national venture capital ecosystem and attracting third-party 
investments for the progressive development of new segments; 
• 
the subscription, within private equity market segment, of commitments in the 
Agri & Food Fund and the Impact Investing FoF, respectively with the aim of 
supporting market growth and specialisation through investments in SMEs 
engaged in strategic supply chains and developing a sustainable investment 
strategy; 
• 
the subscription, within infrastructure market segment, of commitments in the 
Marguerite III Fund, with the objective of developing the Italian infrastructure 
market by investing selectively in specialist funds with greenfield and revamping 
components; 
• 
the reorganisation of the SACE group, through the sale of SACE S.p.A. to the 
MEF and the acquisition of SIMEST S.p.A. from SACE S.p.A., aimed at further 
specialising the role of CDP Group in support of Italian enterprises; 
• 
the full disposal of the 25.1% stake held in Kedrion S.p.A. and the concurrent 
new investment for a 6.6% share in Kedrion Holding S.p.A. (owner of 100% of 
the share capital of Kevlar S.p.A., the vehicle that holds 100% of the share 
capital of Kedrion S.p.A., parent company of the group created with the 
acquisition of Bpl), with the aim of creating a new European-wide 
biopharmaceuticals industrial hub; 
• 
the full disposal of the 17.5% stake held in B.F. S.p.A. and of the 28.4% interest 
in Inalca S.p.A., in line with the principle of capital rotation endorsed by the CDP 
Group’s 2022–2024 Strategic Plan; 
• 
the full disposal of the 39% stake held in FSI SGR and of the 40% interest in 
QuattroR SGR, aimed at rationalising and streamlining CDP Equity’s position in 
the asset management companies’ ownership structures; 
• 
the disposal of 13% of Fondo Italiano d’Investimento SGR, with the aim of 
expanding the shareholder base to include institutional investors able to 
contribute to raising funding for the creation and development of new funds; 
• 
the rationalisation of the Group’s structure through the merger by incorporation 
of CDP Industria S.p.A. into CDP Equity S.p.A., the merger of FSIA Investimenti 
S.p.A. into CDPE Investimenti S.p.A. and the liquidation of IQ Made In Italy 
Investment Company S.p.A. 
 
 
3 Sub-funds aimed at investmenting in and funding for innovative start-ups and SMEs engaged in the digital transition of financial, 
insurance and B2B information services (ServiceTech sub-fund), in the energy transition (EnergyTech sub-fund) and in new 
technologies for the manufacturing sector (IndustryTech sub-fund).

--- Page 151 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 151 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Moreover, the investment activity of the equity funds in which the CDP Group has 
invested over time also continued in 2022, mainly in support of the private equity, 
private debt, venture capital and infrastructure markets, as well as international 
development cooperation. 
F. Real Estate  
Moreover, through the Real Estate Department and the Group Companies, in line with 
its role of National Promotional Institution, CDP operates in support of the real estate 
sector. Its objectives include both supporting social cohesion, mainly through urban 
regeneration and social housing initiatives, fostering the growth of the tourism-hotels 
sector and the development of its real estate assets.  
The real estate portfolio of the CDP Group at 31 December 2022 is broken down as 
follows:  
• direct equity investments in companies either functional to the Group’s mission or 
that manage real estate assets in line with the objectives of the CDP Group (mainly 
CDP Immobiliare and CDP Real Asset SGR);  
• indirect investments, through investment funds (mainly managed by CDP Real 
Asset SGR), focused on urban development, social housing and tourist facilities, 
thus facilitating the involvement of third-party institutional investors, with the aim of 
increasing support for the economy through the so-called “multiplier effect”. 
Real Estate investments and funds - portfolio composition 
(millions of euro; %) 
31/12/2022 
31/12/2021 Change (+ / -) 
Change(%) 
A. Group companies 
526 
486
+40 
+8.3% 
B. Other equity investments 
4 
5
-1 
-23.0% 
C. Investment funds and investment vehicles 
1,571 
1,542
+29 
+1.9% 
Total 
2,101 
2,033
+68 
+3.4% 
During 2022, the main initiatives of the CDP Group in the real estate sector include: 
• 
the start-up, in line with the guidelines of the 2022–2024 Strategic Plan, of the 
reorganisation of the Real Estate department of the CDP Group, with the aim of 
strengthening its role in the sector through the allocation of the real estate 
portfolio and activities by dedicated entity (CDP Real Asset SGR for asset and 
fund management operations and Fintecna for the provision of real estate 
services and the management of sales processes for the non-strategic 
portfolio); 
• 
the transformation of FIA2 into the sustainable housing fund Fondo Nazionale 
dell’Abitare Sostenibile (“FNAS”) and the launch of an open call aimed at 
identifying investment opportunities for the fund, to promote real estate 
initiatives in the sustainable housing and school infrastructure segments. 
Investing activities continued over the year, with around 132 million euro of 
investments, alongside the marketing and sale of assets. Among the others we report:

--- Page 152 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 152 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
• 
redevelopment works on larger properties, characterised by complex urban 
planning procedures and with a high social impact. Specifically, re-purposing 
works continued on the former Istituto Poligrafico dello Stato, on Torri dell’Eur, 
and on the former Manifattura Tabacchi in Florence, while plans for the 
redevelopment of the former Manifatture Tabacchi in Naples and Modena are 
in progress; 
• 
developments works through the FIV fund, mainly relating to the former Istituto 
Geologico in Rome and the former Services Centre in Scandicci, the latter 
destined to become a logistics hub of the Yves Saint Laurent Group; 
• 
the continuation of the FIA fund’s investing activities in support of social 
housing, through the building of around 900 new social housing units; 
• 
support for the tourist-hotel industry through the investments and work of the 
FT1 and FT2 funds, and the setting up of the FT3 fund for the investment of 
PNRR funds received from the Ministry of Tourism for initiatives of high social 
impact across the country, focused on sustainability and digitalisation; 
• 
the release of over 200 million euro of funds through property sales that have 
been closed, that have received binding offers or that are currently underway, 
including the sale of an approximately 250,000 m2 site of building land in the 
Municipality of Segrate for the launch of an urban regeneration programme by 
third-party investors. 
Special Purpose Assets (Patrimonio Destinato) pursuant to Rilancio Decree 
On 17 July 2020, the Law Decree dated 19 May 2020, No. 34 (so-called “Rilancio 
Decree”) has been converted, with amendments, into law and its Article 27 provides 
that: “In order to […] support and relaunch the Italian economic-productive system after 
the "Covid-19" epidemiological emergency, CDP S.p.A. is entitled to establish a 
special purpose asset called "Patrimonio Rilancio" […] to which are transferred assets 
and legal relationships by the Ministry of the Economy and Finance”. Moreover, Article 
27 of the Rilancio Decree provides, among others, that: “The Patrimonio Destinato, as 
well as each of its sub-funds, is autonomous and separate, in all respects, from the 
assets of CDP S.p.A..” 
Pursuant to Article 27, paragraph 4, of the Rilancio Decree, the resources of the 
Patrimonio Destinato shall be used to support and relaunch the Italian economic 
production system. The Patrimonio Destinato operates in accordance with the 
conditions provided for by the European Union's regulatory framework on State aid 
adopted to deal with the "Covid-19" epidemic or at market conditions. The 
interventions of the Patrimonio Destinato concern “joint-stock companies, including 
those with shares listed on regulated markets and those set up as cooperatives, which: 
a) have their registered office in Italy; b) do not operate in the banking, financial or 
insurance sector and c) have an annual turnover of more than EUR 50 million”. 
Access requirements, terms, criteria, and modalities of the interventions of the 
Patrimonio Destinato are set out by the Decree of the Minister of the Economy and 
Finance dated 3 February 2021, No. 26, published in the so-called “Gazzetta Ufficiale” 
on 10 March 2021.

--- Page 153 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 153 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Pursuant to Article 27, paragraphs 2 and 17, of the Rilancio Decree, the Decree of the 
Minister of the Economy and Finance dated 7 May 2021, No. 37612, published in the 
so-called “Gazzetta Ufficiale” on 15 May 2021 (so-called “Decreto Apporto”), among 
other things, sets out the initial funding of the Patrimonio Destinato, providing for the 
allocation to CDP, on behalf of the Patrimonio Destinato, of government securities to 
be issued for approximately 3 billion Euro.  
Following the approval of CDP’s shareholders meeting on 26 May 2021, 
Patrimonio Destinato has been formed on 7 June 2021, by registering CDP 
shareholders meeting’s resolution in the competent companies’ register (so-called 
“Registro delle Imprese”). 
More precisely, Patrimonio Destinato is composed by the following three sub-funds: 
- 
Fondo Nazionale Supporto Temporaneo: temporary interventions in companies 
which have been affected by the Covid-19 outbreak, in compliance with the 
measures set forth in the “Communication from the Commission: Temporary 
Framework for state aid measures to support the economy in the current Covid-
19 outbreak”;4 
- 
Fondo Nazionale Strategico: long-term investments, together with other private 
investors, in companies characterised by solid growth prospects to support their 
development plans; 
- 
Fondo 
Nazionale 
Ristrutturazioni 
Imprese: 
interventions 
in 
companies 
characterised by temporary economic and financial imbalances but with adequate 
profit-generating prospects. 
 
CDP ACTIVITIES 
A. The Account Systems 
A.1 The Separate Account System 
Pursuant to paragraph 8 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269 and to article 6 of CDP's by-
laws, CDP has established a Separate Account System in which the activities under 
letters (A1), (A2), (C), (D) where applicable, (E) where applicable, (F), (G) and (H) of 
article 3 of CDP's by-laws where applicable, as well as any other instrumental, 
connected or ancillary activity carried out using funds pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 
7, letter (a), are to be registered and managed. The Separate Account System is 
established for accounting and organisational purposes only, so that from a legal point 
of view, CDP remains a single legal entity and any creditors of CDP may recover their 
claims by attaching them to all of CDP's assets (except for those segregated in favour 
of certain creditors only pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 18). 
 
 
4 Fondo Nazionale Supporto Temporaneo operated until 30 June 2022 (i.e. expiration date of the 
“Communication from the European Commission: Temporary Framework for state aid measures to 
support the economy in the current Covid-19 outbreak”).

--- Page 154 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 154 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
The Separate Account System is managed in line with applicable transparency and 
economic safeguard criteria. Article 6 of CDP's by-laws has been amended in order to 
specify that, for the transactions referred to in letter (A2) of paragraph 1 of article 3 of 
CDP's by-laws, the economic and financial sustainability of each project shall be 
assessed. 
Such organisational and accounting separation aims at highlighting the economic 
balance of the Separate Account System and at enabling the MEF to exercise its 
powers to issue guidelines thereon and to ensure compliance with EU legislation on 
State Aid, competition and transparency. 
Pursuant to paragraphs 9 and 11 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269, the MEF has the 
power to determine the general policies of the Separate Account System and to issue 
decrees on, inter alia, the determination of the criteria for the definition of general 
economic terms of the demand of passbook savings accounts, postal savings bonds, 
other securities and other financial transactions guaranteed by the Republic of Italy, 
as well as those for the granting of loans by means of funds pursuant to Article 5, 
paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 and for the management of the 
shareholdings and participations held by CDP. 
The implementation by CDP of the decrees or guidelines issued by the MEF in 
connection with the Separate Account System is ensured by the attendance of 
Additional Directors (as defined below) at the meetings of the board of directors of 
CDP (the "Board of Directors") convened to resolve on matters relating to the 
Separate Account System (for details on the Additional Directors see paragraph 
"Board of Directors, Managing Director and General Manager" below). To pass a valid 
resolution involving the management of the Separate Account System, at least two 
Additional Directors are required to be present at the board meeting and to vote for its 
adoption. 
In addition, the Supervisory Board (as defined below) is composed of four members 
of the Italian Senate (Senato della Repubblica), four members of the Italian Chamber 
of Deputies (Camera dei Deputati), three judges of the Council of State (Consiglio di 
Stato), and one judge of the Court of Accounts (Corte dei Conti), and supervises the 
Separate Account System of CDP pursuant to paragraph 9 of Article 5 and Royal 
Decree No. 453 of 2 January 1913 ("Royal Decree 453"). 
On 24 December 2021, CDP, as issuer, and Poste Italiane, as distributor, entered into 
the Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement - which became effective in February 2022 
upon satisfaction of the relevant condition precedent - for the distribution of postal 
savings instruments, for a four-year term starting on 1 January 2021 and ending on 31 
December 2024. The Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement consolidates the 
relationship between CDP and Poste Italiane, strengthening their partnership to serve 
Italian investors and supporting Italy's economic growth. 
Pursuant to the Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement, the remuneration of Poste 
Italiane, which is the only distributor of postal savings instruments issued by CDP, is 
proportionate to the stock of postal savings products (passbook savings accounts and 
postal savings bonds) and the annual flows of bond subscriptions. 
Safeguard mechanisms and reductions in remuneration due to Poste Italiane are also 
foreseen in case the net funding deviates from the objectives set for each year.

--- Page 155 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 155 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Postal savings, which allow CDP to pursue its institutional mission, constitute the main 
source of funding in the Separate Account System for CDP. As at 31 December 2022 
postal savings represented 78% of CDP's total funding in the Separate Account 
System (equal to Euro 281 billion out of a total of Euro 360 billion). 
Any and all transactions and business activities entered into by CDP in connection 
with funding and lending under the Separate Account System are exempt from 
registration tax, stamp duty, mortgage tax and other indirect taxes. 
In the context of the Separate Account System, CDP carries out a number of lending 
transactions. Among others, pursuant to Article 3, paragraph 1, letter (A2) of CDP's 
by-laws, funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 can be used 
by CDP not only to finance Public Entities but also to finance, inter alia: 
(i) 
transactions of public interest promoted by Public Entities in accordance with 
the criteria established by the MEF decree of 12 March 2009; and 
(ii) 
transactions of public interest related to areas of general interest identified by 
the MEF decree of 12 April 2016, 
upon satisfactory assessment of the economic and financial feasibility of the relevant 
transaction. 
Regarding the transactions of public interest promoted by Public Entities, the MEF 
decree of 12 March 2009 introduced: 
(a) the eligible criteria to identify the transactions promoted by the Public Entities 
which may be financed under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 
269, and including alternatively: 
(i) 
transactions which benefit from long-term public or European grants or 
other forms of public incentives for the realisation of investments or 
supplies of national interest; 
(ii) 
transactions under public concession regime; 
(iii) 
transactions carried out in execution of agreements between the Public 
Entities and third party countries or European Union institutions or 
Member States; 
(iv) 
transactions under public-private partnership scheme; 
(v) 
transactions included in planning instruments of the Public Entities; 
(vi) 
transactions in co-financing with EIB; 
(vii) 
transactions aimed at fulfilling Public Entities' institutional role; 
(b) 
that the borrowers under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 
may be public or private legal entities, with the exclusion of natural persons, 
and

--- Page 156 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 156 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(c) 
that CDP shall provide funding for the above-mentioned transactions under 
Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 based on the 
creditworthiness of the prospective borrower and of the economic and financial 
sustainability of the relevant transaction. 
As a general principle, funds provided by CDP with reference to the transactions 
mentioned above should not exceed 50 per cent. of the relevant financing. 
Regarding the transactions of public interest related to areas of general interest, the 
MEF decree of 12 April 2016 introduced: 
(a) 
the areas of general interest in which CDP can carry out transactions of public 
interest towards private entities, under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law 
Decree 269, which are: 
(i) 
environment and energy; 
(ii) 
communications and digital; 
(iii) 
infrastructures, transport and construction; 
(iv) 
insurance and financial intermediation aimed at savings protection and 
credit access; 
(v) 
research, innovation, education and training; 
(vi) 
public services and health; 
(vii) 
tourism and hospitality, also through the real estate assets promotion 
and management; 
(viii) 
cultural heritage promotion and management; 
(ix) 
areas which benefit from national and European public funds; and 
(x) 
areas which operate plants or productive settlements recognised as 
strategic interest, as well as companies of relevant national interest. 
(b) 
the public interest transactions related to the above-mentioned areas must be 
carried out: 
(i) 
based on the economic and financial sustainability and the respective 
public interest; and 
(ii) 
preferably jointly with other financial institutions. 
CDP's by-laws provides that the financing of transactions promoted by Public Entities 
or carried out in general interest areas, using funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter 
(a) of Law Decree 269, must comply with the following requirements, the financing (i) 
may be conducted either directly by CDP or through the banking system, provided that 
the financial transactions conducted directly by CDP must involve an amount equal to 
or greater than Euro 25,000,000 (twenty-five million) or also for a lower amount as 
provided by CDP's risk rules, in the event that such financial transactions are

--- Page 157 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 157 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
conducted by CDP in its capacity as National Promotional Institution in the contest of 
investment platforms as defined by the regulations in force, or in its capacity as 
Financial Institution for Development Cooperation, or for the purposes of Article 3, 
paragraph 1, letter (A2), point (vii) of CDP's by-laws, (ii) may be carried out in favour 
of public and/or private legal entities excluding natural persons, (iii) must fall under the 
Separate Account System which is based on transparency and economic equilibrium 
criteria and (iv) requires the assessment of the economic and financial sustainability 
of the relevant project.  
A.2 The Ordinary Account System 
All of CDP’s other business activities that are not specifically attributed to the Separate 
Account System are carried out by the Ordinary Account System organisational unit. 
While not specifically cited in article 5 of Decree Law 269, the Ordinary Account 
System encompasses the other activities of CDP, namely, those that are not assigned 
by law to the Separate Account System. 
In particular, pursuant to article 5, paragraph 7, letter b), of Decree Law 269, CDP’s 
Articles of Association include among the activities designed to achieve its mission 
that are not assigned to the Separate Account System: 
- 
the granting of loans, preferably under joint financing arrangements with credit 
institutions, for: (i) works, systems, networks and equipment designed for 
initiatives of public utility; and (ii) investments in the research, development, 
innovation, protection and enhancement of cultural heritage, the promotion of 
tourism, the environment and energy efficiency sustainable development, the 
green economy and initiatives for company growth, including through business 
mergers and/or acquisitions, in Italy and abroad; 
- 
acquiring, including indirectly, equity investments in companies of major 
national interest with a stable financial position, stable financial performance 
and adequate profit-generating prospects which satisfy the requirements set out 
in the decree of the Minister of the Economy and Finance pursuant to article 5, 
paragraph 8-bis, of the abovementioned decree law; 
- 
acquiring: (i) covered bank bonds backed by mortgages on residential real 
estate and/or securities issued under law 130 of 30 April 1999, as part of 
securitisation transactions involving receivables deriving from mortgages on 
residential real estate; and (ii) securities issued under law 130 of 30 April 1999, 
as part of securitisation transactions involving receivables from SMEs; and 
- 
providing consultancy services and conducting studies, research and analysis 
of economic and financial matters. 
In line with the above, in the context of the Ordinary Account System, CDP carries out 
a number of lending transactions. Among others, pursuant to article 3, letter (B) of 
CDP's by-laws, CDP also provides debt products, in any form and preferably jointly 
with other financial institutions. 
In this respect CDP can finance: 
- 
construction works, grid/networks and infrastructures of public interest;

--- Page 158 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 158 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
- 
investments in research, development, innovation; 
- 
investments aimed at protecting and promoting cultural heritage; 
- 
investments aimed at promoting tourism; 
- 
environment and energy efficiency initiatives as well as aimed at promoting 
sustainable development and green economy; 
- 
initiatives aimed at supporting the growth of companies in Italy and abroad. 
Such transactions can be financed via funds raised by CDP through either debt market 
or capital market  as well as via public or private grants (including grants provided by 
international organisations) which do not benefit from any Republic of Italy guarantee 
and not deriving from any first-hand fund-raising (the Ordinary Account System). 
Under the Ordinary Account System, terms and conditions of each financing is set by 
CDP without specific restrictions, acting like any other financial intermediary being 
driven by adequate financial return and operating at market conditions. 
Creditworthiness of each potential borrower, is duly assessed by CDP based on 
business plan soundness, cash flow generation capacity, corporate structure and 
ability to provide adequate guarantees. 
CDP offers a wide range of debt products, ranging from plain-vanilla corporate loans 
to project finance transactions. 
Taking into consideration the different targets, purposes and regulations of the 
relevant lending activities, CDP does not, in principle, commit to financing projects 
using funds falling under the Ordinary Account System as well as funds under Article 
5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 at the same time. 
FUNDING 
A.1 Bilateral financing contracts with European Financial Institutions 
In addition to the postal savings instruments and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme, the funding required by CDP for carrying out the activities is raised by 
CDP by entering into loans with European Financial Institutions, such as the EIB and 
the CEB. 
With regard to the credit facilities granted by the EIB, in 2022 CDP entered into four 
new loan agreements with the EIB and one with the CEB, for a total amount of Euro 
785 million. In particular, in the first half of 2022, CDP entered into a new facility with 
the CEB for Euro 150 million in support of the “Plafond Beni Strumentali” and a new 
facility agreement with the EIB for 10 million euros to support Duferco Energia S.p.A 
in the construction of an electric vehicle charging network in Italy. In the second half 
of the year, CDP entered into three new facilities agreement with the EIB: (i) a Euro 
25 million credit facility in support of the infrastructural development of the port of La 
Spezia, (ii) a Euro 500 million credit facility in support of the “Plafond Sisma Centro 
Italia” and (iii) a Euro 100 million credit facility for the financing of the green

--- Page 159 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 159 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
investments by Public Entities in Italian territory.  
During 2022, CDP requested and obtained new disbursements on credit facilities 
granted by EIB and CEB for an aggregate amount of Euro 606 million mainly for the 
financing of reconstruction projects related to natural disasters (through the “Plafond 
Sisma Centro Italia”), school buildings and supporting SMEs and Micaps (through the 
“Plafond Piattaforma Imprese”). 
As of 31 December 2022, the outstanding amount of credit facilities granted by the 
EIB and the CEB was equal to Euro 5.3 billion, of which Euro 4.8 billion granted by the 
EIB and Euro 0.5 billion granted by the CEB. 
A.2 Multi-Currency Commercial Paper Programme (Programma di Cambiali 
Finanziarie) 
With reference to short-term funding, CDP established a Euro 6 billion multi-currency 
Commercial Paper Programme (Programma di Cambiali Finanziarie) which allows for 
the issuance of commercial papers in multiple currencies, governed by Italian Law 
pursuant to Law No. 43 of 13 January 1994, as amended by Law No. 134 of 7 August 
2012 (the "CP Programme"). The commercial papers issued by CDP may be listed 
on ExtraMOT PRO, a non-regulated market managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. The 
programme has obtained the STEP label from the STEP Secretariat managed by the 
European Money Markets Institute. With the aim to increase the ESG instruments 
available to CDP, an ESG label was added for instruments issued under the CP 
Programme in its latest update in 2023. As of 31 December 2022, the nominal amount 
of outstanding issues was equal to Euro 1.35 billion, all under the Ordinary Account 
System. Moreover, in February 2023 CDP issued its first Green Bond form an amount 
of Euro 500 million dedicated to the financing of Green Eligible Assets. 
A.3 Debt Issuance Programme 
With reference to medium-long term funding under the Programme, during 2022 CDP 
issued Notes for a total nominal amount of Euro 970 million. In particular, CDP issued 
a new Sustainability Bond for a nominal amount of Euro 750 million and two private 
placements, for a total nominal amount of Euro 220 million under the Ordinary Account 
System. 
In the context of the Programme CDP has developed a Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below), in accordance with the most 
recent Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines, published by the ICMA. 
The aim of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) 
is to promote the financing of specific investments which have positive impacts in 
terms of social and environmental sustainability, thus supporting the achievement of 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Each Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bond can focus on one, more than one or all the categories included in 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) from time to 
time, making it an important tool in contributing to the promotion of sustainable 
development.

--- Page 160 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 160 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
CDP is active as an ESG issuer through the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as defined below) since 2017. Since then it has issued 1 Green Bond, 6 
Social Bonds and 2 Sustainability Bond, for an overall amount of Euro 6.0 billion. In 
line with its role as National Promotional Institution, and with its strategic approach to 
sustainability aimed at contribute to the achievement of the 17 United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals, CDP recognises the importance of its role in 
supporting sustainability and continues to operate by strengthening its commitment to 
sustainable finance tools, in line with environmental, social and governance standards.  
A.4 Domestic Programme 
In 2015, CDP launched a domestic bond-issuance programme (the “Domestic 
Programme”) approved by CONSOB and reserved for retail investors (individuals 
residing in Italy). The purpose of the Domestic Programme is to expand the funding 
sources dedicated to the financing of projects of public interest, which were previously 
funded by postal savings products. 
The first bond issued under the Domestic Programme was launched in March 2015. 
This bond – issued with a nominal amount of Euro 1.5 billion – expired on 20 March 
2022. 
In 2019, CDP issued the second bond under the Domestic Programme. This bond – 
issued with a nominal amount of Euro 1.5 billion – will expire on 28 June 2026 and 
bears a fixed-to-floating interest rate.

--- Page 161 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 161 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
CDP GROUP'S 2022 – 2024 STRATEGIC PLAN  
In November 2021, our Board of Directors approved a new strategic plan for the three-
year period from 2022 until 2024 (the "2022-2024 Strategic Plan"). The 2022-2024 
Strategic Plan defines our strategic guidelines to face four major global trends: (i) 
climate change and protection of the ecosystem; (ii) inclusive and sustainable growth; 
(iii) digitization and innovation and (iv) rethinking value chains. 
On the base of these trends we have identified ten areas of action, as set out in the 
chart below, intended to guide our operations and simultaneously identify a new 
approach for the analysis of business initiatives 
. 
 
 
In line with our mission, we act in the identified areas of action through debt and equity 
instruments, the management of public fund mandates, as well as by supporting our 
counterparties by providing technical assistance and advisory services. The methods 
and areas of action identified are fully consistent with the goals of the UN Agenda 2030 
for Sustainable Development and the missions of the NRRP. The NRRP was adopted 
by the MEF in 2021 to address the economic and social damage caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic and outlines a comprehensive package of reforms and 
investments to access the financial resources made available by the European Union. 
In order to best direct our action, the strategy underlying the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan 
is structured around three major transformational pillars, which will transversally affect 
our activities, as described below: 
1. 
Sector analysis and impact assessment, focusing on identifying macro and 
industry trends as well as gaps and on adopting specific financing and 
investment policies to bridge these gaps. These policies provide ex-ante 
guidance when making decisions and allow the social, economic and 
environmental impact of operations to be measured ex-post, with the objective 
of directing our resources towards Italy's priority areas and bridging the most

--- Page 162 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 162 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
significant market gaps while preserving our economic and financial 
sustainability and of the projects we support. Accordingly, our lending and 
investment processes will evolve, integrating the current analysis with 
engineering, economic and sustainability expertise provided by the so-called 
"competence centers", which are three newly established internal structures 
specialized by thematic area (i.e., urban regeneration and infrastructures, 
natural resources, energy and environment and innovation and digitization). In 
particular, based on such analysis, we are able to formulate an action strategy 
and to identify financial instruments and/or products and the forms of risk 
mitigation for its implementation. We then evaluate the projects by analyzing 
their financial, technical, sustainability and legal impacts and adopt the 
necessary actions accordingly. Following the conclusion of each project, we 
carry out an impact analysis to assess (i) the achievement of our targets and (ii) 
the need to implement certain policies to improve our operating model. 
2. 
Advisory and management of public Italian and European funds, especially for 
the benefit of the Public Administration (PA), to support it in overcoming its 
historical weaknesses and with a view to directing investments towards high-
quality projects. 
3. 
Financial instruments available to businesses and public administrations in the 
capacity as Promotional and Development Institution, to support every phase 
of the life cycle of companies or projects and to take strong action in support of 
international development cooperation. Our action must be supplementary and 
complementary to other available forms of financing, inclusive and unifying 
towards the market. Specifically: 
• 
Loans and guarantees: the use of such instruments has been increased to 
support infrastructure, the Italian Public Administrations and companies 
through a policy that is able to foster virtuous investments, in line with ESG 
sustainability criteria. For this purpose, we have boosted our technical 
assessment capacity and enhanced the mechanisms that blend both our 
own and third-party resources. Furthermore, we support companies in 
international expansion by ensuring a direct commitment through their own 
resources and developing non-bank lending instruments. All of the above 
activities are also functional to reinforcing our role in the sector of 
international cooperation, in partnership with multilateral development 
banks.  
• 
Equity: we have adopted a new portfolio management approach. On the 
one hand, we make equity investments that we consider strategic, where 
we retain our role as permanent shareholder in infrastructure, or assets of 
importance to Italy. On the other hand, we make targeted investments to 
boost the growth or the stabilization of Italian companies in strategic sectors, 
though with an exit and capital turnover rationale. Finally, we plan to 
increase our investments in private equity and venture capital. In all these 
cases, operations are based on the crowding-in principle, that is the ability 
to attract resources from other investors. 
• 
Real estate: in addition to our ongoing commitment to tourism, we are 
focusing on social, senior and student housing to make a significant impact

--- Page 163 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 163 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
on the Italian territory, also through partnerships with banking foundations. 
Overall, the management of the real estate portfolio will be based on urban 
regeneration projects, specifically targeting Southern Italy, development or 
direct sales, according to principles of transparency and value maximization. 
Furthermore, the Real Estate Department aims to strengthen our role in the 
sector, also through a clear distribution of skills and a more rational 
allocation of the real estate portfolio. 
 
 
Over the 2022-2024 period, the CDP Group expects to deploy resources for 
approximately €65 billion (which is 5% higher compared to the 2019-2021 strategic 
plan) and attract approximately an additional €63 billion (a 27% increase compared to 
the 2019-2021 strategic plan) of third-party resources, for a total activated investment 
of approximately €128 billion, representing a 14% increase compared to the 2019-
2021 strategic plan. The CDP Group's commitment will focus on having a strong effect 
at an economic and social level, with real and tangible positive results for businesses, 
Italian Public Administrations and households. 
The CDP Group expects to activate investments in its six operational lines as follows: 
€56 billion to Lending to enterprises and support for international expansion (of which 
€34 billion are expected to be resources deployed directly by the CDP Group), €53 
billion to Public Administration and Infrastructures (of which €21 billion are expected 
to be resources deployed directly by the CDP Group), €4 billion to International 
Cooperation and Development Finance (of which €2 billion are expected to be 
resources deployed directly by the CDP Group), €13 billion to Equity (of which €7 
billion are expected to be resources deployed directly by the CDP Group) and €2 billion 
to Real Estate (of which €1 billion are expected to be resources deployed directly by 
the CDP Group)

--- Page 164 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 164 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
 
 
2022-2024, billion Euro* 
 
21 
53 
 
 
34 
56 
 
2 
4 
 
 
7 
13 
 
1 
2 
 
 
 
 
INVESTMENTS ACTIVATED 
RESOURCES DEPLOYED 
 
 
65 
128 
TOTAL 
Bn
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the last part of 2022, due to the geopolitical and macroeconomic context determined 
in particular by the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, we conducted an analysis of the 2022-
2024 Strategic Plan with the aim of identifying the possible implications that such 
events had on our activities. Following such analyses, the overall strategic framework 
of the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan, its assumptions and objectives, including the target 
of resources to be deployed and investments to be made, were confirmed. However, 
we have identified some areas to be updated and, in some cases, new initiatives to be 
undertaken, in line with the overall framework. 
 
SUSTAINABILITY 
Sustainable development is a founding element of CDP’s strategy, which embarked 
on a constantly evolving process to integrate sustainability into corporate governance, 
company processes, business activities and corporate culture, as follow: 
I. 
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors are integrating into all 
company processes and internal regulations, through a robust sustainability 
governance system to seize opportunities, manage related risks and maximize 
long-term value. In light of the new strategy envisaged by the 2022-2024 
Strategic Plan, the sustainability governance has been reviewed, and 3 new 
departments, reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer, have been 
established to deal with environmental, social and governance issues: the 
Sector Strategy and Impact Department, the Policy, Evaluation and Advisory 
Department and the Communication, External Relations and Sustainability 
Department. Within the Policy, Evaluation and Advisory Department, CDP 
established 3 technical competence centres to assess the technical aspects of 
financed projects in the following sectors: natural resources, energy and 
environment, development and urban regeneration infrastructures and 
innovation and digitalisation.

--- Page 165 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 165 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Furthermore, four internal committees assist the Board of Directors with 
advisory and recommendation functions, and a support committee promotes a 
collaborative relationship between CDP and its minority shareholders. Among 
these, the Risk and Sustainability Committee perform oversight functions and 
formulates proposals for guidelines on risk management and the evaluation of 
the adoption of new products, as well as providing support on sustainability 
strategy, policies and reporting. 
II. 
In line with the “Policy Driven” approach, as stated in the Strategic Plan, the 
CDP’s Board of Directors approved ten Sectoral Strategic Guidelines and 
seven sustainability policies (five in 2022 and two at the beginning of 2023) 
which aim to integrate sustainability aspects in operations, such as “General 
Policy for Responsible Financing”, “Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy”, and 
“Energy Sector Policy”. With a view of transparency and ongoing dialogue with 
stakeholders, the policies were discussed with sustainability experts and 
representatives of civil society before their approval. All the policies are 
available on CDP's corporate website, and they are subject to periodic reviews 
to reflect changes in the regulatory framework, in the context and any 
developments in CDP’s strategy.  
Moreover, the Board of Directors approved the first ESG Plan, representing the 
first step for the final integration of sustainability in business strategies. The 
ESG Plan defines sustainability targets and commitments; in particular, CDP 
undertakes to: (i) being a green institution that is virtuous in its consumption 
and use of resources (e.g. -50% CO2 emissions by 2024 and -100% by 20305); 
(ii) being an institution whose main asset is its employees, protecting their 
diversity and well-being (e.g., 30% of women in top management positions by 
2024; sustainability objectives accounting for 30% of total MBO objectives); 
being a Smart Company able to digitise and innovate (e.g., annual investment 
in transformation accounting for 45% of total ICT investment; more than 40% 
of applications to be cloud-based by 2024); (iv) being an institution attentive to 
its supply chain (e.g., more than 70% of purchases from suppliers with 
social/environmental certifications by 2024); 
III. 
CDP adopts a model to evaluate climatic and environmental risk, and an 
internal methodology, the Sustainable Development Assessment, which 
assess the ESG factors for all the transactions with private and international 
cooperation counterparties subject to the ordinary funding assessment 
process. The SDA model was revised in 2022 to include the strategic 
coherence assessment with the Sectoral Strategic Guidelines and the technical 
assessment for specific projects with greater complexity and their economic, 
social, employment and environmental impacts. Such assessments feed into 
the internal decision-making process alongside the more traditional 
 
 
5 Targets related to the Group Companies, understood as CDP SpA and the companies it directly 
controls and over which it exercises management and coordination. Market-based methodology. 2019 
baseline. Total emissions are related to scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3, and the latter refers to business 
travel.

--- Page 166 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 166 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
assessments of risk profile, compliance and anti-money laundering, financial 
conditions and legal aspects. 
IV. 
A responsible activity of monitoring and reporting the Group’s non-financial 
performance. This activity is constantly evolving with respect to the analysis 
and selection of the international reporting standards and the refinement of the 
data collection process to minimise operational risks and track non-financial 
data at the Group level. The Integrated Report of the CDP Group - in 2022 in 
its third edition - was published in response to the need to report the financial, 
social, environmental and governance results through a unitary tool, 
increasingly orienting the company’s work towards “integrated thinking”.  
In accordance with Article 8 of the Taxonomy, the CDP Group, as one of the 
entities obliged to publish non-financial information (pursuant to Legislative 
Decree 254/16), has undertaken, for the second year of reporting, to disclose 
to investors, as well as to its stakeholders, the extent to which its assets are 
associated with economic activities considered potentially environmentally 
sustainable. 
To provide an increasingly evolved disclosure and anticipate future reporting 
trends, CDP reviewed the Materiality Matrix according to the double perspective 
suggested by the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). In 
2022, following the regulatory developments relating to the updating of the GRI 
standards and the introduction of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (CSRD) at European level, CDP adjusted the methodology underlying 
the analysis and refine the tools used, while at the same time expanding the 
panel of stakeholders involved in the analysis.  
V. 
CDP aims at boosting a culture of sustainability within the Group by  
encouraging sustainable and responsible behaviour and providing training 
courses on sustainability, and externally, by providing support to communities 
and local areas. 
VI. 
CDP promotes a distinctive positioning for the Group in sustainability.  
 
The stakeholder's involvement is an essential factor guiding the Group's work. 
In 2022 the Group reserved a particular effort to strengthen the participation of 
all stakeholders to gather their views, opinions and proposals. In light of the 
new strategy envisaged by the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan - in addition to regular 
consultations before the approval of policies and guidelines - CDP organised 
the first Multistakeholder Forum (Milan, 28 November 2022), with over 320 
stakeholders in attendance and 5,000 views of the streaming. The Forum 
enabled a return to direct engagement and more excellent proximity with its 
stakeholders to strengthen an open and inclusive dialogue. 
Furthermore, the dialogue with rating companies and investors is constant and 
increasing. Currently, the ESG Rating assigned to CDP by ISS ESG is equal to 
C-, which, among other things, derives from the presence of a range of services 
offered by CDP with high social and environmental benefits; the “Social & 
Governance” dimension deemed at a C+ level rating; and, a Very High

--- Page 167 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 167 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
“Transparency Level”, revealing CDP’s capacity to transparently disclose 
information and data. At the same time, CDP is rated by Moody's ESG Solutions 
with an ESG overall score of 67/100 (Advanced), which, among other things, 
derives from an Advanced capacity by CDP to integrate ESG factors into its 
strategy, operations and risk management; a strong social footprint, with a 
“Social” factor ESG overall score deemed at a level of 72/100; and, a significant 
contribution of CDP Group’s share of loans and investments to the UN SDGs. 
 
CDP SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE OWNERSHIP 
The Issuer's authorised and fully paid in share capital, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, is equal to Euro 4,051,143,264.00 and is divided into 342,430,912 
ordinary shares with no par value. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the MEF 
owns 82.775 per cent. of the share capital of CDP and 15.925 per cent. is owned by 
61 banking foundations (fondazioni bancarie). The remaining 1.3010 per cent. was 
repurchased by CDP after two banking foundations exercised their withdrawal right 
related to the conversion of preferred shares. 
Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 2, of Law Decree 269 and to article 7, paragraph 2, 
of CDP's by-laws, the majority of the shares with voting rights must be owned by the 
MEF. No shareholder of CDP, other than the MEF, may hold, directly or indirectly, 
shares equal to more than 5 per cent. of the share capital. Any voting rights attached 
to the shares held in excess of such shareholding, may not be exercised, without 
prejudice to the fact that the shares for which the right to vote may not be exercised 
will in any case be included in the calculation of the quorum required to constitute the 
shareholders' meeting. Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of CDP's by-laws, shares 
may only be owned by the foundations referred to in Article 2 of Legislative Decree 
No. 153 of 17 May 1999, banks and supervised financial intermediaries, which fulfil 
the stability of assets and regular management requirements. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the shareholders of CDP are as follows: 
Shareholders 
Share Capital 
Owned (%) 
Ministero dell'economia e delle finanze (MEF) 
82.775 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
1.611 
Compagnia di San Paolo 
1.609 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio delle Province Lombarde 
1.558 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Torino 
1.500 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Lucca 
0.852 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Cuneo 
0.746 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze 
0.601

--- Page 168 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 168 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Shareholders 
Share Capital 
Owned (%) 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Perugia 
0.601 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Padova e Rovigo  
0.599 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Trento e Rovereto  
0.512 
Fondazione di Venezia 
0.417 
Fondazione Banca del Monte di Lombardia 
0.417 
Fondazione Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì 
0.431 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Alessandria  
0.371 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pistoia e Pescia  
0.351 
Fondazione CARIPARMA 
0.330 
Fondazione di Piacenza e Vigevano 
0.322 
Fondazione Agostino De Mari  
0.275 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Trieste 
0.256 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Genova e Imperia 
0.196 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Ravenna 
0.167 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Modena 
0.149 
Fondazione Banco di Napoli 
0.142 
Fondazione Friuli 
0.136 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Bolzano 
0.112 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Spezia 
0.109 
Fondazione Pescarabruzzo 
0.104 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Macerata 
0.100 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Imola  
0.086 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Gorizia 
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia dell'Aquila 
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Terni e Narni 
0.083

--- Page 169 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 169 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Shareholders 
Share Capital 
Owned (%) 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Asti  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Carpi  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Biella  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Reggio Emilia - Pietro Manodori  0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Teramo  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pesaro 
0.067 
Fondazione Livorno 
0.050 
Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
0.034 
Fondazione del Monte di Bologna e Ravenna 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Vercelli 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Viterbo 
CA.RI.VIT. 
0.033 
Fondazione Sicilia 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Fabriano e Cupramontana 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Fermo 
0.027 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Calabria e di Lucania 
0.025 
Fondazione dei Monti Uniti di Foggia 
0.025 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Savigliano 
0.019 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Fossano 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Carrara 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio e Banca del Monte di Lugo 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio Salernitana 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Spoleto 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara 
0.014 
Fondazione Banca del Monte di Lucca 
0.013

--- Page 170 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 170 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Shareholders 
Share Capital 
Owned (%) 
Fondazione Monteparma 
0.010 
Fondazione Banca del Monte e C.R. Faenza  
0.008 
Fondazione Banca del Monte di Rovigo 
0.002 
CDP – Own shares 
1.300 
 
CDP ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Board of Directors, Managing Director and General Manager 
The shareholders' meeting held on 27 May 2021 elected a new Board of Directors for 
the 2021, 2022 and 2023 financial years, appointing as directors: Giovanni Gorno 
Tempini (Chairman), Dario Scannapieco, Livia Amidani Aliberti, Anna Girello Garbi, 
Fabrizia Lapecorella, Fabiana Massa, Matteo Melley, Alessandra Ruzzu and Giorgio 
Toschi. 
On 1st June 2021, the Board of Directors appointed Dario Scannapieco as Chief 
Executive Officer and General Manager. 
On 1 December 2022 Matteo Melley has resigned from office and on 15 February 
2023 the shareholders' meeting appointed Giorgio Righetti as Director to replace him. 
With effect from 3 April 2023, Fabrizia Lapecorella has resigned from office and, on 
21 April 2023, the shareholders' meeting appointed Francesco Di Ciommo as Director 
to replace her. 
Pursuant to CDP's by-laws, the Board of Directors is composed of nine members, 
elected for a period of no more than three financial years. They may be re-elected. 
As at the date hereof, the members of the Board of Directors are: 
Giovanni Gorno Tempini (Chairman)  
Dario Scannapieco 
(Chief Executive Officer and General Manager)  
Livia Amidani Aliberti  
 
Francesco Di Ciommo 
 
Anna Girello Garbi 
 
 
Fabiana Massa

--- Page 171 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 171 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Pursuant to article 15 of CDP's by-laws, for matters relating to the Separate Account 
System (as described above), the Board of Directors consists of the members listed 
in letters (c), (d) and (f) of Article 7, paragraph 1, of Law 197 (the "Additional 
Directors"). 
As at the date hereof, the Board of Directors consists of the following Additional 
Directors: 
Pier Paolo Italia 
(Delegate of the State Accountant General)  
Riccardo 
Barbieri 
Hermitte 
(General Director of the Treasury) 
Paolo Calvano 
(Representing the Conference of Regions and 
Autonomous Provinces) 
Antonio Decaro 
(Representing the National Association of Italian 
Commons) 
Michele de Pascale 
(Representing the Union of Italian Provinces) 
In addition to their respective positions held within CDP, as at the date hereof, the 
Directors listed below hold the following significant offices outside CDP: 
Giovanni Gorno Tempini 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of CDP 
Equity S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of CDP 
RETI S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of F.I.L.A. - 
Fabbrica Italiana Lapis ed Affini S.P.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Avio S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of TIM S.p.A. 
Dario Scannapieco 
CEO of CDP RETI S.p.A. 
Livia Amidani Aliberti  
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
RECORDATI  
Giorgio Righetti 
 
Alessandra Ruzzu 
 
Giorgio Toschi

--- Page 172 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 172 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Messaggerie Italiane S.p.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Board, Chairman of 
the Strategy Committee, Chairman of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee of 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
Francesco Di Ciommo6  
University Professor  
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banca 
Widiba S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Supervisory Body of Versalis 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Supervisory Body of Eni 
Trade & Biofuels S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Supervisory Body of EGEM 
S.p.A. 
Anna Girello Garbi 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Italgelatine S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ondalba S.P.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Delsanto S.p.A. 
Member of the board management of EGEA - 
Ente Gestione Energia e Ambiente S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Twin set S.p.A 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Sedamyl S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Magazzini Montello S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Giorgio Visconti S.p.A. 
 
 
6 On 21 April 2023 shareholders’ meeting of CDP appointed Francesco Di Ciommo as Director.

--- Page 173 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 173 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Biomet S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Renergia S.p.A. 
Managing partner of Studio Girello s.s. Dottori 
Commercialisti in Alba, Partner Eurodefi 
Professional Club in Milano. 
Fabiana Massa 
University Professor 
Member of the Board of Directors of Museo 
Nazionale di Matera 
Giorgio Righetti  
Vice President and Member of the Board of 
Directors of SEFEA IMPACT SGR S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of CDP 
REAL ASSET SGR S.p.A. 
General Manager of ACRI (Associazione di 
Fondazioni e di Casse Di Risparmio S.p.A.) 
Alessandra Ruzzu 
Chief External Relations & Communication 
Officer Tinexta S.p.A. 
Giorgio Toschi 
No significant offices 
Riccardo Barbieri Hermitte 
General Director of the Treasury Department, 
Ministry of Economy and Finance 
Member of the Board of Directors of Ferrovie 
dello Stato Italiane S.P.A. 
Pier Paolo Italia 
Inspector General of the Public Accounting and 
Finance Inspectorate of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance 
Member of the Board of auditors of CONI 
Chairman of the Board of auditors of CSEA 
Paolo Calvano 
Assessor 
of 
the 
Financial 
Statements, 
Personnel, 
Assets 
and 
Institutional 
Reorganisation 
of 
the 
Emilia-Romagna 
Regional Government.

--- Page 174 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 174 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Antonio Decaro 
Chairman of Associazione Nazionale Comuni 
Italiani (ANCI) 
Mayor of the city of Bari 
Michele de Pascale 
Chairman of UPI  
Major of the city of Ravenna 
No conflict of interest exists between duties owed to the Issuer by the members of the 
Board of Directors, as listed above, and their private interests. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is at CDP's registered 
office at Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome, Italy. 
The Chairman of the Board of Directors is the legal representative of CDP and is 
authorised to sign on its behalf, to chair shareholders' meetings and to convene and 
chair the Board of Directors. The Vice-Chairman will substitute for the Chairman in 
case of his/her absence or inability, where appointed. The Chief Executive Officer is 
the legal representative of CDP in respect of the powers vested in him by the Board 
of Directors. 
Directors are elected through the voting list system; only the shareholders who 
represent, alone or together with other shareholders, at least 10 per cent. of shares 
with voting rights in the ordinary shareholders' meeting have the right to present a list. 
The first candidate on the list which obtains the greatest number of votes is appointed 
Chief Executive Officer, while the first candidate on the list which obtains the second 
greatest number of votes is appointed Chairman. Unless already done by the 
shareholders' meeting, the Board of Directors elects a Chairman; furthermore, the 
Board of Directors may elect a Vice-Chairman and appoints a Secretary and a Vice-
Secretary. 
The majority of the directors in office shall be present at a meeting in order for the 
Board of Directors to pass valid resolutions at such meeting, without prejudice to the 
provisions of article 30, paragraph 3, of CDP's by-laws, and for the adoption of the 
resolutions referred to in article 21, paragraph 1, letter (m) and article 21, paragraph 
2, of CDP's by-laws, which are adopted in the presence of at least seven directors 
elected by the shareholders' meeting. 
Resolutions shall be passed by the majority of the directors attending and voting in 
favour, without prejudice to the provisions of article 30, paragraph 3, of CDP's by-laws, 
and for the adoption of the resolutions referred to in article 21, paragraph 1, letter (m) 
and article 21, paragraph 2, of CDP's by-laws, which are adopted with the favourable 
vote of at least seven directors elected by the shareholders' meeting. 
Resolutions concerning the Separate Account System shall be passed by the 
favourable vote of at least two of the Additional Directors attending the meeting. In the 
event of a tied number of votes, the vote of the Chairman of the meeting prevails. 
In addition to the matters reserved to the Board of Directors by law, the following 
matters, among others, fall within its exclusive authority: (a) the set-up of the strategic 
policies of CDP and the approval of related plans; (b) the determination of CDP's

--- Page 175 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 175 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
general organisational structure; (c) any appointment and determination of the powers 
of a General Manager and one or more Deputy General Managers and the dismissal 
of such officers, having obtained the opinion of the Chief Executive Officer; (d) the 
determination of the operative terms and conditions for implementing the guidelines 
issued by the Bank of Italy; (e) the acquisition or transfer of shareholdings; (f) the 
granting of loans in amounts exceeding Euro 500,000,000.00; (g) the borrowing of 
amounts exceeding Euro 500 million; (h) the creation of separate assets; (i) the setting 
up of administrative and representative branches and representative and executive 
offices, both in Italy and abroad; (j) the determination of the operative terms and 
conditions for implementing the guidelines of the Separate Account System; and (k) 
the establishment of risk objectives, of any tolerance thresholds and risk governance 
and management policies and the associated risk detection procedures, which shall 
be specified in appropriate rules. 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
The board of statutory auditors of CDP (the "Board of Statutory Auditors") is 
composed of five effective auditors and two alternate auditors. The auditors are 
appointed in compliance with Italian law and regulations by the shareholders' meeting 
for a term of three years and may be re-elected. 
As at the date hereof, the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are: 
Carlo Corradini 
(Chairman) 
Franca Brusco 
(Standing auditor) 
Mauro D’Amico 
(Standing auditor) 
Patrizia Graziani 
(Standing auditor) 
Davide Maggi  
(Standing auditor) 
Anna Maria Ustino 
(Alternate auditor) 
Giuseppe Zottoli 
(Alternate auditor) 
In addition to their respective offices held at CDP, as at the date hereof, the members 
of the Board of Statutory Auditors listed below hold the following significant offices: 
Carlo Corradini 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banor 
Sim S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Quaestio 
Capital 
Management 
SGR 
S.p.A. 
and 
Quaestio Holding S.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ansaldo Energia S.p.A.

--- Page 176 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 176 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Chairman of the Board of Auditors of 
“Fondazione per il Futuro delle città” 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of PLT 
S.p.A. 
Franca Brusco 
Member of the Board of Directors of Garofalo 
Health Care S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of FS Sistemi 
Urbani S.r.l. 
Liquidator of Retelit Med S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Auditors of di 
Fondazione Musica per Roma 
Member of the Board of Auditors of SACAL 
S.p.A. and SACAL Ground Handling S.p.A.  
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Simest S.p.A. 
Mauro D’Amico  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
R.F.I. S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
RAI Pubblicità S.p.A. 
Central Budget Office Director at Ministry of 
Economy and Finance 
Patrizia Graziani  
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Fondazione Cassa Dei Risparmi di Forlì 
Member of the Board of Directors of Ser.In.Ar. 
S.c.p.a. 
Davide Maggi 
University Professor 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Accademia del Cimento S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
B&D Holding S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ponti S.p.A. Società Benefit 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ponti Holding S.p.A.

--- Page 177 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 177 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
De Agostini Publishing S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
De Agostini Editore S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Lopezo Due Immobiliare S.p.A. 
Anna Maria Ustino  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Cinecittà S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Concessioni Autostradali Venete (CAV) S.p.A. 
Giuseppe Zottoli 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Biagini 1863 S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor of Acciai Speciali Terni S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Terninox S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Finlogistic 
S.p.A., 
Marzocchi 
Pompe 
S.p.A., 
Esautomotion S.p.A., FBM Fornaci Briziarelli 
Marsciano S.p.A. and Erredue S.p.A. 
Statutory auditors are elected by the same voting list system as the one applicable to 
the election of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors shall be the 
first candidate elected from the list which obtained the greatest number of votes. 
The business addresses of the member of the Board of Statutory Auditors are 
specified below: 
Carlo Corradini 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Franca Brusco 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Mauro D’Amico 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Patrizia Graziani  
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Davide Maggi 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Anna Maria Ustino  
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome

--- Page 178 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 178 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Giuseppe Zottoli 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome  
Court of Accounts' supervision 
Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 17, of Law Decree 269, CDP is supervised by the 
Italian Court of Accounts (Corte dei Conti) in accordance with Article 12 of Law No. 
259 of 21 March 1958. The supervision is exercised by one of the Court of Accounts' 
members, appointed by the Court's President, who is entitled to attend the meetings 
of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Statutory Auditors. The member of the 
Court of Accounts in office from 1 January 2021 for CDP's supervision is Carlo Alberto 
Manfredi Selvaggi, while Luigi Caso is the alternate member. 
Auditing Firm  
Upon proposal of the Board of Directors and having consulted with the Board of 
Statutory Auditors, an auditing firm was appointed for a period of nine years during the 
shareholders' meeting of 19 March 2019 with effect from 21 May 2020. 
The auditing firm appointed by CDP is Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., with registered offices 
at Via Tortona 25, Milan, Italy, whose term of office will expire upon approval of the 
financial statements for the year 2028. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is a company enrolled with the Register of Certified Auditors 
(Registro dei Revisori Legali) held by the MEF. 
Committee of Minority Shareholders  
Pursuant to article 22 of CDP's by-laws, the committee of minority shareholders of 
CDP (the "Committee of Minority Shareholders") is composed of nine members 
appointed by the minority shareholders. The committee shall be appointed with the 
quorums to convene and to deliberate as provided by the regulations applicable to the 
ordinary shareholders' meeting and its term shall end on the date of the shareholders' 
meeting convened to appoint the Board of Directors. The Committee of Minority 
Shareholders appoints a chairman who has the power to convene the meetings, to set 
the agenda and to chair the meetings. The chairman receives in advance from CDP 
analytical reports on the (i) level of financial liquidity, (ii) lending commitments, (iii) 
shareholdings and participations, (iv) current and prospective investments, (v) most 
relevant business transactions entered into by CDP, (vi) updated accounting 
information, (vii) the auditing company's reports and the internal auditing reports 
relating to the organisation and to the functioning of CDP and (viii) minutes of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The chairman may request additional information from the Chairman of the Board of 
Directors, from the Chief Executive Officer, from the General Manager, where 
appointed, or from the Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors. The minutes of 
the Committee of Minority Shareholders are notified to the Board of Directors and the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. The members of the committee are subject to a duty of 
confidentiality with respect to the information on business activities provided by CDP. 
As at the date hereof, the members of the Committee of Minority Shareholders are the 
following:

--- Page 179 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 179 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Giovanni Quaglia  
(Chairman) 
Konrad Bergmeister 
 
Marcello Bertocchini 
 
Michele Bugliesi 
 
Giovanni Fosti 
 
Francesco Caia 
 
Paolo Cavicchioli 
 
Cristina Colaiacovo 
 
Giuseppe Toffoli 
 
 
Parliamentary Supervisory Committee  
The Parliamentary Supervisory Committee of CDP (the "Parliamentary Supervisory 
Committee") is composed of four members of the Italian Senate (Senato della 
Repubblica), four members of the Italian Chamber of Deputies (Camera dei Deputati), 
and four non-parliamentary members7.  
Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 9 of Law Decree 269 and Royal Decree No. 453, the 
Parliamentary Supervisory Committee supervises the Separate Account System of 
CDP. 
With the beginning of a new legislature the Parliamentary Supervisory Committee 
remains in charge until the new Committee takes office. 
Therefore, the members of the Parliamentary Supervisory Committee for the 18th 
Legislature (2018-2022), still in charge until the new Committee representatives will 
be chosen, are the following: 
Sestino Giacomoni 
Former member of the Chamber of 
Deputies 
Nunzio Angiola 
Former member of the Chamber of 
Deputies 
 
 
7 Three administrative judges, among which two of the Regional Administrative Court (Tribunale 
Amministrativo Regionale) - and one of the Council of State (Consiglio di Stato), and one judge of 
the Court of Audit (Corte dei Conti).

--- Page 180 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 180 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Alberto Bagnai 
Member 
of 
the 
Chamber 
of 
Deputies 
Roberta Ferrero 
Former member of the Senate 
Cristiano Zuliani 
Former member of the Senate 
Vincenzo Presutto 
Former member of the Senate 
Raffaele Trano 
Former member of the Chamber of 
Deputies 
Gian Pietro Dal Moro 
Former member of the Chamber of 
Deputies 
Luca Cestaro 
Counsellor 
of 
the 
Regional 
Administrative Court - Campania 
Carlo Dell’Olio 
Counsellor 
of 
the 
Regional 
Administrative Court - Campania 
Luigi Massimiliano Tarantino 
Counsellor of the Council of State – 
Secretary for confidential affairs 
Mauro Orefice 
Section President of the Court of 
Audit 
Parliamentary Supervisory Committee pursuant to Article 56 of Law No. 88 of 9 
March 1989 ("Law 88")  
Article 1, paragraph 253, of the Stability Law 2014 has conferred to the Parliamentary 
Supervisory Committee for the "oversight of entities managing mandatory pension and 
welfare services" – established by Law 88 – the specific task of supervising the 
Separate Account System of CDP, with respect to the financial operations and the 
operations supporting the public sector achieved in the pension and welfare field. 
Supervisory Board pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001 
("Decree 231") 
Decree 231 allows italian corporate entities to implement compliance procedures to 
defend themselves against the administrative liability that may attach to them under 
Decree 231, through the adoption of an organizational, management and control 
model ("Model 231") and the appointment of an independent officer or body to 
supervise such Model 231. 
CDP established a supervisory board in compliance with Decree 231 for the purpose 
of monitoring the risks of potential criminal and administrative liabilities (the 
"Supervisory Board"). Decree 231 established the criminal and administrative liability

--- Page 181 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 181 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
of a corporation in the event that senior managers, subordinates or individuals acting 
on behalf of CDP and in its name violate criminal provisions in the interest and for the 
benefit of the corporation. For the purpose of avoiding and reducing the risk of such 
liability, CDP has also adopted a Model 231 that is aimed at preventing potential 
sanctions deriving from specific crimes identified in the Decree 231 itself and 
monitoring business activities and internal procedures in order to prevent any kind of 
violation. 
Pursuant to Article 6, paragraph 4-bis, of Decree 231 and in accordance with the Bank 
of Italy regulations in force, the meeting of the Board of Directors, held on 25 January 
2017, resolved to transfer all the functions and duties of the previously appointed 
Supervisory Board to the Board of Statutory Auditors, with effect from 27 February 
2017. 
The activity of the Board of Statutory Auditors acting as Supervisory Board is 
supported by the Internal Audit department of CDP (See "Internal Controls" below). 
Board committees  
The following are brief descriptions of the board committees of CDP which have been 
set up for the specific purpose of providing support to CDP's management in either an 
advisory capacity or by making proposals for the consideration of the entire Board of 
Directors. Such committees are: (i) the Risk and Sustainability Committee; (ii) the 
Related Parties Committee; (iii) the Compensation Committee; and (iv) the 
Appointments Committee. 
Risk and Sustainability Committee 
The Risk and Sustainability Committee is established, pursuant to article 21, 
paragraph 2, of CDP's by-laws, by the Board of Directors and is chaired by a Director 
drawn from the list coming second in terms of number of votes or in any case 
designated by the non-controlling shareholders, which shall have responsibility for 
control and the development of policy recommendations in the field of risk 
management and for the assessment of the adoption of new products, determining its 
specific duties, operating procedures, objectives, responsibilities and members in 
appropriate internal rules approved by the Board of Directors. Within its prerogatives, 
the Risk and Sustainability Committee may also be attributed responsibilities in the 
field of sustainability. In addition, the Risk and Sustainability Committee shall be 
composed by at least two and up to a maximum of three members of the Board of 
Directors elected by the shareholders' meeting. The Risk and Sustainability 
Committee has responsibility over the control and development of policy 
recommendations in the field of risk management and for the evaluation of new 
investment products, and over the support function with respect to sustainability 
strategy, policies and reporting. The Risk Director and the Internal Audit Director of 
CDP attend the Committee's meetings. 
As at the date hereof, the Risk and Sustainability Committee is composed of the 
following members: Giorgio Righetti (Chairman), Francesco Di Ciommo, Fabiana 
Massa and Anna Girello Garbi. 
Related Party Committee

--- Page 182 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 182 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
The Related Party Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors and is composed 
of three non-executive directors. The committee's role is to analyse related party 
transactions and to produce a preliminary report thereon, setting out whether it is in 
CDP's interest to carry out such transaction, how CDP will benefit from the same, and 
evaluating whether the conditions applicable to the transaction are substantially and 
procedurally correct. 
As at the date hereof, the Related Party Committee is composed of the following 
members: Fabiana Massa (Chairman), Livia Amidani Aliberti and Alessandra Ruzzu. 
Compensation Committee 
The Compensation Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors and is composed 
of three non-executive directors. The committee is tasked with assisting in the 
evaluation of the compensation of the Chairman, the Chief Executing Officer and the 
General Manager and, where possible, of the other administrative bodies of the 
company required by law or by virtue of CDP's by-laws, including those established 
by the Board of Directors (i.e. the committees). The proposals made by the 
Compensation Committee are submitted for the approval of the Board of Directors, 
upon prior opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
As at the date hereof, the Compensation Committee is composed of the following 
members: Francesco Di Ciommo, Giorgio Toschi and Alessandra Ruzzu. 
Appointments Committee  
The Appointments Committee Supports the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of 
Directors in the appointment process of members of corporate bodies of the 
subsidiaries.  
As at the date hereof, the Appointments Committee is composed of the following 
members: Giovanni Gorno Tempini (Chairman), Dario Scannapieco and Riccardo 
Barbieri Hermitte. 
Internal controls, risk management and compliance 
CDP has developed an internal control system consisting of a set of rules, procedures, 
and organizational structures designed to identify, measure or assess, monitor, 
prevent or mitigate, and promptly communicate to all appropriate levels, the risks 
assumed or that may be assumed in the various segments, as well as to ensure 
compliance with the applicable regulations, in accordance with its corporate strategies 
and the achievement of targets set by company management. 
In particular, CDP has implemented the internal control system according to the Three 
Lines Model. The so called "first level controls" (line controls) are carried out by 
business and administrative departments and, where possible, are correlated by IT 
procedures. These controls are built into organizational procedures and are designed 
to ensure that operations are carried out correctly in line with the assigned risk 
objectives. 
The so called "second level controls" (risk management and compliance controls) are 
carried out by dedicated and independent departments that are not in charge of front

--- Page 183 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 183 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
office activities, i.e. the risk management function, the compliance function and the 
anti-money laundering function. According to the relevant regulations and best 
practices, these independent, separate and permanent second level functions are 
both under the direction of the Head of Risk department. 
The risk management controls are designed, inter alia, to establish risk measurement 
methodologies and to verify that the operational limits set for the different areas are 
respected, as well as to ensure coherence between the risks taken by the business 
departments and the risk policy approved by the Board of Directors. 
The Risk Committees are: (i) the Board of Directors’ Risk & Sustainability Committee 
which comprises members of the Board of Directors and supports the Board of 
Directors regarding risks, internal control system and sustainability; (ii) the Risk 
Governance Committee (both at internal and group level) supporting the Chief 
Executive Officer or other decision-making bodies, which has responsibilities for 
controlling and formulating proposals concerning governance risk management 
matters (for example risk policy and Risk Appetite Framework) and the adoption of 
new products; and (iii) the Risk Evaluation Committee (both at internal and group 
level), which is responsible for risk evaluation of credit, equity, real estate, and other 
activities. 
Compliance controls are carried out by the CDP compliance function. The CDP 
compliance function ensures, on a risk-based approach, the compliance risk 
management, which can be defined as the risk of legal or administrative sanctions, 
financial loss, or reputational risk a company may suffer as a result of its failure to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations or self-regulatory arrangements (i.e. 
codes of conduct, codes of ethics, internal procedures). 
The primary duties of the compliance function include: 
• 
identifying, on an ongoing basis, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to 
CDP and assessing the related impact on the internal processes and procedures, 
and more generally, within the whole organisation; 
• 
identifying the appropriate internal procedures in order to manage the 
compliance risk and verifying its effectiveness and adequacy; 
• 
making proposals related to organisational and procedural changes in order to 
ensure that compliance risks identified are managed appropriately; 
• 
appropriately and periodically reporting to the involved governing bodies and 
corporate structures; 
• 
verifying the effectiveness and adequacy of the organisational measures 
suggested to manage compliance risk; and 
• 
coordinating the compliance functions of the companies subject to the 
management and coordination activity (direzione e coordinamento) by CDP, in 
order to guarantee an integrated management of the risk of non-compliance 
within the CDP Group.

--- Page 184 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 184 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
The compliance function, on an ongoing basis, prevents reputational risk of the 
business activities in order to ensure the protection of the CDP Group's reputation 
according to the risk appetite framework established by the Board of Directors. 
Furthermore, pursuant to Italian Decree No. 231 of 21 November 2007 ("Decree 
231/2007") and the measures issued by the Bank of Italy and the Financial Intelligence 
Unit, CDP appointed the head of the Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering 
Department (“AML”) as the company's representative concerning anti-money 
laundering compliance and reporting of suspicious transactions. As a result, the 
Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering Department includes a separate anti-money 
laundering function. Such function carries out additional controls in order to verify the 
adequacy and efficacy of the procedures relating to customer due diligence, data 
retention and reporting of suspicious transactions, also in compliance with the Group 
AML Policy. 
Finally, the so called "third level controls" are performed by the Internal Audit 
department, a permanent, independent and objective function, under the direction of 
an independent Head of the Internal Audit department, that reports hierarchically to 
the Board of Directors, through its Chairman. The Board of Directors, as a strategic 
supervisory body, gives authority to the Internal Audit department, while guaranteeing 
its independence. Furthermore, the necessary link between the Internal Audit 
department, the body responsible for the management function and the management 
is guaranteed. 
Internal Audit, Risk Management and Compliance/AML functions cooperate to share 
the different perspectives on risks and controls in order to provide the Corporate 
Bodies with a single representation of the overall level of risk, coordinate annual 
activity plans and exchange information on critical issues, inefficiencies, weaknesses 
or irregularities identified in their respective control activities. Cooperation between 
these functions is intended to develop synergies and avoid overlaps, while ensuring 
adequate coverage of control objectives. 
The Internal Audit department, through professional and systematic supervision, 
pursues the continuous improvement of the effectiveness and efficiency of 
governance, risk management and control processes of CDP and Group subsidiaries 
subject to management and coordination. Specifically, the Internal Audit department 
provides an independent and objective evaluation of the completeness, adequacy, 
functionality and reliability of the organizational structure and of the overall internal 
control system, and it assesses the regular functioning of processes, the safeguard of 
assets, the reliability and integrity of accounting and operational information as well as 
compliance with internal and external regulations (including the Code of Ethics) and 
management guidelines. 
For the execution of its activities, annually the Internal Audit department prepares, and 
presents to the Board of Directors an audit plan for its approval. The Audit Plan is 
consistent with the reference regulation, the risks associated with the activities run for 
the achievement of the company goals and takes into account the guidance provided 
by the Chairman of the BoD, the Chief Executive Officer and the Corporate Bodies. It 
sets out the activities to be carried out and the objectives to be pursued.

--- Page 185 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 185 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
On a quarterly basis, the Internal Audit department reports to the Board of Directors, 
the Board of Statutory Auditors and the Board of Directors’ Risk & Sustainability 
Committee on the progress of the Annual Plan, the activities carried out, the main 
issues detected and the progress made on the corrective actions taken for CDP and 
Group subsidiaries subject to management and coordination, highlighting any risks 
that have not been adequately mitigated in relation to the failed or ineffective removal 
of the anomalies found in its monitoring activities. Annually, it also presents its 
assessment of the overall internal control system. The issues identified during each 
audit engagement are immediately reported to the relevant company units so that they 
can implement corrective actions. 
CDP’s Internal Audit function carries out the activities for the subsidiaries subject to 
management and coordination according to service provision methods set out in the 
agreement with the subsidiary. The Internal Audit department also assists the 
Supervisory Body established pursuant to Decree No. 231/2001 in carrying out its 
work. 
Furthermore, the Internal Audit department may provide support, assistance and 
advisory services to other corporate functions in order to create added value and to 
improve the risk management and the organization’s performance, without taking 
management responsibilities so as to avoid any situation that could potentially 
influence its independence and objectivity. 
EMPLOYEES 
As at 31 December 2022, CDP has 1,222 employees. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
As of the date hereof, CDP’s internal organisation is structured as follows.  
The following structures report to the Board of Directors: Chief Executive Officer & 
General Manager; Internal Audit. 
The following organisational structures report to the Chief Executive Officer & General 
Manager: Business; International Development Cooperation, Legal, Corporate & 
Regulatory 
Affairs; 
Communications, 
External 
Relations 
& 
Sustainability; 
Administration, Finance & Control; People & Organization; Innovation, Transformation 
& Operation; Risk; Policy, Valuation & Advisory; European & International Affairs; Real 
Estate; Investments; Sectorial Strategies & Impact. 
Internal Audit is in charge of performing third level controls by managing the following 
scope of business: audit assurance and advise, group audit functions coordination, 
audit methodologies, Supervisory Body support. 
Business is in charge of managing financial support to: infrastructure operators, 
national and local public entities, Italian enterprises at both national and international 
level.  
International Development Cooperation is in charge of managing financial support to 
developing countries and emerging markets.

--- Page 186 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 186 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Legal, Corporate & Regulatory Affairs is in charge of managing the following scope of 
business: legal support on financing activities; legal support on markets and equity 
investments; group governance & litigations; corporate and regulatory affairs. 
Communications, External Relations & Sustainability is in charge of managing the 
following scope of business: marketing & communications; media relations; 
institutional & territorial relations; sustainability & civil society. 
Administration, Finance & Control is in charge of managing the following scope of 
business: administration; financial statement; regulatory reporting; finance and 
funding; tax; planning and control; investor relations. 
People & Organization is in charge of managing the following scope of business: 
human resources and organization. 
Innovation, Transformation & Operations is in charge of managing the following scope 
of business: procurement; ICT; logistics; back office; security. 
Risk is in charge of managing the following scope of business: compliance; anti-money 
laundering; risk operations; risk management; risk governance. 
Policy, Valuation & Advisory is in charge of setting ESG policies, providing advisory, 
valuation and monitoring of CDP initiatives. 
European & International Affairs is in charge of managing European and international 
affairs. 
Real Estate is in charge of managing real estate business initiatives. 
Investments is in charge of managing the following scope of business: mergers and 
acquisitions in equity investments, funds and venture capital. 
Sectorial Strategies & Impact is in charge of managing strategic analysis on markets 
and sectors trends, monitoring ex-post the impact generated by CDP business lines. 
In managing business activities and priorities, as well as significant Corporate and 
Group strategic projects, the Chief Executive Officer & General Manager is supported 
by the Organizational Unit CEO Staff. 
Accordingly, the organisational structure of CDP is set out in the chart below.

--- Page 187 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 187 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
 
 
CEO & General 
Manager 
Chairman 
Board of Directors 
Communications, 
External Relations 
& Sustainability 
Administration, 
Finance & Control 
Innovation, 
Transformation & 
Operations 
Business 
European & 
International 
Affairs 
Investments 
Internal Audit 
Real Estate 
Risk 
CEO Staff 
Legal, Corporate 
& Regulatory 
Affairs 
People & 
Organization 
Sectorial 
Strategies & 
Impact 
Policy, Valuation 
& Advisory 
International 
Development 
Cooperation

--- Page 188 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 188 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
CDP complies with Italian laws and regulations regarding corporate governance. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts during the years 2022 and 2021 
outside of its ordinary course of business that have been or may reasonably be 
expected to be material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders.  
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
On 5 March 2023, the Board of Directors of the Issuer resolved in favour of the 
submission of a non-binding offer by CDP Equity, jointly with Macquarie Asset 
Management, for the acquisition of Telecom Italia S.p.A.’s NetCo, which, once 
incorporated, will include Telecom Italia S.p.A.’s infrastructure network and Sparkle.  
On 18 April 2023, the Board of Directors of the Issuer resolved in favour of the 
submission of a second non-binding offer by CDP Equity, jointly with Macquarie Asset 
Management, which was improved compared to the previous offer dated 5 March 
2023, for the acquisition of Telecom Italia S.p.A.’s NetCo, which, once incorporated, 
will include Telecom Italia S.p.A.’s infrastructure network and Sparkle. The offer will 
expire on 31 May 2023. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
Legal disputes of the Issuer 
Currently, CDP is a party in civil and administrative proceedings and legal actions 
connected with the normal course of its operations. 
As at 31 December 2022, CDP was subject to 131 civil and administrative legal 
proceedings (of which 18 related to employment disputes). Excluding the 
aforementioned employment disputes, the total value of the claims was approximately 
Euro 214.4 million and, accordingly, CDP has set aside a prudential reserve of Euro 
66.9 million which it considers adequate to cover risks related to the possible negative 
outcomes of such proceedings.  
As far as employment disputes are concerned, as at 31 December 2022, the total 
estimated liability was approximately Euro 4 million. 
Legal disputes concerning some CDP's subsidiaries 
For information relating to legal disputes as at 31 December 2022, please see “2022 
Consolidated financial statements - Part E - Information on risks and related hedging 
policies” on pages 418-516 of the latest approved audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Issuer which are incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporation by Reference” above). 
With specific regards to the Companies of the CDP Group subject to management and 
coordination please note as follow.   
CDP Immobiliare

--- Page 189 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 189 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
As at 31 December 2022, CDP Immobiliare was involved in 45 civil and administrative 
disputes. 40 claims directly involved CDP Immobiliare and 5 involved its subsidiaries. 
The disputes mainly concern the management of the real estate assets of CDP 
Immobiliare and its subsidiaries. Such disputes are, inter alia, related to: (i) the release 
of illegally occupied buildings; (ii) eviction or finished lease proceedings; (iii) the 
ascertainment of property or rights; (iv) the deeds of sale of real estate assets; (v) 
compensation for pecuniary damage for contractual and/or pre-contractual liability; 
and (vi) the collection of unpaid receivables. Finally, there are also administrative 
disputes aimed at voiding acts and measures of the public administration, and some 
criminal proceedings. 
The estimated total potential liability amounts to approximately Euro 40 million. 
Accordingly, CDP Immobiliare has set aside a prudential reserve of Euro 6.1 million to 
cover risks related to the possible or probable negative outcomes of these 
proceedings, and Euro 1.3 million as debt; while the subsidiaries have set aside a 
prudential reserve of Euro 0.2 million. This reserve refers to the proceedings of CDP 
Immobiliare and its subsidiaries, except for tax and labour proceedings.  
As at 31 December 2022, there was a downward trend in terms of the number of legal 
proceedings, which was mostly related to the issuance of final decisions, the 
transactions and the management of real estate assets (e.g. the release of illegally 
occupied buildings, purchase and sale agreements and other commercial 
transactions, debt recovery and environmental and administrative procedures). 
Furthermore, as at 31 December 2022, CDP Immobiliare was involved in 13 tax 
disputes, and 3 labour law disputes. In relation to these proceedings, CDP Immobiliare 
has set aside a prudential reserve of Euro 292,370.00.  
CDP Real Asset SGR S.p.A. 
As at 31 December 2022, CDP Real Asset SGR S.p.A. (CDP RA SGR) was party to 
a limited number of civil and administrative disputes concerning the management of 
real estate assets, mostly passive. No significant liabilities have been estimated and 
accordingly no prudential reserve has been set aside given the expectation that 
positive outcome of such proceedings is reasonably likely. 
Among the above-mentioned cases, the following claims may potentially impact the 
operations of CDP RA SGR: 
(i) 
the case filed before the Regional Administrative Court of Lombardy (TAR 
Lombardia) by Pessina Costruzioni S.p.A. against the exclusion, operated by 
CDP RA SGR, from participating in a tender procedure concerning works to be 
made on the estate of the so called “ex Ospedali Riuniti di Bergamo” (contract 
value of about 52 million euro), and also against any connected and 
consequential provisions decided by CDP RA SGR, Pessina Costruzioni S.p.A. 
also claimed compensation for the damage allegedly suffered due to CDP RA 
SGR decisions. More in detail, Pessina claimed that the exclusion had been 
unlawfully operated by CDP RA SGR by violating the administrative tender 
procedure set forth by Italian law ruling public administration contracts.

--- Page 190 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 190 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Tar Lombardia stated the jurisdiction of the Civil Court on the case pronouncing 
the administrative tender procedure as not applicable.  
So Pessina appealed this decision before the Consiglio di Stato Court, which 
pronounced the case to be decided by TAR Lombardia instead, meaning that 
CDP RA SGR as a public entity is due to apply administrative laws and 
consequently is submitted to the jurisdiction of Administrative Courts and not of 
the Civil ones.  
As a consequence, (i) Pessina filed the claim before the TAR Lombardia asking 
to re-consider the previous statement about jurisdiction and to decide about the 
case, but (ii) CDP RA SGR opposed the Consiglio di Stato Court decision 
before the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), which decided in the 
Civil jurisdiction and favour of CDP RA SGR on 18 January 2022. As a 
consequence, Pessina filed the claim before the Civil Court of Rome, the next 
hearing is set on the 9th of January 2025; 
(ii) 
the claim filed by Italia Nostra Onlus before the Regional Administrative Court 
of Veneto – Venice (TAR Veneto) opposing the Ministry for Cultural Heritage 
authorization to CDP RA SGR to demolish five buildings insisting on the estate 
“Ex Ospedale a mare” in Venice, by alleging a violation of the relevant 
instructions imposed by the Ministry. Moreover Italia Nostra Onlus requested 
the Court to pronounce the purchase of the estate by CDP RA SGR as null and 
void and to suspend the demolition authorization effects until the case will be 
decided. The TAR Veneto rejected the request of suspension and set the 
hearing to discuss the case on 19 October 2023. 
Fintecna 
As at 31 December 2022, Fintecna was monitoring and managing the legal strategies 
concerning disputes related to a number of corporate transactions. These monitoring 
activities included specific targeted assessments of the key threats posed by each 
dispute. 
In particular, Fintecna is party in civil litigations inherited from its legal predecessors in 
legal proceedings filed by former employees (or their heirs) who have in the past been 
exposed to asbestos and claim damages due to illnesses allegedly caused by unsafe 
conditions in the workplace. Currently, with reference to these disputes, the number 
of pending litigations has slightly decreased compared to that of last year. 
Nevertheless, the amount of compensation requested is increasing. The key aim of 
streamlining and settling the bulk of the claims has been achieved by settling cases 
that matched certain financial and legal conditions. The results achieved are cost-
effective, especially if compared with the potential losses for the company in the event 
of adverse judicial outcomes. The differences between reported illnesses and case 
law decided by different courts was taken into account. The cost of these settlements 
was fully covered by the risk provisions for litigation. 
With respect to the number of civil, administrative and tax disputes, the number of new 
lawsuits served in 2022 was limited and the number of pending cases was slightly 
reduced. In any case, proceedings are inevitably affected by the timing and complexity 
of the Italian proceedings system.

--- Page 191 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 191 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
In view of the uncertainty of the outcomes of pending litigations, and also due to the 
different orientations of the Italian courts, claims against the company are covered by 
the allocation of appropriate funding to the litigation risk provision.

--- Page 192 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 192 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
TAXATION 
Italian taxation 
The following is a general overview of current Italian law and practice relating to certain 
Italian tax considerations concerning the purchase, ownership and disposition of the 
Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations that may 
be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of prospective 
beneficial owners of Notes, some of which may be subject to special rules. The 
following overview does not discuss in details the treatment of Notes that are held in 
connection with a permanent establishment or fixed base through which a non-Italian 
resident beneficial owner carries on business or performs professional services in Italy. 
This overview is based upon tax laws in force in Italy in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, which may be subject to any changes in law occurring after such 
date potentially with retroactive effect. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult 
their tax advisers as to the consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of 
the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially 
relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in 
particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. This paragraph does not 
intend and cannot be construed as a tax advice to prospective purchaser of the Notes. 
Italian Tax treatment of the Notes 
Italian Legislative Decree no. 239 of 1 April, 1996 ("Decree No. 239") regulates the 
tax treatment of interest, premiums and other income (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred 
to as "Interest") deriving from notes falling within the category of bonds ("obbligazioni") 
and securities similar to bonds (pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 
of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented ("Decree No. 917")) issued, 
inter alia, by major bond issuers (so-called "grandi emittenti") as listed in art.1 of 
Decree No. 239. 
For these purposes, securities similar to bonds ("titoli similari alle obbligazioni") are 
defined as securities that: (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to 
pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the 
payment of periodic interest; and that (ii) do not give any right to directly or indirectly 
participate in the management of the issuer or of the business in connection to which 
the securities were issued, nor any type of control on the management. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest relating to Notes are subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or 
when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes) if the 
Noteholder is: 
(i) 
an individual resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, holding the Notes 
otherwise than in connection with entrepreneurial activities; or

--- Page 193 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 193 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(ii) 
an Italian resident partnership (other than società in nome collettivo, società in 
accomandita semplice or similar partnerships), or a de facto partnership not 
carrying out commercial activities and professional associations; or 
(iii) 
an Italian resident public and private entities other than companies, trusts not 
carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and 
public and territorial entities; or 
(iv) 
an Italian resident entities exempt from Italian corporate income tax. 
All the above categories are usually referred as "net recipients" unless the Noteholders 
referred to under (i), (ii) and (iii) above have entrusted the management of their 
financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for 
the so called "regime del risparmio gestito" (the Risparmio Gestito regime) according 
to Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 as amended 
("Decree No. 461"). 
In the event that the Italian resident Noteholders mentioned above hold the Notes in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity (attività d'impresa), the imposta sostitutiva 
applies as a provisional tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's 
Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the 
imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes must be included in the relevant Noteholder's annual 
corporate taxable income (and in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of 
the Noteholders, also in the net value of production for purposes of regional tax on 
productive activities ("IRAP")) if the Noteholder is an Italian resident corporation or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign corporation to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest if the Notes are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100-114 of Law No. 232 
of 11 December 2016 (as further amended and applicable from time to time, "Law No. 
232"), in Article 1, paragraphs 211-215 of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 as 
implemented by Ministerial Decree of 30 April 2019 (as further amended and 
applicable from time to time, "Law. No. 145") and, for the long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 
2020, in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 (as further amended 
and applicable from time to time, "Law Decree No. 124"). Pursuant to Article 1, 
paragraphs 219-225-bis of Law no. 178 of 30 December 2020 ("Law No. 178"), it is 
further provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual 
savings account established from 1 January 2021 and compliant with Article 13-bis, 
paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding 
to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain 
qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, 
provided that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of

--- Page 194 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 194 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative 
differences against future capital gains). 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the imposta sostitutiva is levied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare ("SIM"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del 
risparmio ("SGR") stockbrokers and other entities identified by the Ministry of Finance 
(each, an "Intermediary"). An Intermediary must (a) (i) be resident in Italy, (ii) be a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (iii) 
be an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the 
Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes 
of Decree No. 239, and (b) participate, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the 
transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a 
transfer of notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a 
change of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is 
applied and withheld by the relevant Italian financial intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary) paying the 
Interest to a Noteholder, or, in its absence, by the Issuer. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva 
if made to beneficial owners who are: 
(i) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of non-
resident corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; 
(ii) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities ("società in 
nome collettivo" or "società in accomandita semplice"); 
(iii) 
Italian resident investors holding Notes otherwise than in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial 
assets, including the Notes to an authorised financial intermediary and have 
opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime.The Italian resident investors who have 
opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime are subject to an annual substitutive 
tax of 26 per cent. (the "Asset Management Tax") on the increase in value of 
the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would 
include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset Management Tax is applied 
by authorised Intermediaries; 
(iv) 
Italian resident pension funds referred to in Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 
December 2005 ("Decree No. 252"). Italian resident pension funds subject to 
the regime provided by Article 17, of Decree No. 252 are subject to an annual 
substitutive tax of 20 per cent. (the "Pension Fund Tax") on the increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which would 
include Interest accrued on the Notes, if any). Subject to certain conditions, 
Interest in respect of the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 
Pension Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of 
Law No. 232, in Article 1, paragraphs 211 - 215 of Law No. 145 and, for the

--- Page 195 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 195 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 
124, as applicable from time to time; 
(v) 
Italian open ended or closed ended investment funds, investment companies 
with fixed capital ("SICAFs") or investment companies with variable capital 
("SICAVs") established in Italy (together, the "Funds") when either (i) the Fund 
or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the 
relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary. In such case, Interest 
accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The 
Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results, but a withholding tax of 26 
per cent. may apply on income of the Fund derived by unitholders or 
shareholders through distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units 
and shares; 
(vi) 
Italian resident real estate investment funds (complying with the definition as 
amended pursuant to Law Decree No. 78 of 31 may 2010, converted into Law 
No. 122 of 30 July 2010) established after 26 September 2001 pursuant to 
Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 
January 1994, or in any case subject to the tax treatment provided for by Law 
Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into law with amendments 
by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree No. 351") and Italian resident 
real estate SICAFs to which the provisions of Article 9 of Legislative Decree 
No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply (hereinafter the "Real Estate Investment 
Funds"). In such case, Interest accrued on the Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate 
Investment Funds. The income of the Real Estate Investment Funds may be 
subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and 
percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution 
and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". To ensure payment of Interest in 
respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, gross 
recipients indicated above must: (a) be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest 
on the Notes and (b) deposit the Notes in due time directly or indirectly with an Italian 
authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign 
Intermediary). Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an 
Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign 
Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian 
Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in 
Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled 
to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident (with no permanent establishment in 
the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected), an exemption from 
the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial owner 
is resident, for tax purposes, in a State or territory included in the list of States or

--- Page 196 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 196 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
territories allowing an adequate exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities 
and listed in the Decree of the Minister of Finance dated 4 September 1996, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the "White List"). According to Article 
11(4)(c) of Decree 239 the White List will be updated every six months period. In 
absence of the issuance of the new White List, reference has to be made to the above 
mentioned Decree dated 4 September 1996, as amended from time to time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva for 
payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to: 
(a) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or  
(b) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established 
in a country included in the White List; or  
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of 
a foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 
imposta sostitutiva, non-Italian resident beneficial owners must (a) deposit, directly or 
indirectly, the Notes with a bank or a SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator of a clearing system having 
appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 239 a resident bank or SIM 
or a permanent establishment in Italy or a non-resident bank or SIM which are in 
contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) timely file with 
the relevant depository (which may be a non-Italian resident entity participating in a 
centralised securities management system connected via telematic link with the Italian 
Ministry of Economy and Finance) a self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating their 
residence, for tax purposes, in a State listed in the White List. Such self-declaration – 
which must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 
December 2001 (as amended and supplemented) – is valid until withdrawn or revoked 
and may not be filed in the event that a certificate, declaration or other similar 
document with an equivalent purpose has previously been filed with the same 
depository. The self-declaration (autocertificazione) is not required for non-Italian 
resident investors that are international entities and organisations established in 
accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy and Central Banks or entities 
which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign state. 
Failure of a non-resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures 
set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the 
application of imposta sostitutiva on Interests payments to a non-resident holder of the 
Notes. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva might, 
nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty 
between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the relevant holder of 
the Notes. 
Atypical Securities

--- Page 197 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 197 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni), 
securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or securities similar 
to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917 may be subject to a withholding tax, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower than their 
nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any 
right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the 
business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on Interest relating to the Notes not falling within 
the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni), shares or securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Decree 
No. 917, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 
1, paragraphs 100 - 114 of Law No. 232, in Article 1, paragraphs 211 – 215 of Law 
No. 145 and, for the long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Law 
Decree No. 124, as applicable from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 
219-225-bis of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals 
investing in long-term individual savings account established from 1 January 2021 and 
compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from 
a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences 
realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-
term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are 
met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital 
losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian 
commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an 
Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases the withholding 
tax is a final withholding tax. For a non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding 
tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
Any capital gain realised upon the sale for consideration, transfer or redemption of the 
Notes would be treated as part of the taxable business income (and, in certain cases 
depending on the status of Noteholder, may also be included in the taxable net value 
of production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant tax 
provisions, if derived by Noteholders who are: 
(d) 
Italian resident corporations;

--- Page 198 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 198 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(e) 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the 
Notes are effectively connected; or 
(f) 
Italian resident individuals carrying out a commercial activity, as to any 
capital gains realised within the scope of the commercial activity. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) individual holding the Notes otherwise 
than in connection with entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) 
a non-commercial private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such 
Noteholder from the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes would be subject 
to an imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent.. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of 
the three regimes described below. 
Under the tax return regime (the "Regime della Dichiarazione"), which is the 
standard regime for taxation of capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) 
to (iii) above, substitute tax on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, 
on all capital gains, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, realised by Italian resident 
individual 
Noteholders 
holding 
Notes 
otherwise 
than 
in 
connection 
with 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all disposals of Notes carried out during any given 
tax year. Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity must report total capital gains realised in any tax year, net of 
any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return to be filed with the Italian 
tax authorities for such year and pay substitute tax on such gains together with any 
balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may 
be carried forward against capital gains of the same kind realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax return regime depicted above, Italian Noteholders under (i) 
to (iii) above, may elect to pay 26 per cent. substitute tax separately on capital gains 
realised on each sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes (the "Risparmio 
Amministrato" regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to 
(i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and (ii) an election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime being timely 
made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The financial intermediary is responsible 
for accounting for substitute tax in respect of capital gains realised on each sale, 
transfer or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised at 
revocation of its mandate), net of any relevant incurred capital loss, and is required to 
pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder. 
Under the Risparmio Amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare 
capital gains in its annual tax return and remains anonymous. Capital losses in excess 
of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same kind realised 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, who have 
elected for the Risparmio Gestito regime will be included in the computation of the 
annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year 
end, subject to the Asset Management Tax to be applied on behalf of the taxpayer by 
the managing authorised intermediary. Under the Risparmio Gestito regime, any

--- Page 199 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 199 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
depreciation of the managed assets, accrued at year end, may be carried forward 
against any increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four 
subsequent years. Under the Risparmio Gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required 
to report capital gains realised in its annual tax return and remains anonymous. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
capital gains in respect of Notes realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian 
resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, 
including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, in Article 
1, paragraphs 211 - 215 of Law No. 145 and, for the long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 
2020, in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124, as applicable from time to time. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225-bis of Law No. 178, it is further provided 
that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual savings account 
established from 1 January 2021 and compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of 
Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital 
losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying 
financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided 
that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the 
possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative 
differences against future capital gains). 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders who are Italian resident pension funds 
subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of Decree No. 252, will be included in the 
computation of the taxable basis of Pension Fund Tax. Subject to certain conditions, 
capital gains realised in respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base 
of the Pension Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, 
paragraphs 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 and in Article 1, paragraphs 211 - 215 of Law 
No. 145 and, for the long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) established from 1 January 2020, in Article 13-bis of Law 
Decree No. 124, as applicable from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. The Fund 
will not be subject to taxation on such result but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. may 
apply on income of the Fund derived by unitholders or shareholders through 
distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units and shares. 
Capital gains on Notes held by Italian Real Estate Investment Funds are not taxable 
at the level of same Real Estate Investment Funds. The income of the Real Estate 
Investment Funds may be subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on 
the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through 
distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units.

--- Page 200 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 200 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
The 26 per cent. substitute tax on capital gains may, in certain circumstances, be 
payable on capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the 
Notes by non-Italian resident persons or entities without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held in Italy. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or 
redemption of Notes are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are 
traded on a regulated market in Italy or abroad and in certain cases subject to prompt 
filing of required documentation (in particular, a self-declaration of non-residence in 
Italy for tax purposes) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with whom the Notes are deposited, 
even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any 
applicable double tax treaty. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption 
of Notes not transferred on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country included 
in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank 
or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is 
an institutional investor, not subject to tax, established in a country included in the 
White List. In order to benefit of the exemption from imposta sostitutiva as for the 
above, all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the 
relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended have to be met. In this case, 
if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected elect for the Risparmio Gestito regime or are subject to the 
Risparmio Amministrato regime, exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains will 
apply upon condition that they file in due time with the authorised financial intermediary 
an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the 
requirement reported above. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, that may benefit 
from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy providing that capital gains 
realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of 
Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. 
In this case, exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains will apply upon condition 
that they file in due time with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate 
documentation attesting that the requirements for the application of the relevant 
double taxation treaty are met. 
The Risparmio Amministrato regime is the ordinary regime automatically applicable to 
non-resident persons and entities in relation to Notes deposited for safekeeping or 
administration at Italian banks, SIMs and other eligible entities, but non-resident 
Noteholders retain the right to waive this regime. Such waiver may also be exercised 
by non-resident intermediaries in respect of safekeeping, administration and deposit 
accounts held in their names in which third parties' financial assets are held. 
Inheritance and gift tax

--- Page 201 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 201 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October, 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 
24 November, 2006 as amended by Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006, the transfers 
of any valuable asset (such as the Notes) by reason of gift, donation or succession 
proceedings is subject to Italian gift and inheritance tax as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. 
on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding Euro 1,000,000.00 
(per beneficiary); 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to 
the third degree are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 
per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
(c) 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding Euro 100,000.00 (per beneficiary); and 
(d) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a 
rate of 8 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is 
levied at the rate mentioned above in (a), (b), (c) and (d) on the value exceeding, 
for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided for by Law No. 383/2001 for any gift of 
assets (such as the Notes) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital 
gains to the "imposta sostitutiva" provided for by Decree No. 461. In particular, if the 
donee sells the Notes for consideration within 5 years from the receipt thereof as a 
gift, the donee is required to pay the relevant "imposta sostitutiva" on capital gains as 
if the gift was not made. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as 
follows: (i) public deeds and notarized deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private 
autenticate) are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds 
(scritture private non autenticate) are subject to registration tax at rate of €200 only in 
case of use or voluntary registration or occurrence of the so-called enunciazione. 
Stamp duty on financial instruments 
Pursuant to Article 13 paragraph 2-ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential 
Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual 
basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by a financial 
intermediary to their clients in respect of any Notes which may be deposited with such 
financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it 
cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is 
determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available 
– the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held.

--- Page 202 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 202 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for 
which is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. 
In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable pro-
rata. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian 
Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a 
client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an 
entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the 
Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19(18-23) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian 
resident individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) 
resident in Italy holding financial assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian 
territory are required to pay in its own annual tax declaration a wealth tax at the rate 
of 0.2 per cent. For taxpayers other than individuals, this wealth tax cannot exceed 
Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value at the end of the relevant year (or at the end 
of the holding period) or – if no market value figure is available – on the nominal value 
or redemption value, or in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including the Notes) held 
outside of the Italian territory. A tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied 
abroad on such financial assets. The Italian tax authority clarified (Circular No. 28/E 
of 2 July 2012) that financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the 
wealth tax if they are administered by Italian financial intermediaries and the items of 
income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, Italian resident individuals, non-
commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships 
in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy who hold investments 
abroad or have financial activities abroad or are the beneficial owners, under the Italian 
money-laundering law, provided by Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 21 November 
2007, of investments abroad or foreign financial assets must, in certain circumstances, 
disclose the aforesaid to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case 
the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same 
time as prescribed for the income tax return). 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect 
to: (i) Notes deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; 
(ii) contracts entered into through Italian financial intermediaries intervention, upon 
condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by 
the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by 
deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 
threshold throughout the year.

--- Page 203 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 203 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Other Taxation issues 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the 
"Commission's proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
"participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to 
persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would 
apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, 
and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State 
in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which 
is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating 
Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of 
which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT. 
United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly 
known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet 
certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer does not expect to 
be treated as a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that 
is two years after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt 
(or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the

--- Page 204 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 204 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as 
described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above 
description is based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of 
which are subject to change or may be implemented in a materially different form. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply 
to payments they may receive in connection with the Notes.

--- Page 205 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 205 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealer Agreement 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banca Akros 
S.p.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Banco Santander, S.A., BNP Paribas, BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs 
International, HSBC Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc, MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A., Nomura Financial Products 
Europe GmbH, Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the 
Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer 
agreement dated 17 May 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer, the Representative of the 
Noteholders and the Dealers, as amended and supplemented from time to time. If in 
the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between 
the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant 
Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest 
of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of 
any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer 
and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed 
by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant 
Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and 
any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that 
Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any 
of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to 
that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by 
the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or 
allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Subscription Agreements 
Any agreement between CDP, the Representative of the Noteholders and any one or 
more of the Dealers and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time for the 
sale and purchase of Notes (a "Subscription Agreement" and each Dealer party 
thereto, a "Relevant Dealer") will inter alia make provision for the price at which the 
relevant Notes will be purchased by the Relevant Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by CDP in respect of such 
purchase.

--- Page 206 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 206 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the appointment of the 
Representative of the Noteholders by the Relevant Dealer(s) as initial holder(s) of the 
Notes then being issued. 
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from 
their obligations under the Subscription Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of 
the Notes. 
Selling restrictions 
General selling restrictions 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree that it will comply to the best of its knowledge and belief with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) and neither CDP nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility 
therefore. Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) comes are required by CDP and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, 
distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) or any related offering material, in all cases at their 
own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the 
restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such 
restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after 
the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without 
prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of CDP. Any 
such supplement or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or in the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) (in case of a supplement or modification only to a particular Tranche of Notes). 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may 
copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(ii) 
in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time 
(Regulation No. 11971).

--- Page 207 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 207 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) 
above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to 
conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial 
Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed 
by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where 
applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, and/or any other 
Italian authority). 
United States of America 
The applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) will 
confirm whether the Issuer is Category 1, Category 2 or Category 3 for the purposes 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or if Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms 
(or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes do not require compliance with U.S. Treasury regulations under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"). If Category 2 is 
specified in the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be), each 
Dealer has severally agreed and each additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to severally agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer 
Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the date of commencement of the 
offering of the Notes and the issue date hereof, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will be required to agree that 
it will send to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance 
period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. 
Accordingly, if Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be), the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United 
States in offshore transactions in reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising 
any Series, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether 
or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 208 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 208 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used 
in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 209 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 209 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Other United Kingdom regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business 
and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Singapore 
(a) 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not 
been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
(b) 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA 
by a relevant person which is:

--- Page 210 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 210 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(i) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share 
capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an 
accredited investor; or 
(ii) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is 
to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an 
accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person 
arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) 
of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) 
Regulations 2018.

--- Page 211 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 211 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank as a base prospectus. 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Euronext Dublin. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as the Issuer(s) and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree or which are 
not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
The Euronext Dublin's Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer passed on 15 April 2015 which is valid and effective at the date 
hereof. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the 
Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes will be in bearer form and held in dematerialised form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with 
registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, 
Italy), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg). The relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted 
the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. The 
Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number 
in relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) relating thereto. 
Use of proceeds  
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will 
be used by the Issuer for its general funding purposes, or as otherwise indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus relating to the issuance, to finance or 
refinance Eligible Loans/Projects. 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles 
and the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Notes financing or refinancing

--- Page 212 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 212 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Eligible Loans/Projects and complying with the relevant eligibility criteria and any other 
criteria set out in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined 
below) which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuers’ website 
at https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/green_social_sust_bonds.page (the “Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework”) (including as amended, restated or 
otherwise updated on such website from time to time) will be classified as Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds.  
For the purposes of this section:  
“Eligible Loans/Projects” means loans, bonds, projects, equity investments or other 
instruments identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Representative of the Noteholders 
A Representative of the Noteholders for each Series of Notes shall be appointed by 
the Dealers in the Subscription Agreement entered into in connection with such Series 
and in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, at the time of issue of such Series of 
Notes and set out in the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be). 
Legal Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the section “Description of Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. – Legal 
Proceedings” at pages 188 to 191 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened, to which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had during the 12 
months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
No material adverse and no significant change 
Save as disclosed in the section “Risk factors – Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial 
position – Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment”, there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022, 
nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer, since 31 December 2022. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, 
copies and (where applicable) English translations of the following documents may be 
inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent for the time being in Milan, and copies of the documents referred below can be 
obtained free of charge from the Principal Paying Agent during normal business hours 
on request of the Noteholders, and online on the Issuer’s website links specified below 
in the section “General Information – Publication on the Internet”, namely:

--- Page 213 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 213 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
(a) 
the Article 5 and by-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Rules of Organisation of Noteholders;  
(c) 
the non-consolidated audited annual financial statements (including the 
auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the years 
as at and ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021; 
(d) 
the consolidated audited financial statements (including the auditors' report 
thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the years as at and ended 
on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021; 
(e) 
the 2022 Base Prospectus; 
(f) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(g) 
any Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) relating to 
Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Notes 
which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) will only be available for inspection 
by the relevant Noteholders; 
(h) 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework together with any opinion 
on each such framework issued by a second party consultant as well as any 
public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the 
proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, 
from time to time published by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, neither 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework nor any second party 
opinion or public reporting are incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, 
copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent publicly 
available audited annual financial statements and unaudited interim financial 
information of the Issuer may be obtained during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
Certificate 
No request has been made for a certificate permitting offers to the public of the Notes 
in other member states of the European Union. 
Publication on the Internet 
The by-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer are available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Statuto_CDP_15-02-2023_EN.pdf  
Article 5 is available on the Issuer’s website at:

--- Page 214 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 214 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Law-Decree-no.269-2003-Art.5.PDF 
The Rules of Organisation of Noteholders will be available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/homepage.page 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022 and the 
audited non-consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022, all as 
included in the 2022 Annual Report are available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/RFA_2022_Gruppo_CDP_ENG.pdf   
The audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2021 and the 
audited non-consolidated annual financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2021, all as 
included in the 2021 Annual Report are available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/RFA_2021_Gruppo_CDP_ENG.pdf 
The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework together with any opinion on 
each such framework issued by a second party consultant as well as any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of 
any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, from time to time 
published by the Issuer, will be available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/green_social_sust_bonds.page  
The documents listed above in paragraphs (e) to (g) above are available at the Issuer’s 
website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/debt_issuance_programme.page 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on the 
Euronext Dublin's website www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin. 
Auditors 
Each of the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have 
been audited without qualification for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022 by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., who have given, and have not withdrawn, 
their consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and 
context in which it is included. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered under No. 132587 in the Register of 
Accountancy Auditors (Registro Revisori Legali) by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
and Finance, in compliance with the provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January

--- Page 215 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 215 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
2010, No. 39. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., which is located at Via Tortona 25, 20144 
Milan, Italy, is also a member of ASSIREVI (the Italian association of audit firms). 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be). The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in financing, investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and/or its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade bank loans, 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the 
purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" also includes parent companies.

--- Page 216 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 216 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Foreign languages used in the Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and 
technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 81560029E2CE4D14F425. 
Validity of the Base Prospectus and supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base 
prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Website 
CDP’s website is https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/homepage.page. The information 
on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information 
contained therein is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 217 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 217 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
CASSA DEPOSITI E PRESTITI S.P.A. 
Via Goito, 4 
00185 Rome 
Italy 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
Via Goito, 4 
00185 Rome 
Italy 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
DEALERS 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Viale Eginardo 29 
20149 Milan 
Italy 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar, 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052, 92547 MONTROUGE 
CEDEX 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
 Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE

--- Page 218 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 218 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
Divisione IMI Corporate & investment 
Banking  
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
MPS Capital Services Banca per le 
Imprese S.p.A. 
Via Leone Pancaldo, 4 
50127 Firenze 
Italy 
Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George’s Dock, IFSC, 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer: 
To the Joint Arrangers and the Dealers: 
Chiomenti  
Via Giuseppe Verdi 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale 
Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milano 
Italy

--- Page 219 ---
10254872510-v19 
 
- 219 - 
 
47-41052354 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy