--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 
 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
Euro 15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the Euro 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), which constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
(the "Issuer" or "CDP"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes issued under this Programme may be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined under 
"Description of the Programme") save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified hereunder and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one 
Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), which is the Irish competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, as 
a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued under the Programme 
described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. The Central Bank has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the 
public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. In addition, such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement 
of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any Notes. This 
Base Prospectus is valid until 10 May 2025, which is a period of twelve months from the date of approval. Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted 
during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading 
as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"). The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus 
to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes are intended to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and have been 
admitted to the Official List of the Euronext Dublin. The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, or to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such 
other or further stock exchanges, markets and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (including the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notes will be issued by the Issuer to raise funds for its general funding purposes or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, for financing or refinancing green, social 
or sustainable projects, as the case may be, in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green 
Bond Principles ("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles ("SBP") or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")). The Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each 
Series may be issued in one or more tranches (each, a "Tranche"). The terms of each Series will be set forth in the relevant Final Terms prepared in relation thereto in 
accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus. 
An investment in Notes issued under this Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to 
such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”). 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (commercially named 
Euronext Securities Milan) with registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy ("Monte Titoli"), for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of 
their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). The Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes will at all times be held 
in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented ("Legislative Decree No. 58") and in accordance with Commissione Nazionale per le società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and 
Bank of Italy Joined Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented ("CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation"). The Noteholders may 
not require physical delivery of the Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of 
Legislative Decree No. 58. 
The Programme is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited Sede Secondaria 
Italiana ("Fitch Ratings"), and BBB+ by Scope Ratings GmbH ("Scope"). Each of S&P, Fitch Ratings, and Scope is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities 
and Markets Authority at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation. The rating S&P has given the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating assigned by Fitch Ratings is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
established in the United Kingdom and registered by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) in accordance with the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019. Scope Ratings UK Limited, established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, is an “endorsing CRA” of credit ratings issued by Scope. 
As such, the rating Scope has attributed the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by Scope Ratings UK Ltd. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Joint Arrangers 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
Barclays 
Dealers 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena  
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS  
BofA Securities  
Citigroup  
 
Crédit Agricole CIB  
Deutsche Bank  
Goldman Sachs International  
HSBC  
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo  
J.P. Morgan  
Mediobanca  
Morgan Stanley 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme and 
declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is, in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Third Party Information 
The Issuer confirms that where information in the Base Prospectus has been sourced 
from a third party, this information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party, 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. The sources of such information are included throughout the Base 
Prospectus. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein 
under the Conditions as completed by the Final Terms or in a separate prospectus 
specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final 
Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. Copies of Final Terms and any 
Drawdown Prospectus in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin). 
Each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the "Final Terms" shall, unless the context requires otherwise, be deemed to be 
references to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus (as applicable).  
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements 
hereto and with any documents incorporated by reference herein (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below) and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be 
read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of 
the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each Investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below 
that this Base Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms)

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all 
material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, 
predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state 
any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or 
intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made 
to verify the foregoing. 
Legality of purchase 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies) has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the 
Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance 
by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to 
it. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document 
entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or 
such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them 
makes any representation or warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility or liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Neither the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) accept any 
responsibility or liability for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in 
connection with the Programme and the issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there 
has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. The Issuer and the Dealers and their respective affiliates 
(including the parent companies) do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the 
Dealers and their respective affiliates (including parent companies) which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto nor any Final Terms (or any 
part thereof) constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes 
and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) them that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to 
have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Issuer. 
Product Governance/Target Market under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended)  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the 
"MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance/Target Market under UK MiFIR  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309(B)(1) of the SFA. The Issuer will 
make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant 
persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered 
for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Benchmarks Regulation  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by 
reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a 
benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does 
not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of 
the administrator. Interest payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by 
reference to one of EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
(as administrator of EURIBOR) (the "EMMI") is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, but the Bank of 
England (as administrator of SONIA) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as 
administrator of SOFR) are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that none of the 
Bank of England or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York are currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme will not exceed Euro 15,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes 
denominated in another currency shall be converted into Euro at the date of the 
agreement to issue such Notes in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement, as defined 
under "Subscription and Sale". In the event of increase of the original maximum

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
amount of the Programme as set out herein, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) 
described on the cover page of this Base Prospectus or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation.  
Presentation of information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating 
to the Issuer has been derived from (i) the audited separate financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and 
(ii) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 (together, the "Financial 
Statements"). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base 
Prospectus to any specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of 
such year. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the 
instructions of the Bank of Italy set forth in Circular No. 262 of December 22, 2005, as 
amended ("Circular No. 262"), and in accordance with the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
(IASB), including the SIC and IFRIC interpretations, endorsed by the European Union, 
as provided by Regulation (EC) No. 1606 of 19 July 2002, published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union L. 243 on 11 September 2002.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
Certain definitions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base 
Prospectus will have the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" or any other section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms 
as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" 
are to a Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "Euro" "EUR" 
or "€" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended, and references to "£" or "Sterling" are to the 
currency of the United Kingdom. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different 
tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus does not contain any financial measure that is not recognised 
as a measure of performance under IFRS or Italian GAAP, otherwise known as 
"Alternative Performance Measures". 
Stabilisation  
The Issuer confirms that where information in the Base Prospectus has been sourced 
from a third party, this information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain connection with the issue of any Tranche of 
Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over 
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action 
or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words 
"anticipate", "believe", "expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", 
"will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and similar expressions are intended to 
identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical 
fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future 
operations of the Issuer are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking 
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which 
may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be 
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding our present and future business strategies and the environment in which we 
expect to operate in the future. Factors that could cause actual results, performance 
or achievements to differ materially include, but are not limited to, those discussed 
under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the 
Issuer speak only as at the date they are made. The Issuer does not undertake to 
update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations with 
regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
such statement is based. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds and Social Bonds 
None of the Dealers and the Issuer accept any responsibility for any social, 
environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or 
assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation to 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening 
criteria, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds (the "EU Green Bond 
Regulation") and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally 
sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on 
sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector ("Sustainable 
Finance Disclosure Regulation" or "SFDR") and any implementing legislation and 
guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom)  or any requirements of 
such labels as they may evolve from time to time. No representation or assurance is 
given by the Issuer and the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion, 
report or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds, nor is any such 
opinion, report or certification a recommendation by the Issuer, any Dealer, or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are, or 
are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of 
the Notes. None of the Dealers are responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds 
for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds, nor the 
impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds nor do any of the Dealers undertake to 
ensure that there are at any time sufficient green, social or sustainable projects, as the 
case may be, to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of 
such Green Bonds, Sustainability Bonds or Social Bonds in full. The Issuer's Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) may benefit from a 
Second Party Opinion (as defined below). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer's 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) does not form 
part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. The Second Party 
Opinion (as defined below) provides an opinion on certain environmental and related

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of 
an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, 
investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion (as defined 
below) is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. The Second Party Opinion 
(as defined below) is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. No representation or 
assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party 
Opinion (as defined below) or any opinion or certification of any third party made 
available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by 
any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was 
issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
The Second Party Opinion (as defined below) and any other such opinion or 
certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base 
Prospectus. 
Suitability of the Notes as an investment 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all Investors. Each potential investor 
in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on 
its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of 
the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the 
impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or 
interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour 
of financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other 
factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ......................................................................................... - 2 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................. - 12 - 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................. - 20 - 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ....................................... - 20 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................... - 54 - 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................ - 59 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................... - 60 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................. - 102 - 
DESCRIPTION OF CASSA DEPOSITI E PRESTITI S.P.A. .............................. - 122 - 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................... - 193 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................. - 206 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................... - 211 -

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is 
taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus, 
including the documents incorporated by reference, and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation. Words and expressions defined in the "Conditions of 
the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in 
this section. 
The Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for listing Notes on the 
Euronext Dublin during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount 
then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the 
Programme, does not exceed EUR 15,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other 
currencies. For the purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another currency of denomination 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Notes) 
shall be determined either as of the date on which agreement is reached for the 
issue of Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in Milan, in each case on the basis of 
the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the purchase of such currency of 
denomination in the Milan foreign exchange market quoted by any leading 
international bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant day of calculation; and 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to the relevant Notes) and other Notes issued at a discount or 
a premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to 
the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue. 
Issuer: 
Cassa depositi e prestiti società per azioni (the 
"Issuer" or "CDP"), a joint stock company 
incorporated on 12 December 2003 with limited 
liability in Italy under Article 5 of Italian Law Decree 
No. 269 of 30 September 2003, as converted with 
amendments into Law No. 326 of 24 November 
2003 ("Article 5" or "Law Decree 269"), having its 
registered office at Via Goito No. 4, 00185 Rome, 
Italy, registered with No. 80199230584 in the 
register of companies of Rome. 
Joint Arrangers: 
CDP and Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. 
Dealers: 
Banca Akros S.p.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, 
Banco 
Santander S.A., 
BNP Paribas, 
BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe 
AG, 
Crédit 
Agricole 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Bank, 
Deutsche 
Bank

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International, 
HSBC Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., 
J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario 
S.p.A., 
Morgan 
Stanley 
& 
Co. 
International plc, Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
S.p.A., Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH, 
Société Générale and UniCredit Bank GmbH, and 
any other dealer appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes (each 
a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). 
Principal Paying 
Agent: 
BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the 
laws of France, having its registered office at 
Boulevard des Italiens n. 16, 75002 Paris, France 
and offices at Piazza Lina Bo Bardi No. 3, 20124 
Milan, Italy, or any other person for the time being 
acting as Principal Paying Agent of the Issuer 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Walkers Listing Services Limited, (in such capacity, 
the "Irish Listing Agent"). 
Calculation Agent: 
The Calculation Agent in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes will be appointed by the Issuer on or prior to 
the relevant issue date of the Notes. 
Representative of 
the Noteholders: 
BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the 
laws of France, having its registered office at 
Boulevard des Italiens n. 16, 75002 Paris, France 
and offices at Piazza Lina Bo Bardi No. 3, 20124 
Milan, Italy or any other person for the time being 
acting as Representative of the Noteholders. The 
Representative of the Noteholders, as appointed for 
each Series of Notes, shall act as such pursuant to 
the Dealer Agreement, the subscription agreements 
in respect of the relevant Series of Notes and the 
Conditions. 
Listing, Approval 
and Admission to 
Trading: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the 
Central Bank, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Series may be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Euronext Dublin and 
admitted to the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, 
and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (including the professional

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
segment (ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading facility (ExtraMOT Market) organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) or may be issued 
on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Programme 
Amount: 
Up to Euro 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of Dealer Agreement (as 
defined below). In connection with such increase, 
the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different 
issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may 
be different in respect of different Tranches. The 
Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical 
terms in all respects. 
Final Terms / 
Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of the Final Terms 
prepared in relation thereto which, for the purposes 
of that Tranche only, complete the Conditions of the 
Notes and this Base Prospectus and must be read 
in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche 
of Notes are the Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read 
and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
Forms of Notes: 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in 
dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by 
Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte 
Titoli account holders. The Notes have been 
accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes 
will at all times be held in book entry form and title to 
the Notes and will be evidenced by book entries 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58 
as subsequently amended and supplemented 
("Legislative Decree No. 58") and in accordance 
with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation 
dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented ("CONSOB and Bank of Italy 
Regulation"). No physical document of title will be 
issued in respect of the Notes. However, the 
Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for 
certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies of 
Legislative Decree No. 58. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest by reference to 
the benchmark as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as adjusted for any applicable 
margin/multiplier. Floating Rate Notes may also 
have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. Interest on Floating Rate Notes in 
respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to 
issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
Condition 
6.13 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation) 
provides for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a Benchmark Event (as described in 
Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation)) occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when the Conditions provide for any remaining Rate 
of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate. In such an event, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (iii)), as well as any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6.13

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
(iv)). 
See 
Condition 
6.13 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation) for further information. 
Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be issued in the amount, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and further 
instalments will be payable in the amounts and on 
the dates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or 
currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal 
and/or 
regulatory 
and/or 
central 
bank 
requirements. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price and either on a 
fully or partly paid basis as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity subject, in relation to specific 
currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption or repayment, Notes will be redeemable 
at par as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
Optional 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Early redemption will be permitted for tax reasons as 
described in Condition 9.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest 
bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate 
or a floating rate or other variable rate and the 
method of calculating interest may vary between the

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant 
Series. 
Denominations: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). Unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum 
denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as 
described in Condition 12 (Events of Default). 
Redenomination: 
In respect of any Tranche of Notes, if the country of 
the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its 
intention to become, a Participating Member State 
(as defined in the Conditions), the Notes may be 
redenominated in Euro in accordance with Condition 
21 
(Redenomination, 
Renominalisation 
and 
Reconventioning) if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Ratings: 
The Programme is, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P"), BBB by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited Sede Secondaria Italiana ("Fitch 
Ratings") and BBB+ by Scope Ratings GmbH 
("Scope"). Each of S&P, Fitch Ratings and Scope is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"), and is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation. The rating S&P 
has given the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). The rating assigned by

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
Fitch Ratings is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
established in the United Kingdom and registered by 
the 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
(“FCA”) 
in 
accordance with the Credit Rating Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. 
Scope Ratings UK Limited, established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation, is an “endorsing CRA” of Credit Ratings 
issued by Scope Ratings GmbH. As such, the rating 
Scope has attributed the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme is endorsed by Scope Ratings UK 
Ltd. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Programme or the rating(s) 
assigned to Notes previously issued. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold 
securities 
and 
may 
be 
subject 
to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to the relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
For a description of restrictions on offers, sales and 
delivery of the Notes, and on the distribution of 
offering materials, including in the United States of 
America, Italy, the European Economic Area, Japan 
and Singapore see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
RISK FACTORS 
The following are the risk factors relating to the Issuer and Notes to be issued under 
the Programme which prospective purchasers of Notes should consider prior to 
making an investment decision. Prospective purchasers of Notes should also read the 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined 
in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") below or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may be unable to make 
all payments due in respect of the Notes. There are a wide range of factors which, 
individually or together, could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all 
payments due. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors 
that could materially adversely affect its businesses and ability to make payments due. 
However, the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it 
may not currently be able to anticipate. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; 
2. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; and 
3. 
Risk relating to the Notes. 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
 
Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment 
CDP may experience, directly or indirectly, negative impacts on its businesses, results 
of operations and financial condition because of macroeconomic and geopolitical 
challenges, including outbreaks or escalations of armed conflicts, uncertainties and 
volatility occurring in Italy, Europe and across the globe. 
Potential impacts of the current macroeconomic scenario are connected to a decrease 
in consumer, business and investor confidence, increased funding costs and a 
potential surge of nonperforming exposures in CDP's credit portfolio. In particular, 
several of the industrial sectors in which some of CDP’s portfolio companies and/or 
borrowers operate, namely the oil and gas, cruise line, hospitality, construction, 
metallurgy and agri-food industries, have been and could continue to be particularly 
affected by the macroeconomic environment.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
Health risks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and its aftermath, the fear or recurrence 
of new epidemics or pandemics, government-imposed lockdowns or threats thereof 
may, temporarily or over an extended period, severely restrict global economic 
activities, profoundly impact supply chains across various industries, lower asset 
valuations, significantly increase unemployment and underemployment levels, 
decrease liquidity in markets for certain securities and cause significant volatility and 
disruption in financial markets. All of these factors may, directly or indirectly, adversely 
affect some or all of CDP’s borrowers and portfolio companies. 
Further, macroeconomic conditions may cause a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
of certain local or regional public administrations and delays in the collection of trade 
receivables. The macroeconomic environment is currently characterised by, among 
others, the factors below, which may affect, directly and indirectly, CDP’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
(i) 
Inflation, increase in interest rates and potential recession 
Mismatches between the supply and demand of goods and services and the sharp 
increase in energy prices, as a result of the macroeconomic and geopolitical scenario 
in the post-pandemic era, have contributed to a rise in global inflation. In Italy, the 
annual Harmonized Indices of Consumer Prices, which is used to measure consumer 
price inflation in the euro area ("HICP"), as recorded in 2021, 2022 and 2023, was 
1.9%, 8.7% and 5.7%, respectively (source: Istat). With respect to the European 
Union, the HICP, as recorded in  2021, 2022 and 2023, was 2.6%, 9.2% and 6.4%, 
respectively (source: Eurostat). As for the United States, the Consumer Price Index, 
which is the most widely used measure of inflation in the US, as recorded in 2021, 
2022 and 2023, was 4.7%, 8.0% and 4.1%, respectively (source: U.S. Bureau of Labor 
Statistics).  
To counter inflation, central banks started raising interest rates in 2022 and kept doing 
so for most of 2023. The European Central Bank and the Federal Reserve System 
have taken similar approaches to tightening monetary policy to counter high inflation. 
In the U.S., the Federal Reserve System terminated its large-scale asset purchases, 
popularly known as "quantitative easing", and has reduced its bond holdings since 
mid-2022. In addition, it has implemented benchmark interest rate increases. Likewise, 
the European Central Bank has implemented interest rate increases, completely 
discontinued its asset purchases and stopped the rollover of maturing securities linked 
to the asset purchase program. While both the European Central Bank and the Federal 
Reserve System will base future decisions on incoming economic data and appear to 
be at the peak of their tightening, higher rates for longer of even further increases may 
occur should core inflation show persistence. Tighter monetary policy conditions may 
further exacerbate the ongoing downturn in the Eurozone economy as well as lead to 
a steeper than expected deceleration in the US. In addition, restrictive monetary 
policies and high inflation driven, in large part, by supply chain disruptions and higher 
energy costs from ongoing conflicts, may still lead to a market or general economic 
downturn or recession. All of these factors may adversely affect some or all of CDP’s 
portfolio companies and CDP’s ability to raise funding. Uncertainty surrounding timing 
of the first interest rate cuts by central banks and the pace at which they will continue 
have already resulted in significant volatility in financial markets around the world and 
such volatility may continue for a prolonged period of time. Any increase of inflation 
and/or a potential recession or other periods of declining economic conditions, could

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
adversely affect CDP’s business, results of operations and financial condition and 
have a negative effect on the securities markets generally.  
(ii) 
The conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East 
In recent years, the world has witnessed an escalation of geopolitical tensions, the 
outbreak of new conflicts and the resurgence of old conflicts. In February 2022, a 
military conflict erupted between Russia and Ukraine. The United States, Canada, the 
European Union and other countries and multinational organisations have announced 
and implemented sanctions of various types against Russia, which replied with 
countersanctions on so-called "unfriendly" states (which specifically include countries 
of the European Union). In October 2023, the Hamas attack and Israel's response 
have revived a violent conflict in the Middle East. As a result, geopolitical tensions 
have increased in the region.  
Both conflicts pose the risk of a severe disruption of the global supply chain, especially 
for commodities. Countersanctions imposed by Russia have already led to a reduction 
in supply volumes or even a suspension of gas and oil deliveries; supply volumes may 
be further impacted since the wide area of the Middle East produces about 35% of 
global oil exports and 14% of gas exports. Furthermore, the conflict in the Middle East 
is adversely affecting the proper functioning of trade routes because of the Houthi's 
attacks in the Red Sea. 
The continuation of these conflicts could negatively affect Italian, European and global 
macroeconomic conditions. In particular, the conflict may continue to: (i) negatively 
impact trade relations; (ii) affect oil and gas supplies, therefore placing additional 
upward pressure on fuel and energy prices. In this respect, Italy is one of the most 
vulnerable European countries, due to the heavy reliance on oil and gas imports. 
However, Italy has greatly reduced its energy dependence on Russia. In 2023, the 
share of gas imported from Russia on total imports was equal to 4.6% (from 
approximately 40% in 2021), while no oil imports have been recorded (source: Istat); 
(iii) lead to higher and more volatile prices for food and transportation; (iv) create 
uncertainty in the financial markets; and (v) determine geopolitical instability. These 
developments have led to a high degree of uncertainty in the global financial markets 
and may amplify existing economic uncertainty and cause adjustments to longer-term 
inflation expectations which, in turn, may cause upward pressure on interest rates and 
adversely affect economic conditions. 
The economic consequences of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and of the 
conflict in the Middle East have caused and may continue to cause a rise in commodity 
prices, which will fuel already existing inflationary pressures and may cause supply 
shortages. The portfolio companies of CDP may be affected as a result of the volatility 
in the prices of commodities originating from the countries affected by the conflict, with 
a possible generalised increase in inflation and specifically of energy commodities 
(e.g., oil, gas and coal). In addition, due to the sanctions currently in place, some of 
the portfolio companies of CDP may not be able to carry out business activities in the 
territories affected by such sanctions. With reference to CDP’s direct exposures, no 
significant activities are carried out in such countries and its very limited exposures 
relating mainly to its export credit financing activities, activities which were undertaken 
before the beginning of the conflict, are being monitored on a constant basis and CDP 
does so by applying the relevant sanction and legal frameworks.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
All of these factors may, directly or indirectly, adversely affect some or all of CDP’s 
borrowers and portfolio companies. In particular, certain of CDP’s portfolio companies 
have experienced, due to the above-mentioned factors, increased counterparty risk 
due to the higher nominal commercial exposure to customers and the industrial 
sector's difficulty in managing the significant crisis-induced increase in energy and 
commodity costs. 
The sovereign debt crisis 
The sovereign debt crisis has raised concerns about the long-term sustainability of the 
European Monetary Union and the ordinary activity of many commercial and 
investment banks as well as insurance companies. 
Recurrent market tensions could negatively affect the funding costs and economic 
outlook of some European countries, including Italy. Moreover, the risk that some 
countries (even if not very significant in terms of gross domestic product) may leave 
the Euro area, could have a material and negative impact on Italy's sovereign debt 
and economic conditions and, therefore, on CDP’s operations. 
The Italian financial system has been negatively affected by concerns regarding Italy's 
sovereign debt position since 2011. The sovereign debt to GDP ratio has increased 
significantly, reaching 154.9% in 2020 from 126.5% in 2012, while in 2023 the value 
recorded in Italy was 137.3% (source: Istat). In 2023 Italy's GDP grew by 0.9% 
compared to 2022 (source: Istat). Since the beginning of the sovereign debt crisis in 
May 2010, credit quality has generally declined, as reflected by downgrades suffered 
by several countries in the Eurozone, including Italy. The outbreak of the COVID-19 
pandemic and the fiscal response aimed to shore up household and corporate budgets 
have put an extra burden on public finances.  
Any deterioration of the Italian economy would have a material adverse effect on CDP, 
in light of its significant exposure to the Italian economy, given that CDP holds major 
investments in companies operating in critical and strategic Italian industries (see also 
"Description of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A.—Lending and Investments"). The 
heightened sovereign debt crisis in the Euro Area and the high volatility of global 
markets may adversely affect CDP’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. See also "Risks relating to CDP's relationship with the Italian Ministry of 
Economy and Finance, the Italian State and certain Italian Public Entities" below. 
Furthermore, any additional event affecting Italy through the channel of public finance 
could materially and adversely affect, among other things, the recoverability and 
quality of the sovereign debt securities held by CDP. 
Risks relating to CDP's relationship with the Italian Ministry of Economy and 
Finance, the Italian State and certain Italian Public Entities 
CDP bears certain risks associated with its close relationship with the Italian State, 
firstly because the Italian State, through the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance 
(the "MEF"), is CDP’s main shareholder, with an equity interest that as of December 
31, 2023, amounted to 82.775%. Therefore, the MEF has the ability to exercise a 
significant influence on CDP’s operations, which could be substantial in the case of 
protracted political uncertainty. In fact, such political uncertainty may cause delays in 
carrying out certain activities, such as the approval of CDP’s business plan. In addition, 
the MEF has the power to determine the general policies of the Separate Account

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
System and to issue decrees on, among other things, the determination of the criteria 
for the definition of the general economic terms of the demand of passbook savings 
accounts, postal savings bonds, other securities and other financial transactions 
guaranteed by the Republic of Italy. See also “Description of Cassa depositi e prestiti 
S.p.A. – CDP Activities – A. The Account Systems”.  
Secondly, by carrying out CDP’s Lending Activities in favor of Public Entities, CDP 
provides a service of general economic interest and, as such, in the course of its 
business activity as a lender and/or an investor, CDP is exposed to counterparties 
which, in many cases, require certain Public Entities, such as the Italian State and its 
Ministries, to carry out certain activities such as approving the renewal of certain 
agreements and concessions (e.g., motorway concessions). Delays in the renewal of 
such agreements or granting of concessions, as well as their revocation or failure to 
renew them (or the renewal on economic terms that are less advantageous or more 
burdensome compared to the past) upon their expiry, may adversely affect CDP’s 
business.  
Thirdly, CDP has significantly invested in Italian government securities. As of 
December 31, 2023, the book value of CDP’s exposure with respect to sovereign 
Italian risk amounted to €71.1 billion, representing 85.0% of CDP’s total exposure on 
debt securities (of which only a share of 11.5% of the Italian government securities is 
accounted for at fair value through other comprehensive income). With respect to such 
securities, any significant deterioration in the spread of Italian government bonds 
compared to other European government bonds could have a corresponding impact 
on the value of such assets. In addition, CDP’s credit ratings closely reflect the rating 
of Italy and CDP is therefore exposed to the risk of decline in the sovereign credit 
rating of Italy. Accordingly, on the basis of the methodologies used by rating agencies, 
downgrades of Italy's credit rating may have a consequential effect on the credit rating 
of Italian issuers. Therefore, any future downgrade in public ratings assigned to Italy 
would determine corresponding changes in CDP’s public ratings which could 
adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Finally, as CDP’s main source of funding consists of postal savings, which CDP raises 
by issuing interest-bearing postal savings bonds and passbook savings accounts, that 
are currently distributed by Poste Italiane S.p.A. (“Poste Italiane”), any decision by 
the MEF to amend the provisions which govern the issue and distribution of such 
postal savings may affect CDP’s liquidity resources. See also “Risk factors relating to 
funding”.  
Risk factors relating to funding 
CDP is subject to the risk arising out of the concentration of its sources of funding for 
its activities carried out under the Separate Account System. While such activities may 
also be funded through non postal funding, such as bonds and loans, postal savings 
remain its main source of funding for such activities. As of December 31, 2023, CDP’s 
stock of postal funding amounted to €285 billion and accounted for 79% of its total 
funding. CDP raises such funds by issuing (i) interest-bearing postal savings bonds 
and (ii) passbook savings accounts. Such postal savings may only be used to fund the 
business activities which fall within the scope of the Separate Account System. 
Postal savings bonds and passbook savings accounts are placed exclusively by Poste 
Italiane, pursuant to a distribution agreement, which was renewed on December 24,

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
2021 and amended on January 30, 2024 (the “Poste Italiane Distribution 
Agreement”). The Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement has a four-year duration and 
will expire on December 31, 2024. Any changes made to laws and regulations 
governing or applicable to the collection of postal savings could have a material 
adverse effect on business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Although CDP also raises non postal funding, by accessing the capital markets 
through bond issues and by obtaining loans granted by the European Investment Bank 
and the Council of Europe Development Bank and other supranational institutions, 
such additional sources of funding may not allow CDP to meet its liquidity 
requirements relating to the activities which fall within the scope of the Separate 
Account System. 
Risks relating to price fluctuations 
The Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (“CDP Group”) hold interests in Italian 
listed and non-listed corporations and investment funds and, therefore, it is subject to 
the risk that the value of such interests may be affected by fluctuations of the relevant 
shares’ or units’ value as well as by fluctuations of the relevant derivatives’ value, if 
any are present. 
A reduction of the value of such investments could have a material adverse effect on 
CDP’s business, results of operations and financial condition, as described in more 
detail in the “Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry” paragraph 
below. 
Credit Risk 
One of CDP’s main business activities is its lending activities carried out in favor of 
Italian Public Entities and companies (including the main banking groups operating in 
Italy), hedging activities through derivatives, treasury activities in the context of both 
the separate account system ("Separate Account System") and ordinary account 
system ("Ordinary Account System"). This exposes CDP to the risk of counterparty 
defaults which are generally expected to increase during periods of economic 
downturn. CDP’s counterparties may default on their payment obligations due to, by 
way of example, bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, or operational failure. In addition, CDP 
is also exposed to the risks arising out of loans granted upon the basis of incomplete, 
false and untruthful information. CDP’s counterparties could also be adversely affected 
by interest rates fluctuations and the increased cost of funding.  
The occurrence of counterparty defaults, or even concerns about such defaults, due 
to, among others, the effects of rising inflation and the conflict between Russia and 
Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic, or similar health risks could adversely affect 
CDP’s business, results of operations and financial condition. In particular, CDP 
cannot exclude that its counterparties will not be negatively affected by high fuel and 
energy prices and/or increasing inflation and interest rates. See also "—Risk factors 
relating to the macroeconomic environment". 
Risks connected with interest rate fluctuations 
CDP is subject to potential asset-liability mismatch mainly due to different 
characteristics, in terms of liquidity and interest rate indexation, between lending

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
activities, which is one of CDP’s main business activities, and postal saving liabilities, 
which represent CDP’s main source of funding. 
The value and yield of the credits arising out of the loans CDP has granted and the 
exposures connected with raising funding are subject to interest rate fluctuations which, 
as such, are influenced by various parameters not under its control, such as monetary 
policies, macroeconomic and political conditions.  
Fluctuations of interest rates may increase costs faster and more substantially than 
yields on assets, because of, by way of example, a mismatch between maturities, or, 
for a given maturity, between interest rate sensitivities, of assets and liabilities. At the 
same time, decreasing interest rates may result in a lower yield from the assets held 
by CDP which may not be matched by a similar decrease in the cost of funding. In 
addition, the performances of CDP’s portfolio companies may be adversely affected 
by an increase in interest rates and the cost of funding. Increasing interest rates will 
increase CDP’s cost of funding which CDP sources from postal savings, banks, 
customers and bonds (see also "Description of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A.—
Funding"). Although CDP uses derivatives to partially hedge CDP’s exposure to 
interest rate fluctuations, there can be no assurance that this hedging activity will be 
sufficient or effective. The resulting exposure, in particular in the context of the current 
macroeconomic scenario, may affect CDP’s exposures and CDP’s economic results. 
The risk to which CDP is subject regarding interest rates is not fully comparable to the 
one in the banking sector, due to the early redemption option in favor of the holders of 
postal savings bonds, which represent its main source of long-term funding. The value 
of the put option and the bondholder's incentive to exercise the option is strongly 
influenced by interest rate levels and trends. Therefore, the increase and decrease in 
interest rates may adversely affect its financial situation and results of operations. 
In addition, postal savings bonds are indexed to consumer prices in Italy and, as a 
result, CDP is also subject to inflation risk. As a consequence of the increasing inflation 
rate, CDP would be required to pay a greater amount of interest to bondholders. 
Therefore, an increase of the inflation rate in Italy may adversely affect CDP’s financial 
situation and results of operations. 
CDP is unable to accurately predict future market interest rates, which are affected by 
many factors, including, but not limited to inflation, recession and domestic and 
international disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. See 
also "—Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment". Interest rate 
fluctuations and increased inflation could adversely affect CDP’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Liquidity risk 
CDP may lack the funds needed in the ordinary course of business to fulfil the payment 
obligations when these become due without incurring any exorbitant costs. Such risk 
arises with respect to both CDP’s ability to collect funds on the market and the difficulty 
to liquidate its own assets. 
The activities that fall within the scope of the Separate Account System are funded 
through postal savings, which represent CDP’s main source of funding. However, 
CDP’s postal savings bonds provide for an early redemption option in favour of holders

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
and the value of the put option and the bondholder's incentive to exercise the option 
are strongly influenced by interest rate levels and trends. Although CDP carries out 
monitoring activities, CDP’s systems may not accurately predict postal savings' 
interest rate levels and trends among their holders. 
In order to face issues related to the need of liquidity in the context of the Ordinary 
Account System, CDP raises funds through bond issuances and short-term 
instruments or obtains loans granted by the European Investment Bank and other 
supranational institutions. Moreover, among the procedures adopted to face liquidity 
risks, CDP has implemented a "Contingency Funding Plan" system, which envisages 
processes and strategies to manage liquidity crises, including, in certain cases, the 
possibility of liquidating portions of CDP’s own assets in order to raise funding. 
CDP’s liquidity could in the future be adversely affected by a number of factors, many 
of which are beyond CDP’s control, such as a general weakening of capital markets, 
or loss of confidence in the capital markets and lending markets, including 
uncertainties, geopolitical tensions and speculation regarding the financial health of 
market participants. There can be no assurances that such concerns will not persist 
or intensify in the future and continue to negatively impact the terms of available 
financing. 
If CDP is unable to raise liquidity or access financing through the capital markets on 
acceptable terms, or at all, or to obtain loans, CDP may experience difficulties in 
operating its business, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Factors outside CDP’s control may affect the implementation of the Strategic 
Plan 
In November 2021, CDP announced the approval of the new strategic plan for the 
three-year period from 2022 to 2024 (the "2022-2024 Strategic Plan"). The 2022-
2024 Strategic Plan contains the objectives of the CDP Group until the end of 2024. 
The 2022-2024 Strategic Plan defines strategic guidelines based on four major global 
trends: (i) climate change and protection of the ecosystem; (ii) inclusive and 
sustainable growth; (iii) digitalization and innovation; and (iv) rethinking value chains. 
For further information, see also "Description of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A.— 
CDP Group's 2022 – 2024 Strategic Plan".  
The 2022-2024 Strategic Plan is based on projections and estimates relating to the 
occurrence of future events and regarding the effect of CDP’s initiatives and steps. 
The main assumptions relate to the macroeconomic situation and the interest rates 
and the market quotes relevant for CDP’s business and portfolio companies, which 
are beyond CDP’s control, and to assumptions relating to specific actions and future 
events in respect of which CDP has only limited control, which may not occur or which 
may evolve differently than assumed in the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan.  
Given the subjective nature of the underlying assumptions of the 2022-2024 Strategic 
Plan, one or more of the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan's underlying assumptions may 
prove incorrect or events may evolve differently than assumed in the 2022-2024 
Strategic Plan including because of current or future events affecting CDP’s operations 
or external circumstances that may not be foreseeable or quantifiable as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should not place any undue reliance on the 2022-

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
2024 Strategic Plan as CDP may not be able to achieve the objectives set forth in the 
2022-2024 Strategic Plan and the results may differ, including significantly, from the 
2022-2024 Strategic Plan, which could have a material adverse effect on CDP's 
business, operational results and financial condition.  
Any malfunction or defect in or attack on CDP's information and technology 
("IT") systems could materially impact CDP's ability to operate its business 
CDP is exposed to the risk that functional problems in its technological and IT 
architecture could cause an interruption in CDP's business, as well as the risk of 
unauthorised access to its IT systems or the possible success of external cyber-
attacks. 
Although CDP regularly maintains and updates its IT systems, which are equipped 
with system protection solutions, any problems associated with inefficient 
maintenance, a failure or delay in updating CDP’s IT systems, any unauthorised 
access to CDP’s computer systems or a successful external cyber-attack (including 
through email fraud or otherwise), could have a material adverse effect on CDP’s 
business, results of operation and financial condition. 
CDP’s reputation could have a material adverse effect on its business, results 
of operations and financial conditions 
CDP is the Italian National Promotional Institution and Development Finance 
Institution and operates in an industry where integrity, trust and confidence are 
paramount. Given its institutional role CDP is exposed to the risk that a fall in profits, 
loss of economic value or the occurrence of similar events could damage its 
reputation. 
In particular, CDP is exposed to the risk that litigation, employee fraud and other 
misconduct, operational failures, cyber-attacks, breaches of confidential information, 
press speculation, negative publicity and other events or accusations, whether or not 
founded, could damage its reputation. 
CDP Equity S.p.A. ("CDP Equity") underwrites commitments toward investment 
funds, focused on a wide range of asset classes (mainly private equity, private debt 
and venture capital funds) and holds relevant stakes in three management companies 
(SGR - Società di gestione del risparmio). If any of such companies were to be 
sanctioned, or impacted in any way from a reputational standpoint as a result of any 
circumstances connected to its operations, CDP’s reputation could be affected 
because of the stakes it owns in the management companies. 
Any damage to CDP’s reputation could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and 
regulations, may adversely affect CDP’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition 
CDP is subject to laws and regulations enacted by supranational and national 
governments and institutions, such as the Banking Act, as CDP is subject to the Bank 
of Italy's supervision, and laws relating to its corporate purpose and main corporate 
activities, such as lending activities, as CDP must comply with a specific set of rules

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
which regulate the activities that fall within the Separate Account. In particular, the 
MEF has the power to determine the general policies of the Separate Account System 
and to issue decrees to, among other things, determine the criteria for the definition of 
the general economic terms of the demand of passbook savings accounts, postal 
savings bonds, other securities and financial transactions guaranteed by the Republic 
of Italy. For further information, see "Regulation". 
CDP cannot predict the timing or form of any future regulatory or law change. 
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, 
time consuming and costly. Any change to laws and regulations, as well as their 
interpretation and application, could have a material adverse effect on CDP’s funding 
and business activities and therefore on CDP’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition.  
Fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on CDP’s 
investment portfolio, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on 
CDP’s business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition 
Certain activities CDP performs may generate exchange rate risk. In particular, the 
activities that can affect CDP's exposure are principally associated with its export 
finance activities (usually denominated in U.S. dollars) and to a lesser extent to equity 
investments outside Italy. 
Adverse changes in foreign exchange rates, in particular with respect to the exchange 
rate between the Euro and U.S. dollars, could have an adverse effect on business, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
 
Risk factors arising out of shareholdings 
CDP’s net economic value, profitability or net equity could be adversely affected by 
variables related to its portfolio companies.  
CDP’s net economic value, profitability or net equity could be adversely affected by 
variables related to equities and shareholdings of CDP’s portfolio companies and, in 
particular, by the market price of such securities and shares and related derivatives, 
or by changes in the present and prospective profitability of the investment in such 
securities and shares and related derivatives, which depend, among other things, on 
dividends from time to time approved by the relevant companies and investment funds 
in which CDP holds shares. 
A decrease in the value of CDP’s portfolio companies could have a material adverse 
effect on CDP’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risk factors arising out of companies forming part of the CDP Group 
CDP holds shares in investment funds and in public and closely held Italian companies 
that manage key infrastructure or assets or operate in national strategic sectors. In 
particular, CDP has direct participations in companies such as Eni S.p.A. (27.7% stake 
as of 31 December 2023, which represents almost 46.2% of CDP’s entire shareholding

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
portfolio in terms of book value as of 31 December 2023) and Poste Italiane (35.0% 
stake as of 31 December 2023). Furthermore, CDP indirectly holds through CDP 
Equity and the investment vehicles owned by CDP Equity, which is fully owned by 
CDP, a number of participations such as those in Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A. (44.9% 
stake1 as of 31 December 2023), Open Fiber S.p.A. (60% stake2 as of 31 December 
2023), Fincantieri S.p.A. (71.3% stake as of 31 December 2023), Saipem S.p.A. 
(12.8% stake as of 31 December 2023) and Ansaldo Energia S.p.A. (99.5% stake as 
of 31 December 2023). In addition, CDP indirectly holds through CDP Reti S.p.A. (in 
which CDP has a 59.1% stake) several participations in companies such as Snam 
S.p.A. (31.4% stake as of 31 December 2023), Terna S.p.A. (29.9% stake as of 31 
December 2023) and Italgas S.p.A. (26.0% stake as of 31 December 2023). In 
addition, directly through CDP Equity (5.3% stake as of December 31, 2023) and 
indirectly through CDP Equity Investimenti S.p.A., in which CDP Equity has a 77.1% 
stake, (8.3% stake as of December 31, 2023) it holds a participation in Nexi S.p.A. 
Such portfolio shares are relevant because either (i) the relevant companies are 
subject to CDP’s management and coordination activity (including CDP Equity and 
CDP Reti S.p.A.) or (ii) because of the amount of capital CDP has invested in them 
(the "Significant Portfolio Companies").  
CDP is subject to the same risks to which the companies forming part of the CDP 
Group are subject to, such as (i) market risks; (ii) liquidity risks; (iii) credit risks; (iv) 
operational risks (including cyber-security and IT) and regulatory risks; (v) 
counterparty risks and (vi) risks arising out of legal disputes, legal proceedings, 
including investigations by the relevant agencies and authorities (see also "Description 
of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. – Legal Proceedings") and (v) climate change risk 
(see also the audited consolidated financial statements of CDP for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023). The occurrence of any events which affect the business, 
results of operations and financial condition of CDP’s portfolio shares could determine 
a decrease in dividend payments/contributions from such portfolio companies, a 
decrease in the value of CDP’s listed equity investments and a possible drop in the 
value of CDP’s overall portfolio. A decrease in the value of CDP’s portfolio shares 
could adversely affect CDP’s business, results of operations and financial condition.  
The following paragraphs set out the main risks arising from CDP’s Significant Portfolio 
Companies, which include risks related to the applicable sectorial regulations, 
including on foreign investments: 
Eni S.p.A. 
 
 
 
1 CDP Equity holds a participation in Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. (51%), which in turn owns 88.1% of 
Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. 
2 CDP Equity holds a participation in Open Fiber Holdings S.p.A. (60%), which in turn owns 100% of Open Fiber 
S.p.A.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
Eni S.p.A. ("Eni") is active in the fields of oil, natural gas, chemicals, biochemicals, 
production and marketing of electricity from fossil fuels, cogeneration and renewable 
sources. 
Eni is exposed, on top of market-standard operational risks, to the following risks: (i) 
market risk related to (a) high country risk since a significant amount of hydrocarbon 
reserves and of its long-term gas supplies come from non-OECD countries. Eni and 
its subsidiaries are therefore exposed to the risk of possible negative developments in 
the political, social and macroeconomic environment that could result in destabilising 
events with repercussions on the contraction of economic activity, financial difficulties 
for local governments and difficulties in accessing hydrocarbon reserves and gas 
supplies, (b) high cyclicality related to oil and gas price trends; (ii) regulatory risk, due 
to the fact that the group operates in a highly regulated sector, which entails a strong 
interrelation between the regulator's choices and Eni's revenues. Specifically, the 
Italian Electricity Gas and Water System Authority (AEEGSI) carries out the function 
of monitoring natural gas price levels and defines the economic conditions for the 
supply of gas to customers. This authority's decisions on this matter may limit the 
ability of gas operators to increases in the cost of raw materials in the final price to 
customers. In addition, Eni is exposed to risks related to the issuance and revocation 
of permits, concessions and administrative authorisations for the development, 
construction and operation of plants and for the performance of certain regulated 
activities; (iii) exchange rate risk, especially between the Euro and the U.S. dollar, both 
regarding procurement and sales and (iv) ESG risks related to Eni's business model 
which is strongly dependent on fossil fuels. In addition, Eni operates in a sector that is 
highly exposed to the risk of potential fraud (e.g., corruption and money laundering), 
also given the nature of its operations in certain countries with geopolitical instability 
issues and/or that may be considered high-risk from an anti-corruption standpoint. 
Poste Italiane 
 
Poste Italiane is the largest service infrastructure in Italy, active in postal, logistics, 
financial and insurance services.  
Poste Italiane is exposed to the following risks: (i) market risk related to high 
competition that characterises the financial, insurance and shipping sectors; (ii) price 
risk, especially for financial assets held for trading; (iii) interest rate risk due to the 
large investments in fixed-income securities and (iv) spread risk, related to the 
volumes of government bonds on its balance sheet assets. 
CDP Equity 
 
CDP Equity's main activity is the acquisition of stakes in companies that have a 
relevant national interest for the Italian economy.  
The risks CDP Equity is exposed to are mainly related to the economic and financial 
performance of the companies and funds it has invested in. Negative outcomes or 
trends affecting one or more of such companies and funds could negatively impact 
CDP Equity's balance sheet, depending on the size and the relevance of the exposure, 
also in terms of distributed dividends.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A. 
 
Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A. ("Autostrade per l'Italia" or "ASPI"), is one of Europe's 
leading concessionaries for the construction and management of toll motorways, with 
approximately 3,000 km of road network managed in Italy. 
ASPI is exposed to, among others, the following risks: (i) operational and legal risk 
related to the current state of the road infrastructure and pending litigation, also in 
relation to the collapse of the Polcevera bridge in Genova which occurred in August 
2018; (ii) concentration risk mainly relating to the low geographic diversification; (iii) 
regulatory risk due to operating in a regulated industry with limited visibility of future 
regulatory changes (including the risk that ASPI's time-limited concessions may be 
revoked, may not be renewed following their expiry or could be renewed on economic 
terms that are less advantageous or more burdensome); and (iv) financial risk mainly 
relating to the risk of downgrades by rating agencies, thus limiting the possibility to 
secure long-term resources to meet both its investment needs and financial liabilities, 
and the risk of covenant violation. 
Open Fiber S.p.A. 
 
Open Fiber S.p.A. ("Open Fiber") has been set up to implement an ultra-broadband 
network infrastructure in fiber optic FTTH (Fiber To The Home) in all Italian regions, 
through a "wholesale only" business model in order to guarantee free access to all 
interested operators, on equal terms, providing end users with a wide choice. Open 
Fiber's operations rely on time-limited government concessions, which may be 
revoked, may not be renewed following their expiry or could be renewed on economic 
terms that are less advantageous or more burdensome for Open Fiber. 
Open Fiber is exposed to, among others, the following risks, on top of market standard 
operational risks (inter alia, the evolution of the FTTH market in Italy and the ability of 
Open Fiber to speed up its take-up rate): (i) financial risk due to significant additional 
financial resources needed to implement its new business plan, which will require a 
mix of new resources from both shareholders and banks; (ii) execution risk mainly 
relating to delays in capital expenditure due to the scarce availability of labour force 
compared to the large amount of work to be carried out for activities related to the 
placement of the network and the negative impact from the large amount of activities 
required to be carried out in connection with authorisations for excavations in white 
areas (i.e., areas which require Government stimulus due to market failures).  
Nexi S.p.A. 
 
The Nexi group ("Nexi"), which was established through the merger of Nexi S.p.A., 
Nets and SIA S.p.A., is the leading European player in the payments market 
(merchant, issuing and digital banking) and operates in more than 25 countries.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
Nexi is exposed to, among others, the following risks: (i) macroeconomic risk due to 
inflation, interest rates and confidence from companies and consumers, which may 
affect both consumer and investment; (ii) risk related to customer concentration (in 
particular, banks and financial institutions that may increase their trading power with 
Nexi in case of consolidation); (iii) market risk, as Nexi operates in highly competitive 
sectors where competition is mainly based on technological innovation, quality, 
breadth and reliability of services; (iv) risk related to regulatory changes; (v) 
operational risk related to data storage and processing; and (vi) financial risks such as 
interest rate fluctuation and debt refinancing. 
Fincantieri S.p.A. 
 
Fincantieri S.p.A. ("Fincantieri") and its subsidiaries (the "Fincantieri Group") is one 
of the world's largest shipbuilding groups. It is a leader in cruise ship design and 
construction and a reference player in all high-tech shipbuilding industry sectors, from 
naval to offshore vessels, from high-complexity special vessels and ferries to mega-
yachts, ship repairs and conversions, systems and components production and 
aftersales services. The Fincantieri Group’s performance is strongly dependent on 
changes in clients' orders and business performances. The shipbuilding industry, in 
which Fincantieri operates, has historically been characterised by cyclical 
performance, responding to trends in its reference markets. 
Moreover, the Fincantieri Group is also subject to (i) risks connected to operational 
complexity related to order management and outsourcing of production; (ii) 
compliance risks; (iii) risks connected to exchange rate changes, (iv) risks connected 
to existing debt; (v) risks related to the compliance with safe and health safety 
regulations; and (vi) risks associated with maintaining levels of competitiveness in the 
reference markets. Furthermore, Fincantieri is exposed to credit risk, liquidity risk and 
market risk, with specific regard to fluctuations in oil prices, given its exposure to the 
energy equipment sector through its subsidiary Vard Group AS, as well as in the prices 
of the main raw materials used, including but not limited to steel and copper, on top of 
market standard operational risks. 
Saipem S.p.A. 
 
Saipem S.p.A. ("Saipem") is an advanced technological and engineering platform for 
the design, construction and operation of complex, safe and sustainable 
infrastructures and plants. 
Saipem is exposed to, among others, the following risks: (i) operational and legal risks 
due to the nature of Saipem's operating model and underlying activities that frequently 
involve the management of operational complexities in different industries (in 
connection with Saipem's ability to obtain and maintain all licenses, permits, or other 
authorisations required to operate its business); in addition, Saipem operates in a 
sector that is highly exposed to the risk of potential fraud (e.g., corruption and money 
laundering), given the nature and amounts of the orders and its operations in certain 
countries with geo-political instability issues and/or which can be considered as high-
risk from an anti-bribery and anti-corruption standpoint; (ii) technological risk, since 
Saipem's operating sectors are characterised by the continuous evolution of the 
technologies, assets, patents and licenses used. Therefore, there is a risk that some

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
competitors could develop and implement innovative services and products that could 
weaken Saipem's competitive position; (iii) market risk, due to the volatility of 
commodity prices and possible slowdown in global industry growth and demand for oil 
and gas resulting in slower investment decisions by oil companies. 
Ansaldo Energia S.p.A. 
 
Ansaldo Energia S.p.A. (“Ansaldo Energia”) and its subsidiaries (the "Ansaldo 
Energia Group"), is a leading international player in the power generation industry 
and it is exposed to several business and financial risks associated with its operations. 
The Ansaldo Energia Group is exposed to the following financial risks: liquidity risk; (ii) 
market risk (also because of changes in the energy regulatory framework) and (iii) 
credit risk. The Ansaldo Energia Group is also exposed to operational and business 
risks, mainly driven by potential delays in the execution of projects and operational 
issues, such as extra costs (which have been identified from ongoing backlog 
reviews), as well as adverse macroeconomic conditions.  
Ansaldo Energia Group has revised its business plan with the aim of improving its 
operating standards, however there is no assurance that this will achieve the desired 
results. In addition, although the Ansaldo Energia Group strives to maintain a minimum 
level of cash availability (e.g., leveraging on fiscal advantages) and generally 
stipulates insurance policies as a protection from potential delays in the execution of 
contracts, in certain cases, damages may exceed the amount of available cash or the 
insurances coverage. In addition, the Ansaldo Energia Group may also face an 
increase in insurance premiums. 
CDP Reti S.p.A. 
 
CDP Reti S.p.A. ("CDP Reti") is an investment vehicle which owns and manages 
participations in Terna S.p.A., Italgas S.p.A. and Snam S.p.A. 
The risks which CDP Reti is exposed to are related to the economic and financial 
performance of the companies it has a stake in. Negative outcomes or trends affecting 
one or more of such companies could result in negative impacts over CDP Reti's 
balance sheet, according to the size and the relevance of the exposure, also in terms 
of the distributed dividends. 
Terna S.p.A. 
 
Terna S.p.A. (“Terna”) and its subsidiaries (the "Terna Group") manage, maintain and 
develop the Italian high-voltage electricity grid and manage the electricity flows on the 
grid at any time. In the course of its operations, the Terna Group is exposed to a variety 
of operational and financial risks: (i) market risk, which comprises three forms of risk, 
namely exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and inflation risk; (ii) liquidity risk and (iii) 
credit risk (mainly due to Terna Group's trade receivables and financial investments). 
In addition, the Terna Group's operations rely on time-limited government 
concessions, which may be revoked, may not be renewed following their expiry or 
could be renewed on economic terms that are less advantageous or more 
burdensome for the Terna Group.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
The exposure of the Terna Group as a whole to the aforementioned risks is 
substantially represented by the exposure of Terna itself, the company which carries 
out most of the operational activities of the Terna Group.  
Snam S.p.A. 
 
Snam S.p.A. (“Snam”) and its subsidiaries (the "Snam Group"), on the basis of its 
financial statements as at 31 December 2023 and the relevant information disclosed, 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus, on https://www.snam.it/it/home.html, is a 
leading Italian operator in natural gas transport and storage and is exposed to financial 
and non-financial risks, namely, (i) strategic risks; (ii) legal and non-compliance risk 
and (iii) operational risks. 
In particular, due to the specific nature of the business sector in which the Snam Group 
operates, it is exposed to the risk of changes to the reference regulatory framework, 
which may have a significant impact on operations, earnings and financial stability. 
Considering the specific nature of its business and the area in which the Snam Group 
operates, developments in the regulatory context with regard to criteria for determining 
applicable tariffs are particularly significant. In addition, Snam's operations rely on 
time-limited government concessions, which may be revoked, may not be renewed 
following their expiry or could be renewed on economic terms that are less 
advantageous or more burdensome for Snam. 
Moreover, the Snam Group is also exposed to the risk of political, social and economic 
instability in natural gas supplying countries. Most of the natural gas transported on 
the Italian national transport network is imported from or transits through countries in 
the Middle East and North Africa and Azerbaijan, Georgia, Russia and Ukraine. The 
import of natural gas from such countries, or its transit through them, is subject to a 
wide range of risks, including: armed conflict (see "—Risk factors relating to the 
macroeconomic environment"), terrorism and general crime, changing levels of 
political and institutional stability, social-economic and ethnic-sectarian tensions, 
social unrest and protests, inadequate legislation on insolvency and creditor 
protection, ceilings placed on investments and on the import and export of goods and 
services, introduction of and hikes in taxes and excise duties, forced contract 
renegotiation, nationalisation of assets, changes in commercial policies and monetary 
restrictions. 
A failure in the supply or transport of natural gas from or through the above-mentioned 
countries, due to the occurrence of the aforesaid adverse conditions, may have a 
material adverse effect on the business, performance and financial position of the 
Snam Group. In addition, the Snam Group is exposed to macroeconomic and geo-
political risks and to tensions in financial markets or situations deriving from external 
events, which could affect liquidity and accessibility to financial markets. 
Italgas S.p.A. 
 
Italgas S.p.A. and its subsidiaries (“Italgas Group”) are specialised in the gas 
distribution activities in Italy; they have recently been growing in the energy efficiency 
and integrated water service sectors.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
Italgas Group is exposed to, among others, the following risks: (i) regulatory risk due 
to the fact that transmission and storage activities are subject to regulation by the 
Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and the Environment (ARERA); (ii) credit 
and refinancing risk due to a net debt equal more than 5.5x EBITDA; and (iii) 
concentration risk, with over 90% of Italgas Group's revenues concentrated in the 
natural gas distribution activity. Furthermore, the Italgas Group's activities are linked 
to the renewal of gas distribution licenses based on the outcome of tenders, as well 
as to the quantification of the expected reimbursement values in favour of the outgoing 
operator pursuant to the applicable regulations.  
CDP and the companies of the CDP Group that are subject to its management 
and coordination activity may be subject to legal disputes which could have a 
potential material adverse effect on their business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
There are currently legal proceedings pending against CDP and the companies of the 
CDP Group that are subject to its management and coordination activity. CDP has set 
out in its balance sheet specific provisions for risks and charges to cover liabilities 
thought likely in relation to ongoing litigation based on its best knowledge and in 
accordance with applicable accounting rules. Please refer to the Section “Section 10 
- Provisions for risks and charges of the Notes” of the consolidated financial 
statements for the complete quantification of the relevant financial items.  
Such provisions are based on information available from time to time, but are also 
inherently based on estimates because of the many uncertainties connected to legal 
proceedings. In particular, it may not always be possible to produce a reliable estimate, 
as in the case where, for example, the proceeding has not yet been started or when 
there are legal and factual uncertainties that make any estimate unreliable. There are 
also proceedings for which CDP did not consider it necessary to make, or for which, 
in accordance with the current market practice, it was not possible or proper to quantify 
a provision. Any provisions set aside may therefore be insufficient to fully cover the 
charges, expenses, fines and claims for compensation and payment of costs 
connected to pending cases, such that the actual cost of pending proceedings may 
turn out to be considerably higher, with potentially material adverse effects on CDP's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. Any unfavorable outcome for 
CDP or the companies of the CDP Group that are subject to its management and 
coordination activity in one or more of the disputes in which they are involved, or may 
be involved in the future, may have an adverse impact on CDP's and the said 
companies’ business and their reputation with potential material adverse effects on 
their business, results of operations and financial condition. For information about 
CDP’s pending material legal proceedings and those of the companies of the CDP 
Group that are subject to its management and coordination activity, see "Description 
of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A.—Legal Proceedings". 
Operational Risk 
CDP is subject to operational risk, and such risk may originate from, among other 
things: the risk of losses resulting from internal or external fraud, human error, 
employment relationships and workplace safety, business disruption, system 
unavailability, breach of contracts, process management, damage to company assets, 
malicious software/cyber-attacks, natural disasters and risk of loss resulting from the

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
breach of law and regulations, contractual or non-contractual liability and further 
disputes or investigations by the relevant agencies or authorities. 
If any of these operational risks were to occur, they could result in, amongst other 
things, direct financial losses, indirect financial losses appearing as operating 
inefficiencies, penalties, and damage to CDP’s reputation. Such operational risk can 
also directly impact CDP’s ability to manage other key risks.  
The occurrence of any of the abovementioned events could adversely affect CDP’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risk relating to quasi-criminal liability of entities and any proceedings arising 
thereunder could materially affect financial position of the Issuer 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of June 8, 2001, as amended ("Decree No. 231") 
provides for quasi-criminal liability of companies for crimes committed in their interest 
or to their advantage by individuals who have a functional relationship with such 
corporate entities, such as employees, directors and representatives. In certain cases, 
such quasi-criminal liability may arise on the parent company also in connection with 
crimes committed by individuals who have a functional relationship with its portfolio 
companies. Crimes which could trigger a corporate entity’s quasi-criminal liability 
pursuant to Decree No. 231 include, among others, those committed when dealing 
with public administrations (including bribery, misappropriation of public contributions 
and fraud to the detriment of the state), corporate crimes and commercial bribery, tax 
fraud, environmental crimes and crimes of manslaughter or serious injury in violation 
of provisions on health and safety at the workplace. 
Decree No. 231 allows Italian corporate entities to implement compliance procedures 
to defend themselves against the administrative liability that may attach to them under 
Decree No. 231, through the adoption of an organisational, management and control 
model ("OMC") and the appointment of an independent officer or body to supervise 
such OMC. The Board of Statutory Auditors of CDP and of some of its subsidiaries 
are entrusted with supervisory body functions in accordance with Decree No. 231 (for 
further information, see "Description of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A.— CDP 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies"). Other subsidiaries, on the 
other hand, have appointed separate corporate bodies entrusting them with 
supervisory body functions. The adoption of an OMC model by a company and the 
appointment of a supervisory body do not preclude the application of sanctions under 
Decree No. 231, and failure to update these OMC models increases the risk that quasi-
criminal liability under Decree No. 231 may attach.  
If a crime subject to Decree No. 231 is committed or is attempted to be committed, the 
relevant company may incur the following sanctions: (i) pecuniary sanction; (ii) 
disqualification sanctions (which may consist in: (a) disqualification from exercising 
business activity; (b) suspension or revocation of authorisations, licenses or 
concessions which were functional to the commission of the offence (c) prohibition to 
contract with the public administration, except to obtain the performance of a public 
service; (d) exclusion from concessions, loans, contributions or subsidies and the 
possible revocation of those already granted; (e) ban on advertising goods or 
services); (iii) confiscation of the price or proceeds of the offence; and (iv) the 
publication of the conviction. Disqualification sanctions have the characteristic of

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
limiting or conditioning the social activity and, in the most serious cases, even of 
paralysing the company (e.g., interdiction from the exercise of the business activity); 
they also have the purpose of preventing behaviors connected to the commission of 
crimes. Disqualification sanctions can be applied only for the serious offences 
described in article 16 of Decree No. 231. Moreover, the abovementioned sanctions 
apply, in the cases expressly provided for by Decree No. 231, when at least one of the 
following conditions is satisfied: (i) the relevant company obtained a significant profit 
from the crime and the crime was committed by persons in senior positions or by 
persons subject to the management of others and, in this case, the commission of the 
crime was determined or facilitated by serious organisational shortcomings; and (ii) in 
the event of repetition of the offences. 
Decree No. 231 also establishes, as an alternative to the disqualification sanction 
consisting in the interruption of the relevant company's business activity, the 
appointment by a judge of a judicial commissioner who allows the continuation of the 
business activity for a period equal to the duration of the disqualification penalty 
applied, when at least one of the following conditions is satisfied: (i) the entity performs 
a public service or a service of public necessity the interruption of which could cause 
serious harm; or (ii) taking into account the size and the economic conditions of the 
territory in which it is located, the interruption of the relevant company's activity could 
cause significant repercussions on employment levels. 
Finally, the public prosecutor may request the precautionary application of one of the 
disqualification sanctions provided for by Decree No. 231 in cases where, amongst 
the various requirements expressly provided for by the law, there are serious 
indications for deeming the existence of the liability of the entity and there are well-
founded and specific elements which lead to believe that there is a concrete danger 
that offences of the same nature as the one for which the proceeding will be 
committed. 
A quasi-criminal proceeding relating to alleged crimes subject to Decree No. 231, even 
if ultimately CDP is discharged in such proceeding, could be costly and could divert 
management’s attention away from other aspects of CDP’s business. Any such 
proceedings may also cause adverse publicity and reputational harm, which could 
have a material adverse effect on CDP’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Risks related to data protection 
In the ordinary course of business, CDP Group processes personally identifiable 
information on customers, business partners, employees, third parties and others 
(including name, address, age, bank details and personal sensitive information) and, 
therefore, CDP Group must comply with strict data protection and privacy laws and 
regulations, including the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of April 27, 2016 
("General Data Protection Regulation" or "GDPR") and the Italian Privacy Code 
(Legislative Decree No. 196/2003, as amended by Legislative Decree No. 101/2018, 
which adapted Italian rules to GDPR). 
The GDPR, inter alia, provides for significant applicable maximum fines, up to the 
higher of (i) €20 million or (ii) 4% of annual global turnover per breach and the 
Legislative Decree No. 196/2003 provides for, inter alia, certain criminal sanctions.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
Any failure in complying with the applicable data protection and privacy regulatory 
framework could have a material adverse effect on CDP Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, compliance with such laws 
and regulations may require CDP Group to incur significant costs to make necessary 
systems changes and implement new administrative processes. 
 
3. Risk factors relating to the Notes 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor 
should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing, and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators 
to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes currently 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely 
distributed and for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case 
of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single 
series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after 
their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application has 
been made to be admitted to the Official List and traded on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will 
develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any 
trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Limited rights of individual Noteholders 
The protection and exercise of the Noteholders' rights against the Issuer is one of the 
duties of the Representative of the Noteholders. The Conditions limit the ability of 
individual Noteholders to commence proceedings against the Issuer by conditioning 
the ability of any Noteholder to commence any such individual actions to the prior 
approval of a Meeting of all Series of Noteholders and failure by the Representative of 
the Noteholders to take such actions within a reasonable period of time. 
Early Redemption of the Notes for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in 
respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
No physical document of title issued in respect of the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be in dematerialised form and evidenced at 
any time through book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. In no 
circumstance would physical documents of title be issued in respect of the Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by book entries, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and the authorised financial 
intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the 
Notes are held in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on 
the procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold 
accounts therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Noteholders' rights to receive payment in respect of the Notes will concur with 
the rights of all CDP’s existing creditors, including those that benefit from a 
guarantee by the Republic of Italy 
As of December 31, 2023 CDP’s total gross financial debt, intended as total funding, 
amounted to €362 billion of which €285 billion consisted of postal savings bonds and 
passbook savings accounts, which are guaranteed by the Republic of Italy. However, 
the Notes will not have the benefit of such guarantee. Therefore, the right to receive 
payments of interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes will 
concur with the rights of all CDP’s existing creditors, which are ranked at the same 
level of the holders of the Notes. See also "Risk Factors—Risk factors relating to the 
Notes" below. 
Noteholders will not have recourse to any assets that are segregated 
No security interest has been created for the benefit of the holders of the Notes for 
their claims under the Notes, nor will any guarantee be issued by the Republic of Italy 
in favor of the Noteholders. Consequently, CDP will meet its payment obligations 
under the Notes primarily through the result of its business activities. Any adverse 
effect on its business activities or its ability to generate sufficient revenues may have 
a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition 
and consequently on its ability to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. 
Noteholders will have access to all of CDP’s assets to satisfy their claims under the 
Notes. CDP may segregate any of its assets, in whole or in part, in favor of the holders 
of asset-backed securities or in favor of other lenders. As a result of such segregation, 
the assets may be used to satisfy the claims only of the holders of asset-backed 
securities or other lenders identified by CDP and constitute separate assets in all 
respects from all CDP’s other assets until final discharge of their rights against it. The 
segregation of assets carried out by CDP is not subject to any of the limits that are 
provided for by the Italian laws applicable to other Italian companies. 
Accordingly, Noteholders will not have recourse to any assets that are segregated by 
law to satisfy amounts due to them under the Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
Risk of changes in tax law  
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 
2023 (Law 111), delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-
four months from its publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the 
reform of the Italian tax system (the "Tax Reform").  
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform is expected to significantly change the taxation 
of financial incomes and capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian 
tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these 
amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage.As a result, 
the information provided in this Prospectus may not comply with the future tax 
landscape. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should be aware that the prospected changes to 
the tax regime of interest income and capital gains could lead to an increased tax cost 
for the prospected purchasers of the notes and, consequently, result in a lower return 
of their investment. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
the tax consequences described above. 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate (a 
"Relevant Factor"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be very volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest;

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time; 
(iv) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not 
correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(v) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the 
Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(vi) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to 
investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In 
general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect 
on yield. 
Furthermore, with regard to Floating Rate Notes, where the reference rate used to 
calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest rate will be below the 
margin, if any, or may be zero. Accordingly, where the rate of interest is equal to zero, 
the holders of such Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for 
certain or all interest periods, it being understood that under no circumstances shall 
the Rate of Interest (as defined in the Conditions) be less than zero. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed 
in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types 
of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing 
national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to 
the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the 
use of a benchmark, within the EU. The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order 
to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, 
any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European 
Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the 
identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis 
for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and 
contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-
free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free 
rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue 
in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an 
alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the 
interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 6.13 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) or Condition 6.6 (Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SOFR), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to 
EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even 
prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect 
such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes 
and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same 
benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in 
the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if a published benchmark, such 
as EURIBOR, and any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service) becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any 
Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate 
interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks 
Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the 
rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate, 
with or without an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
relevant Noteholders) to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement 
benchmark, all as determined by an independent adviser. An adjustment spread, if 
applied could be positive, negative, or zero, and would be applied with a view to 
reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising 
out of the replacement of a benchmark. However, it may not be possible to determine 
or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment 
spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If 
no adjustment spread can be determined, a successor rate or alternative rate may 
nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. The use of a successor rate or 
alternative rate (including with the application of an adjustment spread) will still result 
in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the benchmark were to 
continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
independent advisor or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
successor rate or an alternative rate, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of 
calculation of the rate of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate 
of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the 
involvement of an independent adviser, there is a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant 
change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA"), and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), as 
reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the 
substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also 
how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes 
that reference risk-free rates issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the 
future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, or 
the SOFR Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The 
development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes 
that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free 
rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding 
or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have 
been used in risk-free rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any 
particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain 
risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average 
of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
different measures of such risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove 
to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to 
such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are 
more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, or any related indices. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects and have 
a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and 
other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects. These include (without 
limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or 
weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, 
whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR 
have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks 
or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited 
history. For that reason, future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict 
based on their limited historical performance. The level of such rates during the term 
of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical 
performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates nor 
should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is 
only capable of being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates 
reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and 
some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to 
their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing 
backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default 
under Condition 12 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date 
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in 
respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA or SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as 
administrator of SONIA or SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that 
could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related to the method 
by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions 
used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA or 
SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the 
interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider 
the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SONIA or SOFR. 
Partly paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one 
instalment. Failure to pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing 
all of his investment. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the value of Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms). This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if Noteholder's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Noteholder's Currency") other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that there may be a material change in the exchange 
rate between the Specified Currency and the Noteholder's Currency or that a 
modification of exchange controls by the applicable authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Noteholder's Currency will be imposed. The Issuer has no control over the factors 
that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events and 
the supply and demand for the applicable currencies. Moreover, if payments on the 
Notes are determined by reference to a formula containing a multiplier or leverage 
factor, the effect of any change in the exchange rates between the applicable 
currencies will be magnified. In recent years, exchange rates between certain 
currencies have been volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other 
currencies may be expected in the future. An appreciation in the value of the 
Noteholder's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the 
Noteholder's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Noteholder's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Noteholder's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and monetary authorities 
may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The Representative of the Noteholders may agree to modifications and waivers 
without convening a meeting of the Noteholders

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of Noteholders, the Representative of the 
Noteholders for each Series of Notes may, without the consent of the Noteholders of 
such Series and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to 
certain amendments to, or modifications of, or waivers or authorisations of any breach 
of the Conditions of the relevant Series of Notes. Any such modification, waiver, 
authorisation or determination shall be binding upon the Noteholders and, unless the 
Representative of the Noteholders determines otherwise, any such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as 
possible thereafter. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the 
interests of Noteholders 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of 
Notes under the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a 
member of an international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of 
its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may 
arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers 
and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related 
derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and 
on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and 
which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Issues of further Series and interests of Noteholders 
Under the Programme, CDP may create and issue new Series of Notes without the 
consent of the existing Noteholders to raise funds to finance general funding purposes 
of the Issuer. Both prior to and following the occurrence of an Event of Default, all 
Notes will rank pari passu among themselves. Circumstances could potentially arise 
in which the interests of the holders of different Series of Notes could differ. 
Rating 
The Programme is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated BBB by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited Sede 
Secondaria Italiana ("Fitch Ratings") and BBB+ by Scope Ratings GmbH ("Scope"). 
Each of S&P, Fitch Ratings and Scope is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), and is included 
in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities and Markets Authority at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation. The rating S&P has given the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established 
in the United Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating assigned by Fitch Ratings is endorsed 
by Fitch Ratings Ltd, established in the United Kingdom and registered by the

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) in accordance with the Credit Rating Agencies 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. Scope Ratings UK Limited, established 
in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, is an “endorsing 
CRA” of Credit Ratings issued by Scope Ratings GmbH. As such, the rating Scope 
has attributed the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by Scope 
Ratings UK Ltd. Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated and, where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating applicable to the Programme. The rating may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and the other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. In 
addition, if the status of any rating agency rating the Notes changes, European and 
UK regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European 
and UK regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes 
and any secondary market. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating 
could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Tranche of 
Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds" or "Social Bonds" or “Sustainability 
Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
green assets or social assets or sustainable assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the 
Programme described as "green bonds" ("Green Bonds"), "social bonds" ("Social 
Bonds") and “sustainability bonds” (“Sustainability Bonds”) in accordance with the 
principles set out by the ICMA (respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the 
Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (“SBG”)). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at 
"Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds" in the applicable Final

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such 
investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light 
of their own circumstances.  
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such 
proceeds for the funding of any green project or social project or sustainable project, 
as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates (including in relation to the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond 
Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar 
legislation in the United Kingdom). In the event that the Notes are listed or admitted to 
trading on any dedicated "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular in regard with regard to any direct or indirect sustainable 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any sustainability reports. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of the Notes or, if obtained, that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
Furthermore, the EU Taxonomy Regulation, tasks the European Commission with 
establishing the actual list of environmentally sustainable activities by defining 
technical screening criteria for each of the six environmental objectives through 
delegated acts. A first delegated act on sustainable activities for the first two objectives 
(i.e., climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation) was formally adopted 
on 4 June 2021 for scrutiny by the colegislators, after a political agreement reached 
within the European Commission. On 9 December 2021, the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 concerning the technical screening criteria for determining 
the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially 
to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union. With respect to the remaining environmental 
objectives, a second delegated act is expected to be published in 2023. In addition, 
on 6 July 2021 the European Commission adopted the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
which was published on 10 December 2021 in the Official Journal of the European 
Union, aimed at specifying the content, methodology and presentation of information 
to be disclosed by financial and non-financial undertakings concerning the proportion 
of environmentally sustainable economic activities in their business, investments or 
lending activities. On 9 March 2022, the European Commission adopted a 
complementary climate delegated act including, under strict conditions, specific 
nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the EU

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
Taxonomy Regulation, published in the Official Journal on 15 July 2022 and which will 
apply as of January 2023.  
Furthermore, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on 
sustainable finance published its final report on a future European standard for green 
bonds (the “EU Green Bond Standard”). On 6 July 2021, the European Commission 
officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard setting out four 
main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the green bond should be made 
in compliance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation; (ii) full transparency on the allocation 
of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out 
by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and 
subjection to its supervision.  
Furthermore, on 6 April 2022 the European Commission adopted the Sustainable 
Finance Disclosure Regulation which apply from 1 January 2023.  
Furthermore, on 25 July 2022 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1288, 
supplementing the SFDR with regard to RTS specifying the details of the content and 
presentation of the information in relation to the principle of "do no significant harm", 
specifying the content, methodologies and presentation of information in relation to 
sustainability indicators and adverse sustainability impacts, and the content and 
presentation of the information in relation to the promotion of environmental or social 
characteristics and sustainable investment objectives in pre-contractual documents, 
on websites and in periodic reports (“SFDR RTS”), was published in the Official 
Journal. The new RTS apply from 1 January 2023. On 31 October 2022 the European 
Commission adopted a Delegated Regulation and Annexes amending and correcting 
the standards laid down in the SFDR RTS to ensure investors receive information 
reflecting provisions set out in the Taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act. 
The Delegated Regulation states that it will come into force on the third day after 
publication in the Official Journal. The Delegated Regulation has been published in 
the Official Journal on 17 February 2023. 
Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the EU 
Green Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and 
processes in the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework.  It is not 
clear if the establishment under the EU Green Bond Regulation of the EuGB label and 
the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" 
could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds 
bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional 
disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could 
result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price 
of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with those 
standards proposed under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
Notwithstanding the current legislative efforts on EU level regarding the regulation of 
sustainable finance it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established 
definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, respectively a "green" or a "social" or a “sustainable” project or as to what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or 
"social" or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given 
that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social or sustainable 
project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied 
will meet the investor expectations regarding such "green" or "social" or “sustainable” 
performance objectives. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds 
of any Notes issued as Social Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no 
assurance that the green, social or sustainable projects, as the case may be, will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for 
such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such green, social or sustainable 
projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure 
by the Issuer, including a failure to comply with its reporting obligations in relation to 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as applicable, will not constitute 
an Event of Default under the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds. 
The net proceeds of the issue of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds which, from time to time, are not allocated as funding for green, social or 
sustainable projects, as the case may be, are intended by the Issuer to be held 
pending allocation pursuant to the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework 
(as defined below). The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time 
green, social or sustainable projects, as the case may be, to allow for allocation of a 
sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds in full. 
Any failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or equivalent characteristics including the failure to apply proceeds for green, 
social or sustainable projects, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a so-called 
Second Party Opinion (as defined below), other third party opinion or certification, the 
Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or 
securities market as aforesaid or the failure by the Issuer to report on the use of 
proceeds as anticipated, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes 
as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate).  
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any 
other opinion or certification of any third party relating to any Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. 
It should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or 
sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the 
relevant green and/or social and/or sustainable project, as the case may be, have 
been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social 
and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with 
certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, 
a "Second Party Opinion"). A Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed 
or refinanced toward an amount corresponding to the net proceeds of the relevant 
issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A Second Party Opinion 
would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds 
or Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is 
released. A withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion may affect the value of such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable 
assets. In addition, no Dealer is responsible for (i) any assessment of the eligibility 
criteria attached to such green or social or sustainable project, (ii) any verification of 
whether the green or social or sustainable project meets the eligibility criteria set out 
in the Issuer's relevant bond framework, or (iii) the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are not 
linked to the performance of the eligible green, social and sustainable projects, 
do not benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes 
or any contractual rights derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of 
such Notes 
The performance of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds is not 
linked to the performance of the relevant eligible green, social and sustainable projects 
or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. 
There will be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and the eligible green, social and sustainable 
projects. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest and the 
operation of any other features (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the 
relevant eligible green project, eligible social project or eligible sustainable project (as 
the case may be) nor have any preferred or any other right against the green, social 
or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are to be applied.  
The Issuer believes that the risks described above are the principal risks 
inherent in the holding of Notes issued under Programme for holders of the 
Notes of any Series but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or repay 
principal on the Notes of any Series may occur for other reasons. While the 
various structural elements described in this Base Prospectus are intended to 
lessen some of these risks for holders of Notes of any Series, there can be no 
assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective to ensure payment 
to the holders of Notes of any Series of interest or principal on such Notes on a 
timely basis or at all.

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, the necessary information which is material to an investor for 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and 
the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different 
types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in 
this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating 
to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can 
only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus 
and which is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a 
Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for 
the purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read 
in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
described in the relevant Final Terms as amended or supplemented to the extent 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the 
case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context 
requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
Article 5 of Italian Law Decree No. 269 of 30 September 2003, as converted 
with amendments into Law No. 326 of 24 November 2003, pursuant to which 
the Issuer has been transformed into a joint stock company, incorporated by 
reference in its entirety; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Law-Decree-no.269-2003-
Art.5.PDF  
2. 
the by-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer, incorporated by reference in its entirety; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Statuto_CDP_15_02_2023_EN.
pdf 
3. 
 the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023 and 
the audited separate financial statements (including the auditor's report thereon) 
of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, all as included 
in the 2023 Annual Report; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/RFA_2023_Gruppo_CDP_PW_
ENG.pdf  
4. 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditor's report 
thereon) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022 and 
the audited separate financial statements (including the auditor's report thereon) 
of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022, all as included 
in the 2022 Annual Report; 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/RFA_2022_Gruppo_CDP_ENG.
pdf  
5. 
the previous Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2023 (the "2023 Base 
Prospectus") prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/CDP_Base_Prospectus_18-05-
2023.pdf 
This Base Prospectus will be available, in electronic format, on the website of the 
Euronext Dublin and at the following website: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/debt_issuance_programme.page 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the auditor’s report and for 
the balance sheet, the income statement, the statement of comprehensive income, 
the statement of changes in equity and the statement of cash flows, the notes to the 
financial statements in the Financial Statements above mentioned as set out in the 
Annual Reports published on the Issuer's website (www.cdp.it).

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents 
specified above which is not included in the cross-reference list in this Base 
Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
2023 Annual Report  
Separate financial 
statements 
Page 
Reference 
 
Consolidated financial 
statements 
Page 
Reference 
1. Balance sheet 
86-87 
 1. Consolidated 
balance sheet 
278-279 
2. Income statement 
88 
 2. Consolidated income 
statement 
280 
3. Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
89 
 3. Consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
281 
4. Statement 
of 
changes in equity 
90-91 
 4. Consolidated 
statement 
of 
changes in equity 
282-283 
5. Statement of cash 
flows 
92-93 
 5. Consolidated 
statement of cash 
flows 
284-285 
6. Notes 
to 
the 
separate financial 
statements 
94-242; 
578-
onwards  
 6. Notes 
to 
the 
consolidated 
financial statements 
286-569 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
Independent 
auditor’s report 
Page 
Reference  
 
Independent auditor’s 
report 
Page 
Reference 
 
 
 
 
 
Auditor’s report 
264-269 
 Auditor’s report 
570-576

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
2022 Annual Report 
Separate financial 
statements 
Page 
Reference 
 
Consolidated financial 
statements 
Page 
Reference 
1. Balance sheet 
94-95 
 1. Consolidated 
balance sheet 
326-327 
2. Income statement 
96 
 2. Consolidated income 
statement 
328 
3. Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
97 
 3. Consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income 
329 
4. Statement 
of 
changes in equity 
98-99 
 4. Consolidated 
statement 
of 
changes in equity 
330-331 
5. Statement of cash 
flows 
100-101 
 5. Consolidated 
statement of cash 
flows 
332-333 
6. Notes 
to 
the 
separate financial 
statements 
102-287; 
674 - 
onwards 
 6. Notes 
to 
the 
consolidated 
financial statements 
334-665 
 
 
  
 
Independent 
auditor’s report 
Page 
Reference  
 
Independent auditor’s 
report 
Page 
Reference 
 
 
 
 
 
Auditor’s report 
309-314 
 Auditor’s report 
666-672 
 
 
  
 
2023 Base Prospectus 
 
Page 
Reference 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
48-87 
 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agent (as defined herein), provide, 
free of charge, upon oral or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any 
document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). Written or telephone 
requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of the Paying 
Agent. 
The separate financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2023, 
and the consolidated financial statements of CDP Group for the year ended 31 
December 2023, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A (the "2023 Financial 
Statements"). 
The separate financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
and the consolidated financial statements of CDP Group for the year ended 31 
December 2022, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. (the "2022 Financial

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
Statements" and together with the 2023 Financial Statements, the "Financial 
Statements"). 
The foregoing Financial Statements, which attach those reports, are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The separate financial statements and the consolidated financial statements referred 
to above have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), 
including the SIC and IFRIC interpretations, endorsed by the European Union, as 
provided by Regulation (EC) No. 1606 of 19 July 2002, published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union L. 243 on 11 September 2002. 
To the extent applicable, the separate financial statements and the consolidated 
financial statements have been prepared on the basis of Circular No. 262 of the Bank 
of Italy of 22 December 2005 as amended, which establishes the mandatory financial 
statements formats and compilation procedures, and also the contents of the notes to 
the financial statements.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by 
the Issuer and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained 
in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable 
of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") 
which, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms will apply to each Series of Notes. 
In these Conditions, references to the "holder" of a Note or to "Noteholders" are to 
the beneficial owners of Notes issued in dematerialised form and evidenced in book 
entry form with Monte Titoli S.p.A. pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of Notes. Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") are intermediaries authorised to operate through Monte Titoli S.p.A.. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Programme: Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a 
Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to Euro 
15,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Notes. Such maximum 
amount may be increased at any time in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement (as defined below). 
1.2 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
"Series") comprised of one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes 
which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single Series and (b) 
have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the 
same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. Each Tranche is the 
subject of the Final Terms prepared in relation to such Tranche (each, the 
"Final Terms") which complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Series of Notes are these Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. 
1.3 
Agency Agreement: On 10 May 2024, the Issuer has entered into an amended 
and restated agency agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, the "Agency Agreement") with BNP Paribas as principal paying agent 
(the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression includes any successor 
principal paying agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), 
in relation to certain payment services in respect of the Notes. 
1.4 
The Notes: References herein to "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of 
the relevant Series which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of 
the relevant Final Terms (where Notes the subject thereof are listed on the 
Official List of the Euronext Dublin) are available for inspection by Noteholders 
during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Listing Agent, the 
initial Specified Office of which is Walkers Listing Services Limited, 5th Floor, 
The Exchange, George’s Dock, IFSC, Dublin 1, Ireland. 
1.5 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the 
Agency Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of 
the Notes are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of the Paying Agent, the initial Specified Offices of which are 
set out below. 
1.6 
Rules of Organisation of Noteholders: The rights and powers of the Noteholders 
may only be exercised in accordance with the relevant rules of organisation of 
Noteholders attached to the Agency Agreement (respectively, the "Rules of 
Organisation") which are deemed to form part of these Conditions. The 
Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have 
the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Rules of Organisation. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of 
which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each 
Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Article 5" means article 5 of Italian Law Decree No. 269 of 30 September 2003 
(as converted with amendments into Law No. 326 of 24 November 2003), as 
subsequently amended and restated; 
"CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation" means the regulation issued jointly 
by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented; 
"Business Day" means (other than in respect of Notes for which the Reference 
Rate is specified as SOFR in the relevant Final Terms): 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
generally in London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant 
currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the 
meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different dates 
and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date 
shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified 
Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day save in respect of Notes for 
which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment 
Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue 
during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment 
Date; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date 
shall be brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which 
numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar 
month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which any such date should occur, then such date will 
be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then such date will be the first following day which 
is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, 
in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar 
month which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates 
will be the last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month 
which is the specified number of months after the calendar month 
in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention;

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
"Calculation Agent" means the entity specified in the relevant Final Terms to 
act as calculation agent in respect of the relevant Notes pursuant to the 
Conditions, the relevant Final Terms and the Agency Agreement; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cap" means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as 
a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Rate 1" and "CMS Rate 2" shall mean the CMS Rate with a particular 
Designated Maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where 
the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five major 
banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is 
United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five major banks in 
the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five major banks in 
the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for 
any period of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may 
be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Regular Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, 
the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Regular Period in which it begins divided by 
the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the next Regular Period divided by the product of 
(a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and 
(2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the 31 day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month 
of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
and 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the date of final 
maturity is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month 
of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
"Dealer Agreement" means the dealer agreement entered into on 10 May 2024 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time) by the Issuer, the Dealers and 
the Representative of the Noteholders setting out the terms of issue of any 
Series of Notes and the terms of appointment of the Representative of the 
Noteholders in respect of each such Series, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given thereto in the Rules of 
Organisation; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount, subject to any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
"Floor" means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any 
obligation of another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without 
limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other 
securities or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for 
the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of 
such Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(ii) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts 
which would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iv) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or 
services the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 
days; and 
(v) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, 
any forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect 
of a borrowing. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means, in relation to any Series or Tranche 
of Notes, the Issue Date of such Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, 
if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the 
same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention;

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional 
booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Legislative Decree No. 58" means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as subsequently amended; 
"Leverage" means a percentage number as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Margin" means a percentage per annum as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given thereto in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given thereto in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A. (commercially named Euronext 
Securities Milan), with registered office and principal place of business at 
Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy, or any successor clearing system 
thereto; 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli 
and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined 
in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined 
in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given thereto in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given thereto in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European 
Communities which adopts the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with 
the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are 
open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET 
Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not Euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are 
open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint 
venture, association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, 
whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member 
State of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) 
by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or 
Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice to be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the 
Noteholder;

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per 
annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put), or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the market 
that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the 
next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the 
first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling 
in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular 
Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the 
end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) 
the date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full 
amount payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the 
Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section 
or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means,  
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of 
a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal 
to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Representative of the Noteholders" means BNP Paribas as representative 
of the Noteholders of a relevant Series of Notes, appointed in the Subscription 
Agreement entered into in relation to each Series of Notes pursuant to the 
Dealer Agreement and set out in the relevant Final Terms, or any successor 
thereto appointed in accordance with the Rules of Organisation; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security 
interest including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing 
under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given thereto in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any 
particular time, any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to 
control, whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to 
appoint or remove members of the governing body of the second Person 
or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and 
generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the 
first Person; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro;  
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, 
or any successor system; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as 
amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
2.2 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption 
Amount, any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be 
payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect 
of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts in respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 
(Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definition) to have the 
meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final 
Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not 
applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(v) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a 
reference to the Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
(vi) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary 
legislation or regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant 
to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, 
amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
3.1 
Form: The Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in dematerialised form 
on behalf of the beneficial owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holders as of their respective date of issue. Monte Titoli 
shall act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
3.2 
Book entries: The Notes will at all times be evidenced by book-entries pursuant 
to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 and in accordance with 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. No physical document of title will be 
issued in respect of the Notes. 
3.3 
Denomination: The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series of Notes will have one denomination 
only. 
3.4 
Types of Notes: The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, 
Zero Coupon Notes, Partly Paid Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among 
themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
5.1 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
5.2 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their principal amount (or, if they 
are Partly Paid Notes, on the aggregate amount paid up) from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will 
cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (as well after as 
before judgment) until the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder. 
5.3 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the 
Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed 
Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
5.4 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of 
each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the principal amount of such Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the 
aggregate amount paid up) multiplying the product for such Interest Period by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose 
a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
6.1 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
6.2 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest on their nominal amount (or, if they 
are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 6.2 (as well after as before judgment) until the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf 
of the relevant Noteholder. 
6.3 
Screen Rate Determination (other than CMS Linked Interest Notes): If Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 6.13 
(Benchmark Discontinuation), be (other than in respect of Notes for which 
SONIA and/or SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied 
by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in 
the case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or 
if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined;

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine 
a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the 
sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period for which such rate or arithmetic 
mean was determined. 
6.4 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: Where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6.13 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be: 
(a) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(b) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x CMS Rate 
(c) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate 2" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x CMS Rate + Margin 
(d) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(i) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 
or 
(ii) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
Leverage x [(Min (CMS Rate 1; Cap – CMS Rate 2)] + Margin

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
(e) 
where "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
Leverage x Min [Max (CMS Rate + Margin; Floor); Cap] 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial basis as considered 
appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance 
with standard market practice. 
6.5 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(a) 
This Condition 6.5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(b) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.5: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x D
𝑑𝑑 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including , the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
(d) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA 
Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation), 
be:  
(i)  
(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(ii)  
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
(e) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 6.5, the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
(f) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events 
of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the 
definition specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes 
became due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long 
as the Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date. 
6.6 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(a) 
This Condition 6.6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(b) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In no event will the Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.6: 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 6.6.  
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
 
where:  
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360);

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such 
period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i)  
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); or

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
(ii)  
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities; 
(d) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation 
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to 
the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the 
Notes or any other party.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily 
SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i)  
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator 
of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative;

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence 
of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and 
(ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the 
Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(e) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under this Condition 6.6 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to 
the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent or any other party specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest 
and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes 
take effect.  
6.7 
ISDA Determination:  
(a) 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the ISDA Definitions and under which, if the Final Terms specify either "2006 
ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) if the relevant Floating Rate Option 
is based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR) for a

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 6.7 shall have 
the meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
6.8 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate 
of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
6.9 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in 
relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount of such Note (or, if it is a Partly Paid Note, the aggregate 
amount paid up) during such Interest Period and multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit rounded upwards). For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Note is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the 
amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
6.10 Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any 
other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is, 
as the case may be, to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
6.11 Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and 
any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant 
payment date(s) to be notified in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) to the 
Paying Agent, the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders, the Euronext 
Dublin or each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate 
of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period and, through the Issuer, to 
Monte Titoli. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). The Calculation Agent will be entitled 
to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest 
Period.

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
6.12 Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of this Condition 6 by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the other Paying Agent(s), the 
Representative of the Noteholders and the Noteholders (subject as aforesaid) 
and no liability to any such person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
6.13 Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6, if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR) at any time when these Conditions provide for any 
remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, or, alternatively, if there is 
no such Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 6.13 (iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 6.13(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.13 shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in 
consultation with the Issuer and (in the absence of bad faith, fraud or 
gross negligence) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with to the operation of this 
Condition 6.13. 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6.13 (iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 6.13); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 6.13 (iii)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6.13). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be for each subsequent determination 
of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6.13 
and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions (including without limitation, amendments to the definitions of 
Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Relevant Screen Page, Interest 
Determination Date, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Reference Banks, Principal Financial Centre, Business Day Convention 
or Additional Business Centre) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, and 
subject to the Issuer giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
6.13 (v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
6.13 (iv), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or 
other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: The Issuer shall notify the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent or any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and, in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
6.13. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest, the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations 
of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 6.13, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.3 
will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred 
and only then once the Paying Agents and Calculation Agent or such 
other party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, have 
been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark 
Amendments (if applicable) in accordance with Condition 6.13 (v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) pursuant 
to this Condition 6.13 by such Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6.13 shall apply to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any 
subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6.13. 
(viii) 
Definitions: In this Condition 6.13: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, zero or 
negative), or the quantum of the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines should be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, quantum formula or methodology which: 
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(C)  
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate to the 
Original Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with Condition 6.13 (ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate 
in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) or if no such rate exists, the rate which is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate, for a comparable interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.13 (iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period 
of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to 
do so by a specified future date; 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has 
been, or will, by a specified future date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means that the Original Reference 
Rate will, by a specified future date, be prohibited from being used

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, the 
Original Reference Rate is or will by a specified future date be no 
longer representative of an underlying market or (ii) the 
methodology to calculate such Original Reference Rate has 
materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has, or will, by a specified date within the following six months, 
become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or 
such other party as specified in the relevant Final Terms to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant 
Benchmark Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), 
(C), (D), or (E) above and the specified future date in the public 
statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur 
until the date falling six months prior to such specified future date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
international capital markets expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
6.13 at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate 
used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the Original Reference 
Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof; and

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
7.1 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
7.2 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to 
the Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder. 
8. 
Partly Paid Notes Provisions 
Accrual of interest: In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid 
Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest will accrue on the paid-up 
aggregate nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
9.1 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). 
9.2 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and the Representative of the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, 
if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts 
as provided or referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the relevant Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 
60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Representative of the Noteholders (A) a certificate 
signed by a senior officer of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of 
and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice 
as is referred to in this Condition 9.2, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 9.2. 
9.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders and the Representative of the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such 
date). 
9.4 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 9.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be divided among all the Noteholders 
of the relevant Series pro rata to the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
then held by the individual Noteholders.

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
9.5 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to 
exercise the option contained in this Condition 9.5, the holder of a Note must, 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent, with a copy to the 
Issuer and the Representative of the Noteholders, a duly completed irrevocable 
Put Option Notice in the form attached to the Agency Agreement. Upon delivery 
of a Put Option Notice and up to and including the Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), no transfer of title to the Note(s) for which the Put Option Notice will be 
allowed. At least 5 Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent shall notify Monte Titoli of the amount 
of Notes to be redeemed on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) and the 
aggregate Optional Redemption Amount (Put). 
9.6 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes 
otherwise than as provided in paragraphs 9.1 to 9.5 above. 
9.7 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero 
Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to 
the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which the Note becomes due and payable. 
9.8 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number 
of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be 
made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9.8 or, if none is so specified, a Day 
Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
9.9 
Redemption of Partly Paid Notes: If the Notes are Partly Paid Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, they will be redeemed, 
whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 9 and the applicable Final Terms. 
9.10 Purchase: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the 
option of the Issuer, cancelled.  
9.11 Cancellation: All Notes which are redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with 
this Condition 9 shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
10. 
Payments 
10.1 Principal and interest: Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be credited, according to the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the relevant 
Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer to the accounts of those banks and 
authorised brokers whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those 
Notes and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such 
aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those 
Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those 
Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
10.2 Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are 
subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 
(Taxation), and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
10.3 Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment 
in respect of any such delay. 
10.4 Principal Paying Agent: The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and to appoint another 
Principal Paying Agent. The Issuer will cause at least 30 days' prior notice of 
any replacement of the Principal Paying Agent to be given in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). 
11. 
Taxation 
11.1 Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the 
Issuer, shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy, 
as the case may be, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result 
in the receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received 
by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note: 
(i) 
held by a relevant holder or beneficial owner of the Notes which is liable 
to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect 
of such Note by reason of its having some connection with the Republic

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
of Italy (including, by way of example, being a resident of the Republic 
of Italy) other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
(ii) 
held by any Noteholder who would be entitled to avoid such withholding 
or deduction by making a declaration of residence or non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption and fails to do so in due time; 
(iii) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on principal, interest or other 
proceeds of any Note on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239, as amended or supplemented from 
time to time; 
(iv) 
in relation to any payments to be requested more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder would have 
been entitled to such additional amounts if it had requested such 
payment in respect of such Note on the last day of such period of 30 
days; 
(v) 
if such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto; 
(vi) 
in relation to any payment to be requested in the Republic of Italy;  
(vii) 
in respect of any Note where such withholding or deduction is required 
pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time; and 
(viii) 
any combination of items (i) through (vii). 
11.2 Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy references in these Conditions to the 
Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or 
such other jurisdiction. 
12. 
Events of Default 
12.1 If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is 
continuing, then the Representative of the Noteholders at its discretion may and, 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of all outstanding Series of Notes, 
shall (subject, in the case of the occurrence of any of the events mentioned in 
paragraph (b) (Breach of other obligations) below, to the Representative of the 
Noteholders having certified in writing that the happening of such event is in its 
opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and, in all cases, 
to the Representative of the Noteholders having been indemnified or provided 
with security to its satisfaction), give written notice to the Issuer declaring the 
Notes to be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become 
immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with accrued 
interest without further action or formality:

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect 
of the Notes within 10 days, or fails to pay any amount of interest in 
respect of the Notes within 30 days, in each case, of the due date for 
payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other material obligations under or in respect of 
the Notes and such default (i) is, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Noteholders, incapable of remedy or (ii) being a default which is, in 
the opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders, capable of remedy 
remains unremedied for 90 days or such longer period as the 
Representative of the Noteholders may agree upon with the Issuer, after 
the Representative of the Noteholders has given written notice thereof 
to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer: 
(1) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer which, taken individually or in the 
aggregate, exceeds EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency or currencies) (i) is not paid when due or (as the 
case may be) within any applicable grace period, or (ii) becomes 
due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of default 
(howsoever described) by the Issuer; or 
(2) 
the Issuer fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under 
any Guarantee of any Indebtedness, taken individually or in the 
aggregate, in excess of EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more judgment(s) or order(s) from which 
no further appeal or judicial review is permissible under applicable law 
for the payment of any amount/an amount in excess of Euro 10,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), in aggregate, is 
rendered against the Issuer and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed 
for a period of 60 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein 
specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, 
manager or other similar officer is appointed, of the whole or a 
substantial (in the opinion of the Representative of the Noteholders) part 
of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, and such taking 
of possession or appointment is not terminated within 90 days of the date 
hereof; or 
(f) 
Insolvency: the Issuer: 
(1) 
 is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(2) 
becomes subject to any bankruptcy, compulsory liquidation, or 
otherwise becomes subject to or initiates or consents to judicial or 
administrative proceedings under any applicable insolvency, 
liquidation, composition, or other similar laws; or

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
(3) 
ceases generally to pay its debts or admits in writing its inability to 
pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(4) 
enters into, or passes any resolution for, or becomes subject to 
any order by any competent court or administrative agency, or 
takes any action in relation to: 
(A) 
any arrangement with its creditors generally or any calls of 
creditors; or 
(B) 
the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, 
administrator, trustee, or other similar official in relation to 
the Issuer of the whole or substantially the whole of its 
undertakings or assets; or 
(g) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than 
for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(h) 
Unlawfulness: it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes; or 
(i) 
Corporate Reorganisation: the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to 
carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for (i) the 
purposes of a reorganisation, restructuring, merger, amalgamation 
transfer or contribution of assets or other similar transaction on terms 
approved by the Representative of the Noteholders or (ii) the purposes 
of a Permitted Reorganisation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
Permitted Reorganisation means, in respect of the Issuer, an 
amalgamation, 
merger, 
spin-off, 
reconstruction, 
reorganisation, 
restructuring, transfer or contribution of assets or other similar 
transaction (a relevant transaction) whilst solvent and whereby: 
(a) 
to the extent that the Issuer is not a surviving entity, the resulting 
company is a Successor in Business of the Issuer. Successor in 
Business means, in relation to the Issuer, any company which, 
as a result of relevant transaction, (i) assumes the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes, and (ii) carries on, as a 
successor to the Issuer, the whole or substantially the whole of 
the business carried on by the Issuer immediately prior thereto 
and (iii) beneficially owns the whole or substantially the whole of 
the undertaking, property and assets owned by the Issuer 
immediately prior thereto, or (iv) where item (ii) or (iii) is not 
complied with, no Rating Agency has announced a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of the Successor in Business or the Notes 
during the 90-day period following the announcement of a 
definitive agreement in respect of the relevant transaction, in each 
case to the extent ratings are assigned at the relevant time; or

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
(b) 
to the extent that the Issuer is the surviving entity, the relevant 
transaction has no material adverse effect on the ability of the 
Issuer to perform all its liabilities (payment and otherwise) in 
respect of all then existing obligations of the Issuer of the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, "material adverse effect" will 
be deemed not to have occurred where no Rating Agency has 
announced a Rating Downgrade in respect of the Issuer or the 
Notes during the 90-day period following the announcement of a 
definitive agreement in respect of the relevant transaction, in each 
case to the extent ratings are assigned at the relevant time. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited Sede Secondaria Italiana or 
any of its subsidiaries or their successors; 
"Rating Agency" means any of S&P, Fitch and Scope; 
"Rating Date" means the date falling one business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in London) prior to 
the public announcement of a definitive agreement in respect of the 
relevant transaction; 
"Rating Downgrade" means that the rating of the Notes or the Issuer 
which was assigned or existing as of the Rating Date by any Rating 
Agency is downgraded by at least one rating category below such rating 
of the Notes or, as appropriate, of the Issuer by such Rating Agency, 
and the official statement issued by such Rating Agency announcing the 
Rating Downgrade refers to the relevant transaction as a reason, in 
whole or in part, for such downgrade; 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of the 
McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or their 
successors; 
"Scope" means Scope Ratings GmbH or any of its subsidiaries or their 
successors; or 
(j) 
Failure to Take Action: at any time any act, condition or thing which is 
required to be done, fulfilled or performed by the Issuer in order (i) to 
enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights under and 
perform the obligations expressed to be assumed by it under and in 
respect of the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable or (iii) to make the Notes admissible in evidence 
in the Republic of Italy, is not done, fulfilled or performed. 
13. 
Enforcement 
13.1 No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer to enforce its rights 
under the Notes unless the relevant action has been previously approved at a 
Meeting of the holders of all outstanding Series of Notes and the relevant 
Representative of the Noteholders has failed to take such action within a 
reasonable period of time. Following the service of a notice of occurrence of an 
Event of Default, the Representative of the Noteholders, in its capacity as legal

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
representative of the Noteholders, shall be entitled, pursuant to articles 1411 
and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, and subject to being previously indemnified 
and secured to its or their satisfaction by the Noteholders, to commence any 
action against the Issuer in the interest of the Noteholders. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modifications, Consents and Waivers; the 
Representative of the Noteholders 
14.1 Meetings of Noteholders: The Rules of Organisation scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement contain provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of a modification of the Notes 
(including these Conditions). 
14.2 Regard to Noteholders: The Representative of the Noteholders of each Series 
of Notes is required, in connection with the exercise of its powers, authorities, 
duties and discretions under or in relation to the relevant Notes (including these 
Conditions), to have regard to the interests of the Noteholders, it shall have 
regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and, in particular but 
without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall not have regard to, or 
be in any way liable for, the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Noteholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, 
or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory and the Representative of the Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any 
other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence 
of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders. 
14.3 Appointment of the Representative of the Noteholders: The appointment of the 
Representative of the Noteholders is made in the relevant Subscription 
Agreement in connection with any issue of Notes pursuant to the Dealer 
Agreement and confirmed in the relevant Final Terms. Each Noteholder is 
deemed to accept such appointment. The Representative of the Noteholders 
may be replaced in accordance with the provisions set out in the Rules of 
Organisation. 
14.4 Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended with the 
consent of the Representative of the Noteholders but, without the need of 
convening a meeting of the relevant Noteholders (albeit without prejudice to the 
right of the Representative of the Noteholders to call such a meeting) to correct 
a manifest error or to effect a modification which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
14.5 For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall not require the consent or 
approval of Noteholders. 
15. 
Prescription 
15.1 Claims against the Issuer for payments in respect of the Notes shall be 
prescribed and shall become void unless made within ten years (in the case of

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the Relevant Date in respect 
thereof. 
15.2 In this Condition 15, the "Relevant Date", in respect of a Note, is the date on 
which a payment in respect thereof first becomes due and payable or (if the full 
amount of the monies payable in respect of all Notes and accrued on or before 
that date has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Representative of the Noteholders on or prior to such date) the date on which 
notice that the full amount of such monies has been received is duly given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
16. 
Agents 
16.1 In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the 
Paying Agent act solely as agent of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Noteholders. 
16.2 The initial Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer and its initial specified office is 
listed below. The Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Paying Agent and to appoint a successor paying agent or 
Principal Paying Agent and additional or successor paying agents, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain: 
(a) 
a Principal Paying Agent in Italy whilst the Notes are deposited with 
Monte Titoli; 
(b) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any 
particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its 
specified office in the place required by such listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(c) 
a Calculation Agent in relation to each Series of Notes. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent or 
in their specified offices shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
17. 
Further Issues 
17.1 The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest 
and the issue price) so as to form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
Notices 
18.1 Publication: Any notice regarding the Notes, as long as the Notes are held 
through Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to have been duly given through the

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
systems of Monte Titoli, and, as long as the Notes are listed on the Euronext 
Dublin and the rules of such exchange so require, if published on the Euronext 
Dublin website www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is 
made in the manner required in one of the newspapers referred to above. 
18.2 Variation: The Representative of the Noteholders shall be at liberty to sanction 
some other method of giving notice to Noteholders of the relevant Series if, in 
its or their opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market 
practice then prevailing and to the rules of the stock exchange on which the 
Notes are then listed and provided that notice of such other method is given to 
the Noteholders in such manner as the Representative of the Noteholders shall 
require. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
19.1 If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the 
"first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such 
order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining 
an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each 
Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the 
rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the 
first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at 
which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in 
satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer 
and shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen 
amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards 
to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards.

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
21. 
Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning 
21.1 Application: This Condition 21 is applicable to the Notes only if it is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
21.2 Notice of redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, 
announces its intention to become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior 
notice to the Noteholders and the Paying Agent, designate a date (the 
"Redenomination Date"), being an Interest Payment Date under the Notes 
falling on or after the date on which such country becomes a Participating 
Member State. 
21.3 Redenomination: Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with 
effect from the Redenomination Date: 
(i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into Euro in the 
denomination of Euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal 
to the principal amount of that Note in the Specified Currency, converted 
into Euro at the rate for conversion of such currency into Euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty 
(including compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with 
European Community regulations); provided, however, that, if the Issuer 
determines, with the agreement of the Principal Paying Agent then 
market practice in respect of the redenomination into Euro 0.01 of 
internationally offered securities is different from that specified above, 
such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with 
such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, 
each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the 
Redenomination Date is on or after such date as the Specified Currency 
ceases to be a sub-division of the Euro, payments of interest in respect 
of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date) will be made 
solely in Euro by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of any Member State 
of the European Communities. 
21.4 Interest Determination Date: If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, with effect from the Redenomination Date the 
Interest Determination date shall be deemed to be the second TARGET 
Settlement Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
22.1 Governing law: The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy.

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
22.2 Jurisdiction: The courts of Rome are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising from or connected with the Notes.

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS3 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive") , where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 , where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
 
 
3 In case of an issuance of unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on a regulated market (including 
any Final Terms to be prepared solely for the purposes of listing Notes on ExtraMOT PRO), such Final Terms 
will not fall under the Prospectus Regulation and all Prospectus Regulation language will be removed from the 
relevant Final Terms accordingly.

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification - Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 81560029E2CE4D14F425 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated 10 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] [and [●]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended and supplemented) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].]

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
[Full information on the Issuer and the Notes described herein is only available on the 
basis of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing on the website of CDP, www.cdp.it, as well as on the 
website of the Euronext Dublin, www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin. Copies may 
be obtained from the Issuer during normal business hours at Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome, 
Italy.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2023. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and 
supplemented) and, save in respect of the Conditions, must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and supplemented). The Conditions are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing on the website of CDP www.cdp.it, as well as on the 
website of the Euronext Dublin, www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin. Copies may 
be obtained from the Issuer during normal business hours at Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome, 
Italy]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note 
that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is 
indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)]  
Series Number: 
[●] 
[(ii)  
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(iii)  Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [Tranche [●]] of [Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date] 
2. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes:

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
[(i)]  
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii)  
Tranche: 
[●]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
[(i)]  
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA and which have 
a maturity of less than one year must 
have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies)) 
[(ii)]  Calculation Amount: 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. If 
more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. There 
must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
[(ii)]  Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
[●] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes 
Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]] 
[[EURIBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR] [+/– [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest Rate] 
(see paragraph [13/14/15] below) 
9. 
Change of Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify the date when any change from 
fixed to floating rate or vice versa occurs

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there) 
10
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(see paragraph [15/16] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
11
Partly Paid: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph 22 below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date] 
(ii)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to, and including, the 
Maturity Date (Amend appropriately in the 
case of irregular coupons) [, adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (vii) below /not 
adjusted] 
(iii)  
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv)  
Fixed Coupon Amount for a  
short or long Interest Period 
("Broken Amount(s)"): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]) 
(v)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365] / 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]  
(vi)  
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual ([ICMA)) 
(vii)  Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ Not Applicable] 
13
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)  
Interest Period(s) 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (iii) below/not adjusted] 
(ii)  
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (iii) below/not adjusted] 
(iii)  
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iv)  
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
(v)  
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(vi)  
Calculation 
Agent 
responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[●] 
(vii)  Screen Rate Determination:  
● 
Reference Rate: 
[For example, EURIBOR, SONIA, or 
SOFR]/[CMS Reference Rate/Leveraged 
CMS Reference Rate/Leveraged CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
2/Steepner 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call 
CMS 
Reference Rate] 
• Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift]

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
• Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/Not 
Applicable] 
• Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days 
/Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified 
for the Lag Period or Observation Shift 
Period, unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
• D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Currency: [●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: [●]/[The CMS Rate 
having a Designated Maturity of [●] shall 
be "CMS Rate 1" and the CMS Rate 
having a Designated Maturity of [●] shall 
be "CMS Rate 2"] 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify 
the Designated Maturity for each relevant 
CMS Rate) 
● 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest 
Note, specify relevant screen page and 
any applicable headings and captions) 
● 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is euro): [Second 
day on which the T2 system is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is other than euro):

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
[Second (specify type of day) prior to the 
start of each Interest Period] 
● 
Relevant Time: 
[For 
example, 
11.00 
a.m. 
London 
time/Brussels time] 
● 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised 
of the countries whose lawful currency is 
the euro)] 
● 
Cap: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
● 
Floor: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
● 
Leverage: 
[[●] per cent.] 
(viii)  ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period. In the 
case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, if 
based on euro then the first day of each 
Interest Period and if otherwise to be 
checked) 
(ix)  
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent per annum 
(x)  
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0] / [●] per cent per annum 
(xi)  
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum 
(xii)  Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365] / 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]  
14
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
(i)  
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
(ii)  
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(iii)  
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] / [Actual/365] / 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii)  
Redemption in part 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Agent 
or 
the 
Representative of the Noteholders) 
16
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent or Representative of 
the Noteholders) 
17
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note 
The principal amount of each Note, being 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
18
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of 
default or other early redemption: 
[[Not Applicable] / [[●] per Calculation 
Amount]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
19
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not the end dates 
of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest] 
21
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition [●]] apply] 
22
Details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes (amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to 
be made and consequences (if 
any) of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due on late 
payment): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(N.B. Note that payments of the Issue 
Price in relation to Partly Paid Notes will 
be effected in a maximum of 10 
instalments during a maximum period of 
3 months from the Issue Date) 
23
[Representative 
of 
the 
Noteholders] 
[BNP Paribas]/[●]]

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)  
Listing: 
[The Official List of Euronext Dublin] / 
[and] 
[the 
professional 
segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading 
facility 
(ExtraMOT 
Market) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.] / [None] 
(ii)  
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made [is expected 
to be made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the [Regulated Market of the Euronext 
Dublin] [and] [the professional segment 
(ExtraMOT PRO) of the multi-lateral 
trading 
facility 
(ExtraMOT 
Market) 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.] 
with 
effect 
from 
[●].] 
[Not 
Applicable.] 
(iii)  
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/have 
not been/are expected to be] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [•]] 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
[Scope [•]] 
 
[[•] [•]] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation including option to refer to 
any endorsement or certification under 
the UK CRA Regulation. 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
(UK).] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, but that has applied for 
registration. Details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"), although notification of the

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent 
authority]/[European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
that [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, 
not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, and has not applied for 
registration, and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the EEA and is neither 
registered 
nor 
has 
it 
applied 
for

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and is neither registered nor has it applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
that [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation (UK)").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK – 
including option to refer to any 
endorsement or certification under the 
EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is 
established in the UK and registered

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
[[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on [UK 
FCA's Financial Services Register]. [The 
rating that [insert legal name of particular 
UK credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of EU credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal 
name of particular UK credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation)").] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular UK credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation 
(EU). 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the 
EEA but the relevant rating is endorsed 
by a CRA which is established and 
registered 
under 
the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but the rating it has 
given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of EU credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") [and] [insert legal

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
name of UK credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
Option 6 – CRA not established in the 
EEA 
and 
relevant 
rating 
is 
not 
endorsed 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
but CRA is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation AND/OR the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA but is certified 
under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") [and] [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
Option 7 – CRA neither established in 
the EEA nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in either the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below:] 
"[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)"] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to 
whether such matters described constitute “significant new factors” and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[See 
"Use 
of 
Proceeds" 
in 
Base 
Prospectus] / [Green Bonds] / [Social 
Bonds] / [Sustainability Bonds] (If the 
Notes are Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds describe the relevant 
projects to which the net proceeds of the 
Tranche of Notes will be applied or make 
reference to the relevant bond framework 
to which the net proceeds of the Tranche 
of Notes will be applied.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATE (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg]. / [Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●]

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Monte 
Titoli, 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking Société Anonyme and the 
relevant identification number(s) 
and addresses: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Dealers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses 
and underwriting commitments] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and 
addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on 
a "best efforts" basis if such entities are 
not the same as the Dealers.) 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/ give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/ give name and address] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling restriction: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; 
TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
9. 
CORPORATE AUTHORISATIONS 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] [registered with the Companies' 
Registry of [Rome] on [●] [and [●], 
respectively] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes)

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
10. BENCHMARK 
 
(i) 
Benchmarks Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the 
Notes are calculated by reference to 
[EURIBOR] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR] 
[insert 
name[s] of benchmark(s)], which [is/are] 
provided by  [European Money Markets 
Institute] [Bank of England] [Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York] [insert 
name[s] of the administrator[s] – if more 
than one specify in relation to each 
relevant benchmark]. 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]:  
As at the date hereof, [European Money 
Markets Institute] [Bank of England] 
[Federal Reserve Bank of New York] 
[Benchmark administrator] [appears] / 
[does not appear] on the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority pursuant to article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 
(the 
"Benchmarks 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, 
EITHER 
[European 
Money 
Markets Institute] [Bank of England] 
[Federal Reserve Bank of New York]  
[[Benchmark administrator] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation] 
OR 
[the 
transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[European Money Markets Institute] [Bank 
of England] [Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York] [Benchmark administrator] is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union or the United 
Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)].]]

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
DESCRIPTION OF CASSA DEPOSITI E PRESTITI S.P.A. 
INTRODUCTION 
Cassa depositi e prestiti società per azioni (“CDP” or the “Issuer”) is a joint stock 
company (società per azioni) incorporated on 12 December 2003 under the laws of 
the Republic of Italy. The registered office of CDP and its principal place of business 
is Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome, Italy, telephone number +39 06 42211. CDP is enrolled 
in the Register of Companies of Rome with registration number and fiscal code 
80199230584. 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/homepage.page. The 
information on the website of the issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, 
unless expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
CDP’s shares are not listed on any stock exchange.  
The credit ratings assigned to CDP are: 
i. 
BBB by S&P; 
ii. 
BBB by Fitch Ratings; 
iii. 
BBB+ by Scope; 
iv. 
Baa3 (Unsolicited) by Moody’s. 
Each of the above is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and appears on the latest update of 
the 
list 
of 
registered 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website: 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation.  
(i) ‘BBB’ by S&P indicates that the Issuer exhibits adequate capacity to meet financial 
commitments, but more subject to adverse economic conditions; (ii) ‘BBB’ by Fitch 
Ratings indicates that expectations of default risk are currently low and that the 
capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse 
business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity; (iii) “BBB+” by 
Scope reflects an opinion of good credit quality; and (iv) ‘Baa’ by Moody’s France SAS 
(“Moody’s”) indicates that the issuer’s debt securities are subject to moderate credit 
risk. The modifier “3” indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Tranche of 
Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
HISTORY 
CDP is the company resulting from the transformation of the Cassa depositi e prestiti 
– a national public body (amministrazione dello Stato) - into joint stock companies, 
pursuant to Law Decree No. 269 of 30 September 2003 ("Law Decree 269"). Law No. 
1270 of 17 May 1863 originally established Cassa depositi e prestiti through the 
merger of several financial institutions into the Public Debt General Department 
(Direzione Generale del Debito Pubblico). As such, for approximately one century, 
Cassa depositi e prestiti was a general department of the Ministry of Treasury of the 
Republic of Italy. However, Cassa depositi e prestiti maintained its financial and 
accounting autonomy from the Italian State. Pursuant to Law No. 197 of 13 May 1983 
("Law 197"), the General Department was abolished and Cassa depositi e prestiti was 
set up as an independent administration (amministrazione autonoma). Legislative 
Decree No. 284 of 30 July 1999 reformed Cassa depositi e prestiti and classified it as 
a national public body (amministrazione dello Stato) with legal status and regulatory, 
organisational, economic and accounting autonomy. 
Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 1, of Law Decree 269, Cassa depositi e prestiti was 
transformed and incorporated, as of 12 December 2003, as a joint stock company 
under the name "Cassa depositi e prestiti società per azioni" and all assets, liabilities, 
rights and obligations previously owned by or owed to Cassa depositi e prestiti were 
transferred to CDP, with the exception of certain assets and liabilities which were 
transferred to the MEF, in accordance with the provisions of Article 5. 
The duration of CDP, pursuant to article 4 of CDP's by-laws, is set until 31 December 
2100, unless otherwise extended by shareholders' resolution. In 2015, CDP was 
appointed as a National Promotional Bank (Istituto Nazionale di Promozione) by the 
Italian government, pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 826 of Law No. 208 of 28 
December 2015 (the "Stability Law 2016") and applicable EU legislation. 
REGULATION 
CDP operates in accordance with Italian law and in particular is mainly regulated by 
to the following laws and regulatory provisions: 
(i) 
Article 5 of Law Decree 269 setting out, inter alia, (a) the corporate purpose of 
CDP, (b) the structure of its financial management strategy, and (c) the special 
powers vested in the MEF in respect of CDP; 
(ii) 
the provisions of Title V of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
as amended (the “Banking Act”) as set out for intermediaries registered in the 
register established under Article 106 of the Banking Act, taking into 
consideration the characteristics of CDP and the special regulation of the 
Separate Account System;

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
(iii) 
the provisions of the Italian Civil Code applicable to Italian companies, to the 
extent and in relation to aspects that are not regulated by special provisions 
regarding CDP; and 
(iv) 
the decrees of the MEF regarding, inter alia, CDP's share capital, its 
shareholdings, the special powers assigned to CDP, the latter's assets and 
liabilities and its business activities (including without limitation, the ministerial 
decrees respectively dated 5 December 2003, 18 June 2004, 6 October 2004, 
27 January 2005, 12 March 2009, 22 January 2010, 3 May 2011 and 12 April 
2016). 
GROUP STRUCTURE 
CDP is the main shareholder of certain major Italian companies operating in Italy and 
abroad. The following chart shows the structure of CDP's holdings as of 31 December 
2023:

--- Page 125 ---
Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A.
Open Fiber Holdings S.p.A.
Mozart Holdco S.p.A.
Kedrion Holding S.p.A.
CDPE Investimenti S.p.A.
Eni S.p.A.
Poste Italiane S.p.A.
Telecom Italia S.p.A.
Istituto della Enciclopedia 
Italiana fondata da 
Giovanni Treccani S.p.A.(a)
Istituto per il Credito 
Sportivo 
Elite S.p.A. 
Redo SGR S.p.A. European 
Investment Fund
Rocco Forte Hotels Ltd
Valvitalia Finanziaria S.p.A.
CDP EQUITY S.p.A.
CDP RETI S.p.A.
FINTECNA S.p.A.
CDP REAL ASSET SGR S.p.A.
SIMEST S.p.A.
Ansaldo Energia S.p.A.
Saipem S.p.A.
Fincantieri S.p.A.
Hotelturist S.p.A.
Webuild S.p.A.
GPI S.p.A.
Euronext N.V.
Renovit S.p.A. (c)
GreenIT S.p.A.
Polo Strategico
Nazionale S.p.A.
CDP Venture Capital
SGR S.p.A.
Fondo Italiano 
d’Investimento SGR S.p.A.
F2i - Fondi Italiani per 
le Infrastrutture SGR S.p.A.
Terna S.p.A.
Snam S.p.A.
Italgas S.p.A.
Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A.
Open Fiber S.p.A.
GROUP STRUCTURE
100.00%
76.01%
70.00%
100.00%
59.10%
35.00%
9.81%
2.21%
15.00%
30.00%
1.11%
12.82%
71.32%
45.95%
18.41%
7.32%
30.00%
49.00%
20.00%
29.85%
31.35%
77.12%
23.00% 
51.00%
60.00%
70.00%
55.00%
14.01%
5.29%
100.00%
TYPE OF CONTROL / INFLUENCE
FUND MANAGEMENT RELATIONSHIP
Control
Significant influence
De facto control
Joint control
88.06%
6.66%
27.73%
99.52%
16.44%
14.96%
6.60%
75.00%
8.27%
21.28%
Nexi S.p.A
Trevi Finanziaria Industriale S.p.A.
13.47%
25.99%
100.00% Maticmind S.p.A.
at 31 December 2023
COMPANIES IN LIQUIDATION: 
Companies held by CDP S.p.A.
Companies held by Fintecna S.p.A.
Europrogetti & Finanza S.r.l. 31.80%
ITsART S.p.A. 51.00%
CDP Immobiliare S.r.l. 100.00%
Companies held by CDP Immobiliare S.r.l.
Bonafous S.p.A. 100.00%
Cinque Cerchi S.p.A. 100.00%
Quadrifoglio Brescia S.p.A. 50.00%
Pentagramma Romagna S.p.A. 100.00%
Pentagramma Piemonte S.p.A. 100.00%
Quadrifoglio Genova S.p.A. 100.00%
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income
(a) Snam holds a further 1.26%.
(b) Snam holds 60.05% of the company.
(c) Kedrion Holding S.p.A. holds 100% of the share capital of Kedrion S.p.A., which is the parent 
company of the paneuropean group created in 2022 after the acquisition of Bio Products 
Laboratory Limited.
(d) Company held for sale at 31.12.2023 and dismissed on January 2024.
- 125 -

--- Page 126 ---
CDP Venture Capital SGR S.p.A.
CDP Real Asset SGR S.p.A.
Fondo Italiano 
d’Investimento SGR S.p.A.
F2i - Fondi Italiani per 
le Infrastrutture SGR S.p.A.
Redo SGR S.p.A.
FNAS - Fondo Nazionale Abitare Sociale
Fondo di Fondi Infrastrutture (a)
Fondo Investimento per l’Abitare (FIA) 
Fondo Investimento per la Valorizzazione Extra
Fondo Investimento per la Valorizzazione Plus
Fondo Nazionale del Turismo - Comparto A
Fondo Sviluppo Comparto A
FoF Fondo Italiano di Investimento
FoF Impact Investing (a)
FoF Private Debt 
FoF Private Debt Italia (a)
FoF Private Equity Italia 
FoF Venture Capital
Fondo Italiano Agri & Food - FIAF (a)
Fondo Italiano Consolidamento e Crescita
Fondo Italiano Consolidamento e Crescita II - FICC II (a)
Fondo Italiano di Investimento FII Venture
Fondo Italiano Tecnologia e Crescita
Fondo Italiano Tecnologia e Crescita II - FITEC II (a)
360 PoliMI TT Fund (e)(f)
Anima Alternative 2
Anthilia BIT III 
Eureka Fund! I - Technology Transfer (e)(f)
Fondo Africinvest IV
Fondo AREF II
Fondo Atlante 
Fondo EGO
Fondo ENEF II
Fondo Magellano
Fondo MCIV
Fondo October SME IV
Fondo October SME V
Fondo Opes (g)
Fondo PPP Italia 
Fondo QuattroR
Fondo Regio
Fondo SEED
FSI I
HI CrescItalia PMI 
Italian Recovery Fund 
Muzinich Diversified Enterprises (h)
Muzinich Diversified Enterprises Credit II SCSp
Oltre II SICAF EuVeca S.p.A. (g)
Oltre III Italia (g)
Progress Tech Transfer SLP-RAIF (e)(f)
Sofinnova Telethon SCA (e)(f)
Tenax Sustainable Credit Fund
Ver Capital Credit Partners SMEs VII
Vertis Venture 3 Technology Transfer (e)(f)
F2i - Fondo per le Infrastrutture Sostenibili (a) 
F2i - Secondo Fondo Italiano per le Infrastrutture
F2i - Terzo Fondo per le Infrastrutture
2020 European Fund for Energy, Climate change and Infrastructure SICAV - FIS S.A. (Fondo Marguerite)
Connecting Europe Broadband Fund SICAV RAIF
EAF S.C.A. SICAR - Caravella (Fondo Caravella)
Fondo Marguerite III SCSp (a)
Inframed Infrastructure S.A.S. à capital variable (Fondo Inframed)
Marguerite II SCSp (Fondo Marguerite II) 
GROUP STRUCTURE
at 31 December 2023
70.00%
55.00%
14.01%
Control
Control
Other funds
70.00%
30.00%
3.62%
FoF VenturItaly (a)
Fondo Acceleratori (a)
Fondo Boost Innovation (a)
Fondo Corporate Partners I - EnergyTech sector (a)(b)
Fondo Corporate Partners I - IndustryTech sector (a)
Fondo Corporate Partners I - InfraTech sector (a)(c)
Fondo Corporate Partners I - ServiceTech sector (a)
Fondo di Fondi Internazionale (a)(d)
Fondo Evoluzione (a)
Fondo Large Ventures (a)
Fondo Technology Transfer - Direct sector (a)
Fondo Technology Transfer - Indirect sector (a)
Fondo Immobiliare di Lombardia - Comparto Uno
(formerly Abitare Sociale 1)  
Control
Significant 
Influence
INVESTMENT VEHICLES
(a)	
Underwritten by CDP Equity S.p.A.
(b)	
The Group owns an additional 44.45% through other subsidiaries.
(c)	
The Group owns an additional 16.67% through other subsidiaries.
(d)	
The Group owns an additional 50% through other subsidiaries.
(e)	
Fund launched under the ITAtech investment platform; managed and co-investment 
agreement signed by CDP and EIF, focused on technology transfer funds.
(f)	
Figures at 30.09.2023.
(g)
Fund launched under the Social Impact Italia investment platform; managed and co-
investment agreement signed by CDP and EIF, focused on social impact investments.
(h)
Previously Springrowth - Fondo di credito diversificato. 
Company with fund relationship management.
NOTES
INVESTMENT FUNDS
100.00%
97.78%
49.32%
100.00%
100.00%
76.96%
100.00%
20.83%
100.00%
62.50%
73.35%
quote A  60.42% 
quote C  50.13%
76.69%
17.78%
quote A  66.28% 
quote B  38.24% 
46.15%
20.83%
quote A  65.15%
quote B  39.47%
49.00%
6.40%
quote A  8.05%
quote C  0.02%
quote A  4.17%
82.19%
82.24%
66.67%
33.33%
66.67%
50.00%
66.67%
50.00%
100.00%
50.00%
92.06%
100.00%
36.90%
22.03%
16.16%
15.96%
8.45% 
19.65%
11.77%
4.33%
33.33%
33.33%
10.93%
9.10%
19.72%
21.42%
14.58%
quote A  41.96%
quote B    0.21%
9.52%
12.56% 
quote A  35.81%
quote B    0.25%
21.87%
12.90%
25.14%
31.35%
17.55%
  12.92%
48.01%
18.49%
24.92%
9.75%
49.50%
14.08%
9.01%
50.00% 
15.26%
quote A 38.92%
quote B   1.20%
9.60%
- 126 -

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 -
Termination of CDP's management and coordination activity over SACE and 
reorganisation of the SACE Group 
On 8 April 2020 the Italian Government enacted Law Decree No. 23 of 8 April 2020 
(the "Liquidity Decree"). Pursuant to article 3 of the Liquidity Decree, effective from 9 
April 2020, SACE has not been subject to CDP's management and coordination 
activity (attività di direzione e coordinamento). The Liquidity Decree has been 
converted into law on 7 June 2020, by the Law No. 40 of 5 June 2020. Thereafter, the 
Italian government enacted Law Decree No. 104 of 14 August 2020 (the "August 
Decree"), in force since 15 August 2020. In particular, article 67 of the August Decree 
(named "Reorganisation of the SACE group") provides, amongst other, that the 
possible reorganisation of the group composed by SACE and its subsidiaries – SACE 
FCT S.p.A., SACE BT S.p.A. and SIMEST S.p.A. (“SACE Group”) and the transfer 
value of the relevant shareholdings, as deemed appropriate by the parties, shall be 
determined, subject to an agreement between the MEF and CDP, by a decree to be 
issued by the Italian Minister of the Economy and Finance, in agreement with the 
Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation (the “Implementing 
Decree”). On 14 October 2020 the August Decree has been converted into law, by the 
Law No. 126 of 13 October 2020. 
In light of the above, on 2 March 2021, CDP, SACE and the MEF signed a hypothetical 
agreement pursuant to article 67, paragraph 2 of the August Decree (the 
“Hypothetical Agreement”), under which they agreed, among other things, to submit 
the following proposal for the reorganisation of the SACE Group to their respective 
decision-making bodies: 
-
the transfer from SACE to CDP of SACE’s entire equity stake in SIMEST, which
represents the 76.005 per cent. of SIMEST’s share capital, and
-
the transfer from CDP to the Italian Minister of the Economy and Finance of CDP’s
entire equity stake in SACE, which represents 100 per cent. of SACE’s share
capital, excluding SIMEST.
On 5 March 2021, CDP’s Board of Directors – in fulfilment of the commitments 
undertaken in the Hypothetical Agreement – resolved to approve the reorganisation of 
the SACE Group. 
Following the approval by CDP’s Board of Directors, the Implementing Decree, which 
outlined, amongst other, the overall structure of the envisaged reorganisation of the 
SACE Group and the transfer value of the relevant shareholdings, has been (i) signed 
by the Italian Minister of the Economy and Finance and by the Italian Minister of 
Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, respectively, on 19 January 2022 and 
on 22 January 2022, (ii) registered by the Italian Corte dei Conti on 8 February 2022, 
and (iii) published on the MEF website on 17 March 2022. 
In compliance with the Implementing Decree, on 21 March 2022, the reorganisation of 
the SACE Group has occurred through the settlement of the due considerations and 
the transfer of share certificates. As a result of the transaction, CDP directly holds the 
76.005 per cent. of SIMEST’s share capital, and the MEF directly holds 100 per cent. 
of SACE’s share capital.

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
MAIN CORPORATE ACTIVITIES 
Pursuant to paragraph 7 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269 and pursuant to article 3 of 
CDP's by-laws, CDP – in pursuing the promotion of long-term economic, social and 
environmental sustainability for the benefit of shareholders and taking into account the 
interests of other stakeholders relevant to the company – has been carrying out the 
following activities as part of their corporate purpose: 
(A1) 
the granting of financing to the Italian State, its regions, local authorities, public 
entities and public law bodies (hereinafter, the "Public Entities"); 
(A2) 
the granting of financing: 
(i) 
in favour of public or private entities, with the exclusion of natural 
persons, having legal personality, for public-interest initiatives promoted 
by Public Entities, in accordance with the criteria established in decrees 
of the MEF adopted pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 11, letter (e); 
(ii) 
in favour of private entities, with the exclusion of natural persons, having 
legal personality, for operations in the sectors of general interest 
specified in the decrees of the MEF adopted pursuant to Article 5, 
paragraph 11, letter (e); 
(iii) 
in favour of public or private entities, with the exclusion of natural 
persons, having legal personality, to support the international expansion 
of enterprises and exports in accordance with the criteria established in 
decrees of the MEF adopted pursuant to Article 8 of Law Decree No. 78 
of 1 July 2009, as converted into law ("Law Decree 78"), ratified with 
amendments by Law Decree No. 102 of 3 August 2009; 
(iv) 
in favour of enterprises for the purposes of supporting the economy 
through (a) the banking system or (b) the subscription of units in 
investment funds managed by an asset management company, whose 
corporate purpose achieves one of the institutional missions of CDP; 
(v) 
in favour of public or private entities, with the exclusion of natural 
persons, having legal personality, for international development 
cooperation activities;  
(vi) 
to banks operating in Italy to permit them to grant loans secured by 
mortgages on residential properties mainly for the purchase of primary 
residences or for renovation and energy efficiency enhancement works; 
and 
(vii) 
in favour of public or private entities, with the exclusion of natural 
persons, having legal personality, to contribute to the achievement of the 
objectives established in the context of international agreements on 
climate and environmental protection, as well as on other global public 
goods, which Italy joined;  
(B) 
the granting of financing, preferably co-financed with banks, for:

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
(i) 
works, systems, networks and infrastructure to be used for the public 
interest; 
(ii) 
investments in research, development, innovation, the protection and 
leveraging of cultural assets, the promotion of tourism, environment, 
energy efficiency, promotion of sustainable development, the green 
economy; and 
(iii) 
initiatives for company growth, including through business combination, 
in Italy and abroad; 
(C) 
the acquisition of shareholdings transferred to or conferred on CDP by the 
decree of the MEF referred to in Article 5, paragraph 3, letter (b), whose 
management is in line, where provided, with the criteria set out in the decree of 
the MEF referred to in Article 5, paragraph 11, letter (d); 
(D) 
the direct or indirect acquisition of equity investments in companies of major 
national interest - having a stable financial position and performance and 
adequate profit-generating prospects - that meet the requirements established 
by the MEF in the decree issued pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 8-bis. 
(E) 
the purchase of: 
(i) 
bank bonds backed by portfolios of loans secured by mortgages on 
residential properties and/or securities issued pursuant to the provisions 
of Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 ("Italian Securitisation Law") as part 
of securitisations of claims in respect of loans secured by mortgages on 
residential properties; 
(ii) 
securities issued pursuant to the Italian Securitisation Law as part of 
securitisations of loans to small and medium-sized enterprises, with a 
view to expanding the volume of lending to small and medium-sized 
enterprises. 
(F) 
the management, possibly assigned by the MEF, of CDP's functions, assets 
and liabilities, outstanding prior to the transformation, which are transferred to 
the MEF pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 3, letter (a), as well as the 
management of any other public function and activity of general interest 
assigned as a consequence of any laws, regulations or agreements; 
(G) 
the supply of assistance and consultancy services in favour of Public Entities 
or to support the operations or the entities referred to in letter (A2) points (i), (ii), 
(iii), (iv), (v) and (vii); 
(H) 
the supply of consultancy services and study, research and analytical activities 
in the economic and financial fields. 
In order to pursue its corporate purpose, the Issuer may also: 
(i) 
carry out any instrumental, connected and ancillary transactions, including 
commercial, industrial, mortgage, movable and real property, financial, lending 
and borrowing transactions;

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
(ii) 
acquire shareholdings and interests in companies, undertakings, consortia and 
joint ventures, both in Italy and abroad, pursuant to the decree of the MEF dated 
27 January 2005; 
(iii) 
coordinate the participating companies and the subsidiaries from an 
administrative and financial perspective, and carry out any necessary 
transaction in their favour, including the granting of loans; 
(iv) 
grant both in personam and in rem guarantees with respect to its own and third 
parties' obligations; 
(v) 
enter into financial derivatives transactions on its own account; and 
(vi) 
enter into financial derivatives transactions, also for purposes other than 
hedging. 
Any sort of financing activity, including that conducted indirectly, is carried out in 
compliance with any applicable laws and it includes, inter alia, the purchase of 
receivables, the issue of guarantees, the acquisition of equity or debt securities and 
the subscription of units or shares of undertakings for collective investment. Unless 
otherwise provided by law, the financial transactions referred to in letter (A2) may be 
carried out directly if the amount is equal to or greater than Euro 25,000,000.00 
(twenty-five million/00) or also for a lower amount as provided by CDP's risk rules, in 
the event that such financial transactions are conducted by CDP in its capacity as 
National Promotional Institution in the contest of investment platforms as defined by 
the regulations in force, or in its capacity as Financial Institution for Development 
Cooperation, or for the purposes under letter (A2) point vii. 
In order to pursue the corporate purpose indicated in letters (A1), (A2), (C), (F) and 
(G) above, CDP uses funds redeemable by way of passbook savings accounts and 
postal savings bonds, guaranteed by the Italian State and placed by Poste Italiane or 
its subsidiaries, and funds deriving from the issue of securities, the entering into loans 
and other financial transactions, which may be guaranteed by the State. These funds 
may also be used to pursue the purposes indicated in letters (D), (E) and (H) above. 
In order to pursue the corporate purpose indicated in letter (B) above, CDP uses funds 
raised on the capital markets or from banks, deriving from its entry into loans, the issue 
of securities, other financial transactions or by means of loans granted by public or 
private entities or by international organisations or by means of any other resource of 
the Issuer and income consistent with the Issuer's corporate purpose, in any case 
without a guarantee granted by the state and without first-hand fund-raising. These 
funds may also be used to pursue the purposes indicated in letters (D), (E) and (H) 
above. 
Pursuant to paragraph 20 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269, CDP's fund-raising activities 
are not subject to (i) the restrictions of Article 11 of the Banking Act on fund-raising 
with the public (save for the exclusion of demand deposits and the requirement of 
placements to and borrowings from institutional investors only, described under 
paragraph (b) above), or (ii) the maximum thresholds established by Italian laws for 
bond issuances by joint stock companies and more generally the provisions of the 
Italian Civil Code on the issuance of bonds.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
In connection with any issue of financial instruments by CDP, a representative of the 
noteholders may be appointed to act on behalf of the noteholders, to exercise the 
powers vested in it and to approve certain amendments or modifications to the terms 
and conditions of the relevant transaction. 
LENDING AND INVESTMENTS 
In 2023, the CDP Group deployed Euro 20.1 billion in new resources.  
The main activities of the CDP Group are arranged into the following operational lines:  
A. 
Public Administration, through the Public Administration Area, the CDP Group 
supports the investing activities of Public Entities across the country; 
B. 
Infrastructures, through the Infrastructure Area, the CDP Group works to support 
the development of the country’s infrastructures; 
C. 
Lending to enterprises and support for international expansion, through the 
Enterprises and Financial Institution Area, the CDP Group pursues the mission 
of ensuring financial support to the national productive fabric, in a complementary 
role with the banking system; 
D. 
International Cooperation and Development Finance, through the International 
Cooperation and Development Finance Department, the CDP Group promotes 
initiatives capable of generating positive impacts in the Cooperation Partner 
countries; 
E. 
Equity, through the Investment Department, together with the companies CDP 
Equity and CDP Reti, the CDP Group plays a key role in the country’s strategic 
sectors, through direct and indirect initiatives; 
F. 
Real Estate, through the Real Estate Department, together with the company 
CDP Real Asset SGR S.p.A. (“CDP Real Asset SGR”) 4, the CDP Group 
supports the real estate sector with the aim of promoting social cohesion through 
sustainable and inclusive urban regeneration initiatives, supporting the tourism-
hotel sector and creating value from its assets. 
A. Public Administration 
CDP carries out the traditional activity of financing Public Entities using funds pursuant 
to Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269. 
By way of Ministerial Decree of 6 October 2004 (Determinazioni ai sensi dell'art. 5, 
comma 11, lettere a), b) e c), del D.L. 30 settembre 2003, n. 269 convertito con 
modificazioni dalla legge 24 novembre 2003, n. 326 ed esercizio del potere di indirizzo 
della gestione separata della Cassa depositi e prestiti, società per azioni, a norma 
 
 
4 It should be noted that during 2023 CDP Immobiliare s.r.l., in implementation of the Group’s Real Estate 
Reorganisation Plan, was put under liquidation - under the name CDP Immobiliare s.r.l. in liquidazione - (“CDP 
Immobiliare”) and subsequently contributed to Fintecna, which was appointed as liquidator.

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
dell'art. 5, comma 9, del citato decreto-legge), the MEF has set forth, inter alia, the 
criteria applying to CDP's financing of Public Entities, pursuant to which: 
(i) 
such financing activity carried out by CDP constitutes a service of general 
economic interest; 
(ii) 
the relevant loans shall be granted by CDP as specific purpose loans (prestiti 
di scopo), which may be utilised by Public Entities in connection with the 
carrying out of public interest investments or in connection with other purposes 
for which the relevant borrowers may incur indebtedness; 
(iii) 
the process carried out by CDP for the granting of specific purpose loans is 
aimed at ascertaining whether the relevant borrower fulfils the requirements set 
forth by applicable legislation (including, inter alia, compliance with the debt 
ratios provided from time to time by law); 
(iv) 
in carrying out such financing activity, CDP must ensure that each public 
borrower is granted, amongst its peers, free access, as well as equal and non-
discriminatory contractual treatment; therefore the general terms and 
conditions applicable to such loans are notified by CDP through regulations 
(circolari) published in the Official Gazette and made available on the website 
of CDP; 
(v) 
such loans may be granted on a fixed or floating rate basis and the relevant 
interest rate is predetermined (currently on a weekly basis) and disclosed by 
way of publication on the website of CDP and in at least one daily newspaper; 
(vi) 
the financial equivalent of the interest rates applicable to the above-mentioned 
specific purpose loans shall not exceed, upon calculation at the relevant 
computation date, the interest rate referred to in Article 45, paragraph 32, of 
Law No. 448 of 23 December 1998 (Misure di finanza pubblica per la 
stabilizzazione e lo sviluppo) as subsequently amended, in relation to loans 
with repayment obligations on the part of the Republic of Italy (i.e. the interest 
rate determined from time to time by the MEF on the basis of the market 
conditions by way of specific notices to be published on the website of 
Department of the Treasury); 
(vii) 
such loans shall be granted by way of a written contract (which may fail to be 
entered into as a notarised deed (atto in forma pubblica)), a copy of which shall 
be provided to the borrower together with the general terms and conditions 
applicable thereto; 
(viii) 
in compliance with the provisions of paragraph 24 of Article 5 of Law Decree 
269, any and all acts, deeds, agreements, assignments, performances and/or 
other formalities relating to specific purpose loans, their relevant performance, 
amendments or modifications and termination shall be exempt from registration 
tax (imposta di registro), stamp duty (imposta di bollo), mortgage and cadastral 
taxes (imposte ipotecarie e catastali) and from any other indirect tax or other 
charge, levy, impost or duty; and 
(ix) 
CDP may grant loans to Public Entities having characteristics other than those 
referred to in points (ii) to (vii) above, provided that such other loans are granted

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
to the Public Entities and are destined to be used in connection with measures 
satisfying a public interest. The characteristics of such loans are set forth by 
CDP taking into account their specific purpose, the features of the investment 
to be made by the relevant borrower and the characteristics of the borrower. 
In addition to the above, Italian Law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 authorises CDP to 
provide cash advances to municipalities as part of the treasury services performed by 
Poste Italiane. 
As at 31 December 2023, the stock of outstanding debt amounted to Euro 73.6 billion, 
which have decreased since the end of 2022 (Euro 75.3 billion). The total stock of 
residual debt and commitments amounted to Euro 78.4 billion, representing a  
decrease from 31 December 2022 (which amounted to Euro 81 billion).  
The credit quality of the Public Administration area loan portfolio did not highlight any 
specific problem. 
B. Infrastructures 
The Infrastructure area arranges, structures and manages debt products (loans, 
guarantees, bonds), under both the Ordinary Account System and the Separate 
Account System.  
The Infrastructure area provides debt products in favour of infrastructure companies, 
owned by private and/or public counterparties and operating in the following sectors: 
construction (e.g. general contractors, plants), transportation (e.g. railways, highways, 
roads/toll roads, local public transport, ports/airports), social infrastructures (e.g. 
schools and hospitals), energy and utilities (e.g. conventional power, renewables, 
energy grid/storage, energy efficiency), environment (water services and waste) and 
telecommunications and digital infrastructure (e.g. broadband/ultrabroadband network, 
towers, data centres, satellites). Furthermore, the Infrastructure area provides project 
financing in favour of counterparts operating in any sector to the extent the relevant 
project is developed under a concession agreement or under a Public Private 
Partnership scheme. 
The Infrastructure area also provides debt products to support infrastructures 
investments of Italian companies in OECD countries.  
As of the end of December 2023, the infrastructure financing area’s portfolio of 
outstanding debt amounts to Euro 9.6 billion (decreasing by 2 per cent over the figure 
recorded at December 2022).  
C. Lending to enterprises and support for international expansion 
Pursuant to the recent legislation mentioned above, funds under Article 5, paragraph 
7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 are also used by CDP in other supporting initiatives in 
favour of enterprises. 
On-lending schemes to finance SMEs and households and to support reconstruction 
post catastrophic events

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 5/2009, CDP has been allowed to carry out transactions 
in favour of small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") for the purpose of 
supporting the economy, either through the intermediation of banking system or the 
subscription of participations in investment funds. 
In the context of transactions performed through the banking system, CDP assumes 
the risk of insolvency of the banks through which the funding is granted to the SMEs. 
In 2009, an amount of up to Euro 8 billion (the "Plafond PMI") was allocated to finance 
the banking system for the granting of loans in favour of SMEs, for investments and 
the increase of working capital. The disbursement of the entire amount was completed 
in July 2012. 
In 2012, given SMEs’ continuing difficulties to access loans, CDP deemed it necessary 
to strengthen its commitment to supporting the economy, by making available a further 
amount of up to Euro 10 billion.  
In 2013, pursuant to Law Decree No. 69/2013, CDP was allowed to provide up to Euro 
2.5 billion of funds to support the granting of bank loans in favour of SMEs, to finance 
investments in new machinery, plants and equipment (the "Capital Goods Plafond"). 
The Ministry of Economic Development directly grants an interest rate subsidy to those 
SMEs that are granted such loans, in order to reduce borrowing costs. The exposure 
of CDP towards the banks is guaranteed by the granting of security. Considering the 
great success of the initiative, Law No. 190/2014 authorised CDP to double the 
resources of the Capital Goods Funds. Aiming at improving financial terms for SMEs, 
in the course of time, CDP signed three loan agreements with the Council of Europe 
Development Bank (the "CEB") for an overall amount of Euro 590 million, in order to 
reduce the costs of CDP's funding.  
In 2014, CDP launched a new on-lending scheme to support the granting of bank loans 
to SMEs (“Piattaforma Imprese”) with an initial budget of Euro 5 billion, which included 
among potential final recipient also Mid-caps (i.e. enterprises with up to 3,000 
employees), and SME networks, plus a specific line dedicated to export finance and 
internationalisation. In 2016, the overall budget of Piattaforma Imprese was increased 
to Euro 10 billion and some operational fine tuning was carried out. The budget 
increased further in 2023, reaching the amount of Euro 12 billion.  
Among the measures that CDP made available to enterprises also following the 
slowdown in the economic and financial cycle associated with the Covid-19 
emergency, in 2020 an amount of up to Euro 500 million (the "Plafond Confidi") was 
allocated to finance the collective credit guarantee consortium compliant to the 
requirements established by Article 106 of the Banking Act (“Confidi”) for the granting 
of loans in favour of SMEs, for investment projects and increase in working capital, 
while in 2021 an amount of up to Euro 1 billion (the “Plafond Leasing”) was allocated 
to finance the financial intermediaries authorised to carry out leasing activities. 
*** 
Aiming at supporting households and individuals in the purchase of residential 
property, Law Decree No. 102/2013, introduced the possibility for CDP to (a) provide 
funds to the banking system for the granting of mortgages in favour of individuals, 
dedicated to the purchase of residential property; and (b) to purchase cover bonds 
and asset-backed securities, with underlying residential mortgages. Based on this

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
legislation, CDP launched – inter alia - a new dedicated on-lending scheme (“Plafond 
Casa”) with an initial budget of Euro 2 billion, which was increased to Euro 3 billion in 
2016. 
*** 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 39/2009 which introduced provisions in favour of the 
population of the Region of Abruzzo, which was affected by earthquakes in April 2009, 
CDP activated a first plafond of Euro 2 billion for the granting of funds to banks in order 
for them to grant subsidised loans to the people residing in such affected areas for the 
reconstruction or repair of properties. Both the reimbursement of the loans by the final 
beneficiaries to the banks and the reimbursement of the loans by the banks to CDP 
are guaranteed by the Italian government. In December 2012, CDP completed the 
distribution of the entire amount of Euro 2 billion. 
A similar scheme (called "Plafond Ricostruzione Sisma 2012") was implemented in 
2012, with a budget of Euro 6 billion, following the earthquake of May 2012 which 
affected some of the northern regions of Italy (especially Emilia-Romagna).   
In addition, Pursuant to Stability Law 2016, CDP launched a new plafond of up to Euro 
1.5 billion (the "Plafond Eventi Calamitosi"), dedicated to the financing of interventions 
of private and productive reconstruction after natural disasters that occurred 
throughout Italy from 2013. 
Moreover, in response to the several earthquakes that struck Central Italy from 24 
August 2016, CDP activated a new instrument (the "Plafond Sisma Centro Italia"), that 
replicates the mechanisms of the Plafond Ricostruzione Sisma 2012. As part of the 
initiatives in favour of such territories, CDP activated a dedicated plafond of up to Euro 
560 million (the "Plafond Moratoria Sisma Centro Italia"), dedicated to the granting of 
funds to banks in order for them to grant subsidised loans to the enterprises and 
workers for the deferment of payment of taxes in accordance with Law Decree No. 
8/2017. 
Lastly, in order to remedy the damage caused by the flood events that struck territories 
of the Emilia Romagna, Toscana and Marche regions from 1 May 2023, the Budget 
Law for 2024 introduced a new instrument (the "Plafond Alluvione Maggio 2023"), that 
replicates the mechanisms of the Plafond Sisma 2012 and Plafond Sisma Centro 
Italia. The maximum amount of the Plafond Alluvione Maggio 2023 was defined by 
Budget Law for 2024 for an amount of Euro 700 million. 
 
Bilateral transactions with financial institutions, also in the form of purchase of 
securities  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 102/2013 (the same act of legislation based on which the 
mentioned “Plafond Casa” was introduced), CDP launched a purchase program 
dedicated to cover bonds and asset-backed securities, with underlying residential 
mortgages. The initial budget of Euro 3 billion was increased to Euro 5 billion in 2016. 
In this context, CDP has subscribed several Covered Bonds issued by Italian financial 
institutions. In every transaction, the originator is requested to commit itself – by

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
means of a side letter – to disburse new residential mortgages for an amount at least 
equal to that of the tranche purchased by CDP. 
As far as SMEs are concerned, starting from 2016, CDP launched a specific business 
line consisting of direct lending, through both bonds and loans, to specialised financial 
institutions, commercial banks and other CDP Group’s financial entities (i.e. Simest) 
to enhance their capability to finance the real economy. Within this business line, CDP 
entered into several financing agreements with Italian banking groups to support 
Italian SMEs and Midcaps, in some cases with a focus on those located in southern 
regions (“Mezzogiorno”) or operating in specific sectors (such as tourism and 
agriculture), to finance, among other uses of proceeds, investments also with a 
positive environmental impact, to fund sustainable growth and to recover from Covid-
19 emergency.  
In the same year 2016, CDP also launched a specific Euro 1 billion purchase 
programme of asset-backed securities ("ABS") guaranteed by SME loans originated 
by Italian banks (the "SME ABS"). The purchase programme was then increased to 
Euro 1.5 billion in March 2019, to Euro 2.0 billion in August 2020 and to Euro 2.5 billion 
in December 2023.  
Moreover, in 2021, CDP activated a specific Euro 1 billion purchase programme of 
Environmental, Social and Governance bonds (the “ESG Bond”) originated by Italian 
banks and other financial institutions.  
Guarantees to financial institutions to support SME lending 
Aiming at supporting bank lending to SMEs, in 2016, CDP started a cooperation with 
the EIF in the field of guarantees, under the Investment Plan for Europe (also called 
“Juncker Plan”).  
In this context, CDP executed two transactions backed by EU funds provided by the 
EIF under the COSME program (Competitiveness of Enterprises and Small and 
Medium-sized Enterprises) and one transaction backed by funds coming from the 
“Creative Europe” program (through the Creative and Cultural Sectors Guarantee 
Facility). In all the three cases, CDP’s guarantee was issued on new portfolios of SME 
guarantees originated by the Italian SME Guarantee Fund (established by Law No. 
662/1996), that have been counter-guaranteed by CDP at 80 per cent. for an overall 
amount of about Euro 5.6 billion, activating more than Euro 9 billion in new lending in 
favour of around 100,000 Italian SMEs.  
In 2021, the EIF and CDP implemented a new counter-guarantee operation under the 
Pan-European Guarantee Fund. The scheme of the initiative, similar to previous 
operations,  allowed CDP to issue guarantees on 80 per cent. of new operations 
originating by the Italian SME Guarantee Fund originally up to Euro 4,5 billion (then 
increased to Euro 10 billion), with a maximum cap on first losses. This guarantee line 
is assisted by a 70 per cent. counter-guarantee issued by the EIF. Thanks to the 
significant leverage effect of the operational scheme, new loans to final recipients 
amounted to over Euro 10 billion in favor of around 50 thousand SMEs. 
In line with the provisions of the Stability Law 2016 that authorised CDP to execute 
“financial instruments” backed by ESI Funds (European Investment and Structural 
Funds), CDP entered into a financing agreement with the Emilia-Romagna Region.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
Pursuant to this agreement, CDP has been assigned regional funds that have been 
employed to issue 80 per cent. counter-guarantees, with a 10 per cent. loss cap, on 
new SME guarantee portfolios originated by Confidi up to approximately Euro 120 
million. The sums assigned by the Region have been used to cover 70 per cent. of 
CDP’s exposure. A second similar agreement, focused on the tourism sector of Emilia 
Romagna, was executed in 2019.  
Other transactions in favour of enterprises and other entities under special law 
provisions 
Pursuant to Law No. 311/2004, a revolving reserve fund (“Fondo rotativo per il 
sostegno alle imprese e gli investimenti in ricerca” or the "Revolving Fund for 
Enterprises") was implemented, for the granting of fixed rate subsidised loans with 
CDP funding (the "Subsidised Loans"). 
The Revolving Fund for Enterprises initial resources have been established by law for 
an amount equal to Euro 6,000 million and such funds are distributed among various 
incentive programme by CIPESS (the Inter-Ministerial Committee for Economic 
Programming and Sustainable Development) that also determines, inter alia, the 
general criteria for the issuance of Subsidised Loans and the minimum interest rate 
applicable to the beneficiaries of the Subsidised Loans. 
The interest rate payable on amounts disbursed by CDP as Subsidised Loans is 
determined by law as interest due to CDP. The difference between the rate thus 
established and the Subsidised Loans interest rate due by the relevant beneficiary is 
charged to the Italian State, together with an overall amount equal to 0.40 per cent. of 
the amount granted annually as Subsidised Loans. 
Having access to a medium-long-term loan granted under market conditions by a 
banking institution (the "Lender") is an eligibility requirement to obtain CDP Subsidised 
Loans. The evaluation of the duration, amount and conditions of the bank loan and the 
CDP Subsidised Loan are entrusted to the Lender, which is therefore responsible for 
the evaluation of the creditworthiness of the beneficiary. The obligation of reimbursing 
the Subsidised Loan and related interests is assisted, as a final and residual resource, 
by a guarantee granted by the Italian State. 
In the period 2022-2023, new initiatives on the Revolving Fund for Enterprises have 
been launched, mainly (i) in favor of the tourism sector; (ii) to promote the integration 
of the supply chain of the agricultural and agri-food system and the strengthening of 
the agri-food districts and (iii) to support R&D strategic projects, related to the 
objectives of the Green New Deal. 
Pursuant to Law No. 296/2006, the operation of the Revolving Fund for Enterprises 
has been extended to regional subsidy measures, increasing resources up to a 
maximum of Euro 2,000 million. In line with the national level, the Regional Revolving 
Fund for Enterprises is based on subsidised loans granted by CDP, in addition to a 
sunk contribution granted directly by the Region, in pool with the banking system, 
focused on specific sectors identified by regional Laws. A first regional agreement has 
been signed on 26 June 2020 by CDP and ABI with the Campania Region. 
***

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
Finally, pursuant to Law No. 296/2006, (i) the Kyoto Fund was established with a 
budget of up to Euro 600 million of public funds, for the granting of subsidised loans in 
order to reduce emissions responsible for the greenhouse effect and energy efficiency 
and (ii) CDP was appointed as manager of the fund. 
The first window of the Kyoto Fund has been active since March 2012. 
The purposes of the Kyoto Fund have been redefined by Article 57 of Law Decree No. 
83. In particular, funds reserved for enterprises (ESCos included) shall be used for 
granting subsidised loans for projects in green economy sectors and connected to the 
safety of the territory from hydrogeological and seismic risks. The second window of 
the Kyoto Fund was fully implemented in the first half of 2013. 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 91/2014, the Kyoto Fund has been subject to further 
reform: the remaining resources of the Kyoto Fund, for an amount of up to Euro 350 
million, may be used for the granting of subsidised loans to Public Entities in order to 
implement measures to increase the energy efficiency of school buildings, including 
kindergartens and university end-use efficiency, with CDP being confirmed as 
manager of the fund. The effective implementation of this provision has been defined 
by a decree of the Minister of the Ecological Transition (“MASE”) and the Minister of 
Economy and Finance (“MEF”), in consultation with the Minister of Economic 
Development and the Minister of Education, University and Research. This window 
lasted until 31st of December 2018. 
Furthermore, budget law 2019 (Law No. 145/2018) extended the scope of the 
subsidised loans that can be granted to Public Entities, including the financing of 
energy efficiency and water saving interventions to building used for public health or 
as sporting venues. 
On 1 April 2019, MASE and CDP signed the renewal of the initial agreements (“New 
Agreement”) in order to regulate the management methods of the activities connected 
to the facilitation measures, providing that the relationships between MASE and CDP 
continue to be regulated by the original agreements and by the related reference 
legislation.   
The guidelines and implementing rules for the use of resources (“Kyoto Fund 5”) were 
defined by a decree No. 65 of 11th of February 2021 of the MASE and the MEF, in 
consultation with the Minister of Economic Development, the Minister of Education, 
University and Research. On the 17th of May 2021 was signed between the MASE and 
CDP a separate supplementary act ("Kyoto Addendum 5") defining the methods of 
managing the subsidised loans referred to in Decree No. 65/2021. Later on, the 22nd 
June 2021, the notice of the opening of the window for the submission of applications 
for the granting of low-interest loans from the Kyoto Fund 5 was published, which was 
opened for a total of 180 days (until the 20th of December 2021). 
Afterwards, the MASE decided to reopen the window for the submission of 
applications to Kyoto Fund 5 and, the 10th of March 2022, the related notice was 
published and it stated that the window would have been open until the 31st of July 
2022. A few months later, with a new notice dated the 24th of October 2022, there was 
a further reopening of that window, until the 31st of December 2022.

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
With an act dated 4 December 2023, the expiry date of the New Agreement was 
extended until 31 December 2024. 
According to the law regulation, the MASE is involved in the examination of all the 
technical and administrative documents connected to the application for Kyoto Fund 
low-interest loans, while CDP is uncharged to evaluate the formal correspondence of 
the documentation provided by the applicants to what is required by that regulation. 
Furthermore, CDP manages and supervises the subsidised loans through all their “life 
process”. 
Transactions to support “alternative financing” 
The role of CDP in promoting alternative sources of financing to support SMEs and 
Mid-Caps, can be divided into two different lines of action: 
• 
anchor investor in basket bonds programmes: this is an innovative scheme 
of transaction which will provide companies with an attractive long-term 
funding solution; the innovative funding tool is represented by ABS 
collateralised by a basket of bonds issued by the companies. Two different 
kinds of basket bonds can be distinguished depending on the security 
package available: (i) “Secured Basket Bond” (drawn on the reserves of the 
Separate Account System or Ordinary Account System depending on the 
specific programme), in which distinct Public Entities (e.g. Regions, 
European Investment Bank and Central Guarantee Fund) provide use their 
own funds in order to enhance the structure with a guarantee on the first 
losses of the notes issued by the SPV and (ii) “Unsecured Basket Bond” 
(implemented within the Ordinary Account System), in which there aren’t 
any guarantees provided by public entities. However, it is possible to 
evaluate forms of credit enhancement settled at market conditions. 
• 
Anchor Investor in Diversified Debt Funds (“DDF”): CDP subscribes units of 
funds drawn on the reserves of the Separate Account System, preferably 
jointly with the EIF, in which business models geared towards diversification 
and granularity of portfolios (at least 25-30 tickets), with an average ticket 
lower than Euro 10 million. 
• 
Transfer of Tax Credits (implemented within the Ordinary Account System): 
CDP purchases the tax credits accrued by Italian companies on building 
renovation and energy efficiency projects that are eligible for tax benefits, 
where payment is using “invoice discount”, taking advantage of CDPs fiscal 
capacity. Through this programme CDP allows companies to recover 
liquidity faster than under legislation. CDP has acquired approximately 400 
€/mln of tax credits. 
On the first segment, CDP has been participating as anchor investor to fifteen 
programmes: i) “ELITE Basket Bond” (Separate Account System), which at the end of 
2017 has involved 10 issuers for a total amount of Euro 122 million (Euro 40 million 
CDP ticket), in this case, the portfolio benefits from a mutualistic guarantee provided 
by the issuers; ii) "Export Basket Bond Program" (Separate Account System), which 
has involved 11 SMEs and mid-caps for a total amount of Euro 62 million (Euro 31 
million CDP ticket) in which SACE offers its guarantee to the ABS Investors; iii) 
“Lombardia Basket Bond” (Ordinary Account System), an unsecured basket bond

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
programme with a maximum amount of Euro 80 million, which has involved 3 Mid-
Caps and 1 SME in three separate closing for a total amount of Euro 37 million (Euro 
18.5 million CDP ticket); iv) “Garanzia Campania Bond” (Separate Account System), 
a Regional basket bond programme dedicated to companies located in Campania and 
structured with a credit enhancement made available by “Sviluppo Campania” to cover 
100 per cent. of the first losses recorded on the portfolio with a 25 per cent. cap to be 
calculated from time to time on the nominal amount of the minibonds issued; within 
the program, 65 SMEs have been financed in nine closings for a total amount of Euro 
144 million (Euro 72 million CDP ticket); v) “Garanzia Campania Bond II” (Separate 
Account System) is the second edition of the above-mentioned programme with the 
same structural features; this edition has involved 19 SMEs for a total amount of Euro 
41.2 million (Euro 20.6 million CDP ticket); vi) “Basket Bond Puglia” (Separate Account 
System) is a Regional Basket Bond dedicated to financing companies located in 
Puglia, with a credit enhancement provided by “Puglia Sviluppo” equal to 25 per cent. 
of the total issue. It has involved, in eight closings, 39 SMEs for a total amount of Euro 
150 million (Euro 70.2 million CDP ticket); vii) “Basket Bond di Filiera Strategica” 
(Ordinary Account System), unsecured basket bond programme which aims to sustain 
the main strategic industries, that at the end of 2023 has involved 12 companies (8 in 
the wine sector and 4 in the film industry) for a total amount of Euro 67 million (Euro 
33.5 million CDP ticket); viii) “Basket Bond Euronext Growth” (Ordinary Account 
System), an unsecured basket bond programme, designed to support companies 
listed on the Euronext Growth Segment of the Italian Stock Exchange; within the 
programme, 8 companies have been financed in three closing for a total amount of 
Euro 41 million (Euro 20.5 million CDP ticket); ix) “Basket Bond Sella” (Ordinary 
Account System) an unsecured programme intended to support Italian companies 
originated by Banca Sella Holding S.p.A.; within  the programme there has been four 
closings involving 7 companies for a total amount of Euro 56.5 million (Euro 22.6 
million CDP ticket); x) “Basket Bond BPER” (Ordinary Account System) dedicated to 
SMEs and Mid-Caps selected by BPER Banca; the first four closings completed in 
2022, for a total amount of Euro 112 million (Euro 56 million CDP ticket) and 15 issuing 
companies, are backed by the guarantee issued by the European Investment Bank 
("EIB guarantee") covering up to 90% of the first losses of the minibonds with a cap 
set at 35% of the nominal value of each portfolio of minibonds; the fifth closing, 
unsecured and settled in February 2024, involved 1 issuer for a total amount of Euro 
6 million (Euro 3 million CDP ticket); xi) “Basket Bond Italia” (Ordinary Account 
System) assisted by the EIB guarantee covering up to 90% of the first losses of the 
minibonds with a cap set at 35% of the nominal value of each portfolio of minibonds 
issued by Italian SMEs and Mid-Caps selected by Banca Finint in compliance with the 
eligibility criteria established within the guarantee agreement signed between EIB and 
CDP; the programme has involved 22 companies for a total amount of Euro 97.3 
million (Euro 48.7 million CDP ticket); xii) “Basket Bond CAI” (Ordinary Account 
System) secured by the guarantee issued by the EIB and dedicated to the Italian SMEs 
and Mid-Caps selected by Crédit Agricole Italia; within the program, 6 companies have 
been financed in three closings for a total amount of Euro 37 million (Euro 18.5 million 
CDP ticket); xiii) “Basket Bond ESG” (Ordinary Account System) aimed at supporting 
investment programs by Italian SMEs and Mid-Caps selected by Unicredit, primarily 
focused on projects with ESG objectives; within the first closing backed by the EIB 
guarantee, the programme has involved 8 companies for a total amount of Euro 48 
million (Euro 24 million CDP ticket); in 2023 the programme has been enriched by two 
further unsecured closing addressed to 8 issuers for a total amount of Euro 76.5 million 
(Euro 38.3 million CDP ticket); xiv) “Basket Bond FCG” (Separate Account System) is

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
a secured program that benefits from the direct guarantee issued by the Guarantee 
Fund for SMEs and supports the investment plans of companies located on the entire 
national area; in December 2023, the first closing of the programme has involved 3 
issuing companies for a total of Euro 6 million (Euro 3 million CDP ticket); and xv) 
“Basket Bond Equita” (Ordinary Account System) unsecured programme which 
supports SMEs and Mid-Caps originated by Equita SIM with a prevailing focus on the 
Tech and Cybertech industries, with the first three closing concluded in 2023, 3 
companies have been financed for Euro 21 million. 
On the second segment of activity, within the Separate Account System, CDP has 
approved 14 investments in DDF for a total amount of Euro 545 million, that are 
expected to catalyse more than Euro 2.0 billion to support SMEs and mid-caps 
financing. 
Corporate Lending 
The Corporate Lending Department (“Finanziamenti Imprese”), is in charge of the 
financing of initiatives promoted, both in Italy and abroad, by middle-size capitalization 
enterprises and large corporates, with the aim of supporting the economy and fostering 
the international expansion of Italian corporates. Furthermore, CDP supports the 
export of Italian companies, by granting to foreign counterparts (enterprises, 
governments and banks) direct or indirect loans for the purchase of goods and/or 
services from domestic corporates (or their subsidiaries/foreign affiliates).  
In 2023 the Corporate Lending Department continued pursuing the mission of ensuring 
financial support, in a complementary role to the banking system, to companies that 
operate in a large number of sectors (including, but not limited to, industrial, agri-food, 
automotive, chemical and pharmaceutical, manufacturing, mechanical, instrumental, 
IT, electronics, commercial, mass distribution, logistics, construction, real estate, 
media, shipping, iron, steel, metal, cement, paper, glass, wood, plastics, materials, 
fashion, luxury and services, excluding sectors reserved to other CDP departments), 
through direct lending products of any kind, under the Ordinary Account System or the 
Separate Account System in accordance with regulations and CDP by-laws.  
With regard to domestic direct lending, as at 31 December 2023, the stock of 
outstanding debt amounted to Euro 5.9 billion, recording an increase of 7.9 per cent 
over the stock at the end of 2022 (equal to Euro 5.4 billion).  
With regard to Export & International Financing, as at 31 December 2023, the stock of 
outstanding debt amounted to Euro 12.6 billion, recording an increase of 7.4 per cent 
over the stock at the end of 2022 (when it was equal to Euro 11.8 billion). 
As mentioned above, Article 8 of Law Decree 78 originally authorised the use of 
funding sources within the Separate Account System, including the use of postal 
savings, for operations aimed at supporting internationalisation and export credit, 
provided that the intervention by CDP is supported by guarantee or insurance policies 
issued by SACE. Article 8 has been implemented through a decree issued by the MEF 
on 22 January 2010. 
Subsequently, Article 1, paragraph 44, of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 (the so-
called "Stability Law 2014"), as amended by Article 8 of Law Decree 78, established 
that the intervention of CDP in internationalisation and export were not limited to

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
transactions guaranteed or insured by SACE but, more generally, by another 
insurance institution whose obligations are guaranteed by a State. 
Consequently, on 23 December 2014, the MEF issued a new decree in respect of the 
Stability Law 2014, published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy No. 35 of 
12 February 2015, implementing the amendments introduced by the Stability Law 
2014, pursuant to which CDP is authorised to: (i) provide, at market conditions, the 
banks with the necessary funding to grant loans in connection with transactions for the 
internationalisation of enterprises and exportation, provided that such transactions are 
insured or guaranteed by SACE or other export credit agencies, from national 
development banks or other financial institutions established pursuant to international 
agreements; and (ii) directly finance, at market conditions, transactions to support the 
internationalisation of enterprises and exportation, provided that such transactions are 
guaranteed or insured by any export credit agencies, national development banks or 
other financial institutions established pursuant to international agreements, in the 
case of financing transactions for amounts exceeding Euro 25 million. Such direct 
lending provides up to 50 per cent. of total funding in the event of co-financing or for a 
higher percentage should the particular temporal characteristics or dimensions of the 
financing not be compatible with the intervention of the banking system. 
Subject to the above provisions, financial conditions applicable to financing described 
above are defined on a case by case basis in accordance with market conditions. 
Pursuant to Article 3 of Law Decree No. 3 of 24 January 2015 ("Law Decree 3"), as 
converted with amendments into Law No. 33 of 24 March 2015 ("Law 33"), Article 8 
of Law Decree 78 has been further amended. Article 8 provides that CDP may support 
export credit and internationalisation transactions also without the insurance or 
guarantee of SACE or any other export credit agencies, national development banks 
or other financial institutions established pursuant to international agreements. 
On 29 September 2016, the shareholders' meeting of SACE approved the transfer of 
76.005 per cent. of SIMEST's shares from CDP to SACE. This was an important step 
aimed at creating an integrated mechanism to support the growth and international 
competitiveness of the national production system. The integration of the two 
companies, which had already been working in close collaboration since the beginning 
of the year 2016, within the CDP Group combines the insurance-financial products, 
services and expertise of SACE and SIMEST with the overall product offering of the 
CDP Group. The objective was to offer Italian companies integrated support to meet 
all their requirements related to exports and internationalisation: from credit insurance 
to foreign investment protection, from financial guarantees for accessing bank credit 
to factoring services, from bonds to win competitive contracts to protection against 
construction risks, from equity investment to low-interest loans and export credit. 
On 19 March 2019, the shareholders' meeting of CDP approved an amendment to its 
by-laws pursuant to which CDP’s support to internationalisation transactions can also 
be carried out in its Ordinary Account System. This amendment has extended the area 
of intervention of CDP in the field of internationalisation, historically focused in favour 
of large corporates within the abovementioned Italian Minister of the Economy and 
Finance decree dated 23 December 2014, also to small-medium enterprises for 
financing transactions for amounts even lower than Euro 25 million and with a 
percentage of CDP funding up to 100 per cent..

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
On 21 March 2021 the reorganisation of the SACE Group described under section 
“Termination of CDP's management and coordination over SACE and reorganisation 
of the SACE Group” above has occurred. 
As a result of the transaction, CDP directly holds the 76.005 per cent. of SIMEST’s 
share capital, and the MEF directly holds 100 per cent. of SACE’s share capital. 
The reorganisation thus determined allows the companies involved to strengthen their 
production specialization and therefore pursue their mission of supporting the 
sustainable development of the country and the growth of Italian companies in the best 
possible way. 
D. International Cooperation Development Finance 
Through the International Development Cooperation Directorate, CDP supports 
initiatives that are in line with the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs) and that aim to fight climate change and to support economic growth, social 
inclusiveness in emerging economies and developing countries. 
Under Italian law, CDP is authorised to act as Italy's financial institution for 
international development cooperation, and to allocate, within an annual limit that is 
agreed with the MEF, CDP’s own resources to the above-mentioned initiatives. Such 
initiatives are also subject to the prior favourable opinion of the Joint Committee for 
Development Cooperation (“Comitato Congiunto per la Cooperazione allo Sviluppo”), 
chaired by the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, 
pursuant to art. 21 of law no. 125/2014. In addition, CDP is authorised to deploy its 
own resources to pursue the objectives set out in international agreements to which 
Italy has adhered and that relate to climate and environmental protection as well as to 
other global public goods. 
In its role as financial institution for international development cooperation, CDP can 
operate through a portfolio of financial instruments – mainly loans, guarantees and 
investments in funds – that can be deployed in favour of public and private entities. 
With reference to loans and guarantees, CDP can finance multilateral or local financial 
institutions, in order to support investment programs or to indirectly finance micro, 
small and medium businesses ("MSMEs"), and can also directly finance companies 
(excluding MSMEs), project finance companies and local sovereign entities. When 
financing the private sector (e.g., local financial institutions, companies and project 
finance companies), CDP operates in co-financing with other international financial 
institutions, mainly development finance institutions and multilateral development 
banks. 
With reference to investments in funds, CDP can co-invest with other international 
finance institutions in thematic funds that, in turn, invest into equity or debt instruments. 
The International Development Cooperation Directorate organizational area can use 
two types of funding to conduct its activities: (i) own resources and (ii) third-party 
resources. Own resources derive from postal savings. Third-party resources are 
managed on behalf of national, international and multilateral partners and donors. 
Pursuant to Italian law, since January 1, 2016, CDP manages, on behalf of the MEF, 
the so-called "Revolving Fund for Development Cooperation" (“RFDC”), which is

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
endowed with €5.2 billion and was established by law no. 227/1977, to provide soft 
loans (i.e., loans with no interest or a below-market rate of interest) to countries eligible 
for official development assistance (as identified by the Development Assistance 
Committee of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development) as part 
of the bilateral cooperation policies of the Italian government.  
Through “Sviluppo+”, the new RFDC instrument dedicated to businesses, CDP 
strengthens its contribution to companies operating in eligible countries generating a 
positive environmental and social impact. 
This new instrument enables medium and long-term loans to be granted to companies 
from Italy, Europe or located in developing countries that have an office in Italy. Such 
resources encourage the strengthening of local businesses, promoting initiatives that 
contribute to the creation of new employment. Priority is given to requests from small 
and medium-sized companies and initiatives predominantly located in Partner 
Countries. 
In addition, CDP has been entrusted with the management, on behalf of the Italian 
Ministry of Environment and Energy Security (“MASE”), of the so-called “Italian 
Climate Fund” (ICF), a new revolving fund endowed with €4.4 billion (plus €40 million 
on a yearly basis starting from 2027) with the aim of financing operations. The ICF is 
the main national public instrument for pursuing the objectives undertaken by the 
Italian government within the scope of international agreements on climate and 
environment. 
The law establishing the Fund entrusted its governance to two committees composed 
of representatives of the ministries (MASE, MEF, MAECI): 1) the “Comitato di 
indirizzo”,  that, among other things, defines the strategic orientation, investment 
priorities, the amount of resources allocated to individual ICF products; and 2) the 
“Comitato direttivo”, that, among other things, decides on individual interventions 
proposed by CDP as the manager of the ICF. During 2023, the legal and regulatory 
framework of the ICF was finalized. In particular, the “Comitato di indirizzo” defined 
the preliminary strategic directions and guidelines, as well as the Fund's action plan of 
activities for the years 2023-2026 proposed by the manager. At the same time, the 
“Comitato direttivo” approved the operational provisions defining, among other things, 
the procedures to which the ICF manager adheres in carrying out its activities, as well 
as the methods of preliminary investigation. 
The actual start of the operativity of the ICF coincided with the resolutions taken on 
November 27, 2023 by the “Comitato direttivo”, which approved the first three 
interventions for a total of €200 million. 
Pursuant to decree-law no. 50/2022, a fund with an endowment of €200 million was 
established in favour of the Government of Ukraine, as budget support. Within the 
framework of this measure, it was also provided that the MEF could entrust CDP with 
the disbursement and management of the loans and that the intervention in favour of 
the Ukrainian Government could also be carried out under parallel co-financing with 
initiatives promoted by international or European multilateral financial institutions. An 
agreement was signed between MEF and CDP on July 21, 2022, entrusting CDP with 
negotiation support, technical coordination with the World Bank, as well as 
management of the loan until maturity. Subsequently, in parallel financing with the

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
project in support of Ukraine "Public Expenditure for Administrative Capacity 
Endurance" (PEACE) announced on June 7, 2022 by the World Bank, a loan 
agreement was signed on August 5, 2022 between the MEF and the Government of 
Ukraine for a total amount of €200 million, to be used for the payment of salaries of 
employees of the educational system - excluding military personnel. The loan was 
disbursed by CDP in a lump sum on August 12, 2022, to partially cover the payment 
of salaries of about 511,000 school employees for the months of September and 
October 2022, with a significant impact on the country's female population as more 
than 80% of the education sector in Ukraine is composed of women. 
At the European level, CDP is a “pillar assessed” entity, as it has successfully 
completed the accreditation process necessary to ensure the compliance of its 
systems, rules and procedures with the relevant European legislation, therefore, CDP 
is eligible to manage all programmes whose implementation is delegated by the 
European Commission to accredited implementing partners. Currently, CDP manages 
over €478 million that have been provided by the European Commission as 
guarantees, investment grants for the financial component and grants, for technical 
assistance, programmes supporting the development of renewable energies and 
access to credit in the African continent and Western Balkans. 
To support these activities, CDP manages strategic business partnerships with other 
public development banks and development finance institutions. In particular, CDP 
plays an active role in international associations and networks as well as thematic 
coalitions, with a special focus on the main global issues (e.g., climate), and CDP 
establishes cooperation agreements with the most strategic partners, to enhance 
bilateral relations and generating high-impact joint business opportunities. Notably, as 
of April 2024, CDP is a member of the Steering Group of the International 
Development Finance Club (IDFC) and a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Association of European Development Finance Institutions (EDFI), as well as a 
strategic partner of the Finance in Common Summit Coalition (FiCS). Moreover, in 
March 2023, CDP, together with the Spanish Agency for International Development 
Cooperation (AECID), the French Agency for International Development Cooperation 
(AFD) and the German development bank (KfW), already member of the Enhanced 
Partnership group, has established a more operational partnership, the Joint European 
Financiers for International Cooperation (JEFIC) platform, which has led to the signing 
of a Co-financing Framework, so that the four members can intervene jointly and more 
easily on initiatives of common interest in developing countries.  In addition, CDP is a 
member of thematic coalitions and partnerships among Development Finance 
Institutions, impact investors and asset managers, focused on strategic sectors; two 
notable examples of these thematic coalitions and partnerships to which CDP 
participates are represented by the 2XGlobal (formerly known as 2XChallenge or 
2XCollaborative), aimed at scaling up gender-based finance and initiatives aimed at 
women empowerment, and the Adaptation & Resilience Investors’ Collaborative, 
aimed at accelerating investments in climate change adaptation projects.  
E. Equity  
In the area of equity investments, CDP Group acts as an investor in all phases of the 
life cycle of enterprises and infrastructure, by using both own capital and third-party 
capital (crowding-in). In doing so, the CDP Group systematically applies the principle

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
of capital rotation, thus looking to exit from investments once the set objectives have 
been achieved, in order to support new initiatives with the capital released.  
Specifically, the operations of the CDP Group, through the Investment Department 
and the Group Companies operating in the sector, include:  
• direct investments (i) with the role of stable shareholder in companies functional 
to the Group’s mission and in companies that manage key infrastructure or 
assets for the country; (ii) with a specific purpose, which is the growth and 
consolidation of companies, operating in key sectors, that in any case, are in a 
stable financial, capital and economic situation and feature adequate earnings 
prospects; 
• indirect investments through mutual funds and investment vehicles supporting 
the private equity, private debt, venture capital and infrastructure markets. 
As of 31 December 2023, the CDP Group’s equity portfolio consisted of: 
• Group companies, functional to acquire and hold equity investments (CDP 
Equity, and CDP Reti) and in carrying out the role of “National Promotional 
Institution” (Simest and Fintecna); 
• Listed and unlisted companies that manage key infrastructures and assets or 
operating in strategic sectors for the country (such as ENI S.p.A., Poste Italiane 
S.p.A., TIM S.p.A., Open Fiber S.p.A.5, Saipem S.p.A., Snam S.p.A., Terna 
S.p.A., Nexi S.p.A., Euronext N.V., Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A.6); 
• Investment funds and investment vehicles operating: 
o in support of enterprises throughout their entire life cycle, from venture 
capital (mainly managed by CDP Venture Capital SGR) to private equity 
and private debt (mainly managed by Fondo Italiano d’Investimento 
SGR) as well as alternative finance;  
o in the infrastructure sector, to support the creation of new infrastructures 
and manage existing infrastructures (both through the launch of the 
infrastructure operations of CDP Real Asset SGR and through European 
initiatives in partnership with the EIF and with other National Promotional 
Institutions); 
o in support of International Cooperation & Development Finance;  
o to support the NPL credit market. 
 
 
5 Interest held through Open Fiber Holdings S.p.A., an investment vehicle controlled by CDP Equity (60% interest), 
jointly with Fibre Networks Holdings S.a.r.l. (40% interest), belonging to the Macquarie Group  
6 Investment made through Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A., an investment vehicle owned by CDP Equity (51%) 
together with Blackstone Infrastructure Partners (24.5%) and Macquarie Asset Management (24.5%).

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
Equity investments and funds – portfolio composition 
(millions of euro; %) 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 Change (+ / -) 
Change(%) 
A. Group companies 
14,846 
14,978
-132 
-0.9% 
B. Other equity investments 
18,730 
18,608
+122 
0.7% 
Listed companies 
18,654 
18,537
+117 
0.6% 
Unlisted companies 
75 
71
+4 
6.0% 
C. Investment funds and investment vehicles 
2,175 
1,993
+182 
9.1% 
Total 
35,751 
35,579
+172 
0.5% 
 
In 2023, CDP Group kept working on managing and improving the performance of its 
equity investments portfolio, as well as searching for, developing and evaluating new 
investment opportunities. In particular, the main transactions completed during the 
period include: 
• financing the existing investment portfolio, through additional investments in 
Ansaldo Energia S.p.A., in Valvitalia Group and in Trevi Finanziaria Industriale 
S.p.A. (in support of financial and capital strengthening manoeuvres), in Open 
Fiber Holdings S.p.A. (in support of the investment plan for the development of 
the ultra-broadband network infrastructure, in line with the objectives of the 
National Recovery and Resilience Plan, the European Digital Agenda and the 
Italian Strategy for ultra-broadband), in GreenIT S.p.A. (to support the 
company’s development plan, in line with the objective of supporting Italy’s 
energy transition as outlined in the 2030 Integrated National Energy and 
Climate Plan) and in PSN S.p.A. (in support of the overall plan to accelerate the 
country’s digital transformation thus guaranteeing the security and reliability of 
data and providing innovative services to citizens and businesses); 
• signing the binding agreements to fully divest the equity investment held in 
Rocco Forte Hotels Limited, in the context of the broader transaction involving 
the entry into the company’s capital of the Saudi Arabian sovereign wealth fund 
Public Investment Fund7; 
• the subscription of FoF Infrastrutture, the new Fund of Funds managed by CDP 
Real Asset SGR, to support infrastructure development in Italy through 
selective investment in specialised funds with a greenfield/revamping 
component and characterised by ESG and sustainability features, thereby 
fostering the attraction of institutional investors. During the year, the first 30 
million euro investment was committed in the Sustainable Securities Fund (a 
fund managed by Alternative Capital Partners SGR) to support energy 
transition in Italy through small and medium-sized infrastructure projects, 
 
 
7 The transaction was completed on 17 January 2024

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
mainly greenfield, with a focus on energy efficiency, circular economy and 
renewables; 
• the subscription, also in the infrastructure sector, of commitments in the 
Marguerite III Fund (in addition to the capital already committed after having 
obtained the InvestEU guarantee by the European Commission), with the aim 
of supporting the Italian infrastructure market and fostering the development of 
projects with environmental and social objectives (energy and digital transition, 
circular economy and renewable energies); 
• the subscription of commitments in the Large Ventures Fund (in addition to the 
capital already committed) and in the International Fund of Funds, in order to 
create a sustainable national venture capital ecosystem and to attract both 
national and international third-party resources for the progressive 
development of new segments; 
• the subscription, in the private equity market segment, of commitments in the 
Fondo Italiano Tecnologia e Crescita II (“FITEC II”) and the Fondo Italiano 
Consolidamento e Crescita II (“FICC II”), with the aim of supporting market 
growth and specialisation through SME investments in strategic supply chains; 
• support to funds in the alternative financing and International Cooperation & 
Development Finance field, for which reference is made to the relevant 
paragraphs (i.e. Corporate Finance and Support for Internationalisation and 
International Cooperation and Development Finance. 
Moreover, the investment activity of the equity funds in which the CDP Group has 
invested over time also continued in 2023, mainly in support of the private equity, 
private debt, venture capital and infrastructure markets as well as in International 
Cooperation & Development Finance. 
F. Real Estate  
Through the Real Estate Department and the Group Companies, in line with its role of 
National Promotional Institution, CDP operates in support of the real estate sector. Its 
objectives include both supporting social cohesion, mainly through urban regeneration 
and social housing initiatives, fostering the growth of the tourism-hotels sector and the 
development of its real estate assets.  
The real estate portfolio of the CDP Group at 31 December 2023 is broken down as 
follows:  
• direct equity investments in companies either functional to the Group’s mission 
(mainly CDP Real Asset SGR) or in entities that manage real estate assets in line 
with the objectives of the CDP Group;  
• indirect investments, through investment funds, in support of projects for urban 
redevelopment, social housing and renovation of tourist facilities (mainly managed 
by CDP Real Asset SGR), thus facilitating the involvement of third-party 
institutional investors, with the aim of increasing support for the economy through 
the so-called “multiplier effect”.

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
Real Estate investments and funds - portfolio composition 
(millions of euro; %) 
31/12/2023 
31/12/2022 Change (+ / -) 
Change(%) 
A. Group companies 
1 
526
(525) 
-99.7% 
B. Other equity investments 
4 
4 
0.0% 
C. Investment funds and investment vehicles 
1,980 
1,571
408 
+26.0% 
Total 
1,985 
2,101
(116)(*) 
-5.5% 
(*)  the decrease in value recognised on Group companies is mainly attributable to the distribution by CDP Immobiliare of 
the units subscribed in the funds, with a consequent increase in the value of the specific cluster, and the transfer of CDP 
Immobiliare in Fintecna 
 
During 2023, the main initiatives of the CDP Group in the real estate sector included: 
• 
the completion of the main activities of the Reorganisation Plan of the Real 
Estate department, in line with the guidelines of the 2022–2024 Strategic Plan, 
with the aim of strengthening its role in the sector through the allocation of the 
real estate portfolio and activities by competence centre (CDP Real Asset SGR 
for asset and fund management operations and Fintecna for the provision of 
real estate services and the management of sales processes for the non-
strategic portfolio); In particular, during the year (i) certain assets were 
transferred from CDP Immobiliare Srl to Fondo Sviluppo and FIV Plus 
(managed by CDP Real Asset SGR) and the shares thus subscribed in the 
Funds were distributed to CDP S.p.A., (ii) CDP Immobiliare Srl sold to Fintecna, 
the "Real Estate Services" business unit , (iii) CDP subscribed shares of the 
Fondo Sviluppo, (iv) CDP Immobiliare Srl was liquidated, with the appointment 
of Fintecna as liquidator and finally (v) the equity investment in CDP 
Immobiliare Srl in liquidation was transferred from CDP to Fintecna; 
• 
the definition and approval of the consultancy and co-investment agreement 
with the European Investment Fund that will enable a total of 300 million euro 
to be allocated to real estate redevelopment that will have a direct impact in 
terms of urban regeneration and social inclusion; 
• 
the subscription by FNAS of the iGeneration fund, a national platform that aims 
to create around 1,800 beds in innovative university accommodation 
throughout Italy. 
Investing activities continued over the year, with around 225 million euro of 
investments, alongside the marketing and sale of assets. Among the others we report: 
• 
activity in support of the hospitality industry through the investments and work 
of the FT1 and FT2 funds, aimed at the growth and consolidation of operators, 
through the acquisition of new assets both in the city hotel segment (3 hotels in 
Lombardy, 2 in Lazio and 1 in Trentino-Alto Adige) and beach resorts (2 hotels 
in Sardinia) and the continuation of investments in the existing portfolio; 
• 
investments in larger assets, with complex planning processes, which also have 
considerable social impact, including the former Poligrafico dello Stato, the Torri

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
dell’Eur in the EUR area of Rome, and the former Manifattura Tabacchi in 
Florence for which respective redevelopment works continued; 
• 
redevelopment work through the FIV fund, including the start of the process to 
market the Guido Reni building, for its sale; 
• 
the continuation of the FIA fund’s investing activities in support of social 
housing, with the provision of over 650 new social housing units and beds. 
Special Purpose Assets (Patrimonio Destinato) pursuant to Rilancio Decree 
On 17 July 2020, the Law Decree dated 19 May 2020, No. 34 (so-called “Rilancio 
Decree”) has been converted, with amendments, into law and its Article 27 provides 
that: “In order to […] support and relaunch the Italian economic-productive system after 
the "Covid-19" epidemiological emergency, CDP S.p.A. is entitled to establish a 
special purpose asset called "Patrimonio Rilancio" […] to which are transferred assets 
and legal relationships by the Ministry of the Economy and Finance”. Moreover, Article 
27 of the Rilancio Decree provides, among others, that: “The Patrimonio Destinato, as 
well as each of its sub-funds, is autonomous and separate, in all respects, from the 
assets of CDP S.p.A..” 
Pursuant to Article 27, paragraph 4, of the Rilancio Decree, the resources of the 
Patrimonio Destinato shall be used to support and relaunch the Italian economic 
production system. The Patrimonio Destinato operates in accordance with the 
conditions provided for by the European Union's regulatory framework on State aid 
adopted to deal with the "Covid-19" epidemic or at market conditions. The 
interventions of the Patrimonio Destinato concern “joint-stock companies, including 
those with shares listed on regulated markets and those set up as cooperatives, which: 
a) have their registered office in Italy; b) do not operate in the banking, financial or 
insurance sector and c) have an annual turnover of more than EUR 50 million”. 
Access requirements, terms, criteria, and modalities of the interventions of the 
Patrimonio Destinato are set out by the Decree of the Minister of the Economy and 
Finance dated 3 February 2021, No. 26, published in the so-called “Gazzetta Ufficiale” 
on 10 March 2021.  
Pursuant to Article 27, paragraphs 2 and 17, of the Rilancio Decree, the Decree of the 
Minister of the Economy and Finance dated 7 May 2021, No. 37612, published in the 
so-called “Gazzetta Ufficiale” on 15 May 2021 (so-called “Decreto Apporto”), among 
other things, sets out the initial funding of the Patrimonio Destinato, providing for the 
allocation to CDP, on behalf of the Patrimonio Destinato, of government securities to 
be issued for approximately 3 billion Euro.  
Following the approval of CDP’s shareholders meeting on 26 May 2021, 
Patrimonio Destinato has been formed on 7 June 2021, by registering CDP 
shareholders meeting’s resolution in the competent companies’ register (so-called 
“Registro delle Imprese”). 
More precisely, Patrimonio Destinato is composed by the following three sub-funds:

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
- 
Fondo Nazionale Supporto Temporaneo: temporary interventions in companies 
which have been affected by the Covid-19 outbreak, in compliance with the 
measures set forth in the “Communication from the Commission: Temporary 
Framework for state aid measures to support the economy in the current Covid-
19 outbreak”;8 
- 
Fondo Nazionale Strategico: long-term investments, together with other private 
investors, in companies characterised by solid growth prospects to support their 
development plans; 
- 
Fondo 
Nazionale 
Ristrutturazioni 
Imprese: 
interventions 
in 
companies 
characterised by temporary economic and financial imbalances but with adequate 
profit-generating prospects. 
 
CDP ACTIVITIES 
A. The Account Systems 
A.1 The Separate Account System 
Pursuant to paragraph 8 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269 and to article 6 of CDP's by-
laws, CDP has established a Separate Account System in which the activities under 
letters (A1), (A2), (C), (D) where applicable, (E) where applicable, (F), (G) and (H) of 
article 3 of CDP's by-laws where applicable, as well as any other instrumental, 
connected or ancillary activity carried out using funds pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 
7, letter (a), are to be registered and managed. The Separate Account System is 
established for accounting and organisational purposes only, so that from a legal point 
of view, CDP remains a single legal entity and any creditors of CDP may recover their 
claims by attaching them to all of CDP's assets (except for those segregated in favour 
of certain creditors only pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 18). 
The Separate Account System is managed in line with applicable transparency and 
economic safeguard criteria. Article 6 of CDP's by-laws has been amended in order to 
specify that, for the transactions referred to in letter (A2) of paragraph 1 of article 3 of 
CDP's by-laws, the economic and financial sustainability of each project shall be 
assessed. 
Such organisational and accounting separation aims at highlighting the economic 
balance of the Separate Account System and at enabling the MEF to exercise its 
powers to issue guidelines thereon and to ensure compliance with EU legislation on 
State Aid, competition and transparency. 
Pursuant to paragraphs 9 and 11 of Article 5 of Law Decree 269, the MEF has the 
power to determine the general policies of the Separate Account System and to issue 
decrees on, inter alia, the determination of the criteria for the definition of general 
economic terms of the demand of passbook savings accounts, postal savings bonds, 
other securities and other financial transactions guaranteed by the Republic of Italy, 
 
 
8 Fondo Nazionale Supporto Temporaneo operated until 30 June 2022 (i.e. expiration date of the “Communication 
from the European Commission: Temporary Framework for state aid measures to support the economy in the 
current Covid-19 outbreak”).

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
as well as those for the granting of loans by means of funds pursuant to Article 5, 
paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 and for the management of the 
shareholdings and participations held by CDP. 
The implementation by CDP of the decrees or guidelines issued by the MEF in 
connection with the Separate Account System is ensured by the attendance of 
Additional Directors (as defined below) at the meetings of the board of directors of 
CDP (the "Board of Directors") convened to resolve on matters relating to the 
Separate Account System (for details on the Additional Directors see paragraph 
"Board of Directors, Managing Director and General Manager" below). To pass a valid 
resolution involving the management of the Separate Account System, at least two 
Additional Directors are required to be present at the board meeting and to vote for its 
adoption. 
In addition, the Parliamentary Supervisory Committee is composed of four members 
of the Italian Senate (Senato della Repubblica), four members of the Italian Chamber 
of Deputies (Camera dei Deputati), three judges of the Council of State (Consiglio di 
Stato), and one judge of the State Audit Court (Corte dei Conti), and supervises the 
Separate Account System of CDP pursuant to paragraph 9 of Article 5 and Royal 
Decree No. 453 of 2 January 1913 ("Royal Decree 453"). 
On 24 December 2021, CDP, as issuer, and Poste Italiane, as distributor, entered into 
a new Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement - which became effective in February 
2022 upon satisfaction of the relevant condition precedent and was amended on 30 
January 2024 - for the distribution of postal savings instruments, for a four-year term 
starting on 1 January 2021 and ending on 31 December 2024. The Poste Italiane 
Distribution Agreement consolidates the relationship between CDP and Poste Italiane, 
strengthening their partnership to serve Italian investors and supporting Italy's 
economic growth. 
Pursuant to the Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement, the remuneration of Poste 
Italiane, which is the only distributor of postal savings instruments issued by CDP, is 
proportionate to the stock of postal savings products (passbook savings accounts and 
postal savings bonds) and the annual flows of bond subscriptions. 
Safeguard mechanisms and reductions in remuneration due to Poste Italiane are also 
foreseen in case the net funding deviates from the objectives set for each year. 
Any and all transactions and business activities entered into by CDP in connection 
with funding and lending under the Separate Account System are exempt from 
registration tax, stamp duty, mortgage tax and other indirect taxes. 
In the context of the Separate Account System, CDP carries out a number of lending 
transactions. Among others, pursuant to Article 3, paragraph 1, letter (A2) of CDP's 
by-laws, funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 can be used 
by CDP not only to finance Public Entities but also to finance, inter alia: 
(i) 
transactions of public interest promoted by Public Entities in accordance with 
the criteria established by the MEF decree of 12 March 2009; and 
(ii) 
transactions of public interest related to areas of general interest identified by 
the MEF decree of 12 April 2016,

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
upon satisfactory assessment of the economic and financial feasibility of the relevant 
transaction. 
Regarding the transactions of public interest promoted by Public Entities, the MEF 
decree of 12 March 2009 introduced: 
(a) the eligible criteria to identify the transactions promoted by the Public Entities 
which may be financed under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 
269, and including alternatively: 
(i) 
transactions which benefit from long-term public or European grants or 
other forms of public incentives for the realisation of investments or 
supplies of national interest; 
(ii) 
transactions under public concession regime; 
(iii) 
transactions carried out in execution of agreements between the Public 
Entities and third party countries or European Union institutions or 
Member States; 
(iv) 
transactions under public-private partnership scheme; 
(v) 
transactions included in planning instruments of the Public Entities; 
(vi) 
transactions in co-financing with EIB; 
(vii) 
transactions aimed at fulfilling Public Entities' institutional role; 
(b) 
that the borrowers under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 
may be public or private legal entities, with the exclusion of natural persons, 
and 
(c) 
that CDP shall provide funding for the above-mentioned transactions under 
Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 based on the 
creditworthiness of the prospective borrower and of the economic and financial 
sustainability of the relevant transaction. 
As a general principle, funds provided by CDP with reference to the transactions 
mentioned above should not exceed 50 per cent. of the relevant financing. 
Regarding the transactions of public interest related to areas of general interest, the 
MEF decree of 12 April 2016 introduced: 
(a) 
the areas of general interest in which CDP can carry out transactions of public 
interest towards private entities, under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law 
Decree 269, which are: 
(i) 
environment and energy; 
(ii) 
communications and digital; 
(iii) 
infrastructures, transport and construction;

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
(iv) 
insurance and financial intermediation aimed at savings protection and 
credit access; 
(v) 
research, innovation, education and training; 
(vi) 
public services and health; 
(vii) 
tourism and hospitality, also through the real estate assets promotion 
and management; 
(viii) 
cultural heritage promotion and management; 
(ix) 
areas which benefit from national and European public funds; and 
(x) 
areas which operate plants or productive settlements recognised as 
strategic interest, as well as companies of relevant national interest. 
(b) 
the public interest transactions related to the above-mentioned areas must be 
carried out: 
(i) 
based on the economic and financial sustainability and the respective 
public interest; and 
(ii) 
preferably jointly with other financial institutions. 
CDP's by-laws provides that the financing of transactions promoted by Public Entities 
or carried out in general interest areas, using funds under Article 5, paragraph 7, letter 
(a) of Law Decree 269, must comply with the following requirements, the financing (i) 
may be conducted either directly by CDP or through the banking system, provided that 
the financial transactions conducted directly by CDP must involve an amount equal to 
or greater than Euro 25,000,000 (twenty-five million) or also for a lower amount as 
provided by CDP's risk rules, in the event that such financial transactions are 
conducted by CDP in its capacity as National Promotional Institution in the contest of 
investment platforms as defined by the regulations in force, or in its capacity as 
Financial Institution for Development Cooperation, or for the purposes of Article 3, 
paragraph 1, letter (A2), point (vii) of CDP's by-laws, (ii) may be carried out in favour 
of public and/or private legal entities excluding natural persons, (iii) must fall under the 
Separate Account System which is based on transparency and economic equilibrium 
criteria and (iv) requires the assessment of the economic and financial sustainability 
of the relevant project.  
A.2 The Ordinary Account System 
All of CDP’s other business activities that are not specifically attributed to the Separate 
Account System are carried out by the Ordinary Account System organisational unit. 
While not specifically cited in article 5 of Decree Law 269, the Ordinary Account 
System encompasses the other activities of CDP, namely, those that are not assigned 
by law to the Separate Account System.

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
In particular, pursuant to article 5, paragraph 7, letter b), of Decree Law 269, CDP’s 
Articles of Association include among the activities designed to achieve its mission 
that are not assigned to the Separate Account System: 
- 
the granting of loans, preferably under joint financing arrangements with credit 
institutions, for: (i) works, systems, networks and equipment designed for 
initiatives of public utility; and (ii) investments in the research, development, 
innovation, protection and enhancement of cultural heritage, the promotion of 
tourism, the environment and energy efficiency sustainable development, the 
green economy and initiatives for company growth, including through business 
mergers and/or acquisitions, in Italy and abroad; 
- 
acquiring, including indirectly, equity investments in companies of major 
national interest with a stable financial position, stable financial performance 
and adequate profit-generating prospects which satisfy the requirements set out 
in the decree of the Minister of the Economy and Finance pursuant to article 5, 
paragraph 8-bis, of the abovementioned decree law; 
- 
acquiring: (i) covered bank bonds backed by mortgages on residential real 
estate and/or securities issued under law 130 of 30 April 1999, as part of 
securitisation transactions involving receivables deriving from mortgages on 
residential real estate; and (ii) securities issued under law 130 of 30 April 1999, 
as part of securitisation transactions involving receivables from SMEs; and 
- 
providing consultancy services and conducting studies, research and analysis 
of economic and financial matters. 
In line with the above, in the context of the Ordinary Account System, CDP carries out 
a number of lending transactions. Among others, pursuant to article 3, letter (B) of 
CDP's by-laws, CDP also provides debt products, in any form and preferably jointly 
with other financial institutions. 
In this respect CDP can finance: 
- 
construction works, grid/networks and infrastructures of public interest; 
- 
investments in research, development, innovation; 
- 
investments aimed at protecting and promoting cultural heritage; 
- 
investments aimed at promoting tourism; 
- 
environment and energy efficiency initiatives as well as aimed at promoting 
sustainable development and green economy; 
- 
initiatives aimed at supporting the growth of companies in Italy and abroad. 
Such transactions can be financed via funds raised by CDP through either debt market 
or capital market  as well as via public or private grants (including grants provided by 
international organisations) which do not benefit from any Republic of Italy guarantee 
and not deriving from any first-hand fund-raising (the Ordinary Account System).

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
Under the Ordinary Account System, terms and conditions of each financing is set by 
CDP without specific restrictions, acting like any other financial intermediary being 
driven by adequate financial return and operating at market conditions. 
Creditworthiness of each potential borrower, is duly assessed by CDP based on 
business plan soundness, cash flow generation capacity, corporate structure and 
ability to provide adequate guarantees. 
CDP offers a wide range of debt products, ranging from plain-vanilla corporate loans 
to project finance transactions. 
Taking into consideration the different targets, purposes and regulations of the 
relevant lending activities, CDP does not, in principle, commit to financing projects 
using funds falling under the Ordinary Account System as well as funds under Article 
5, paragraph 7, letter (a) of Law Decree 269 at the same time. 
FUNDING 
In order to pursue its corporate purpose and strategy, CDP accesses different sources 
of liquidity. CDP principal source of funding are postal savings, however it also 
accesses the capital markets through bond issues and obtains funding through banks 
and customers (including the Italian Treasury Department). The paragraphs below set 
out a summary of the main funding sources. 
Postal funding 
CDP main source of funding consists of postal savings. CDP raises such funds by 
issuing (i) interest-bearing postal savings bonds, which are securities that are not 
traded on the secondary market, redeemable on demand, not incurring any cost and 
pay increasing interest over time and (ii) passbook savings accounts, which are 
savings deposits through which deposits and withdrawals can be made and which 
allow customers to receive interest on the deposit at no cost. Both postal savings 
bonds and passbook savings accounts are guaranteed by the Italian State, 
redeemable at par at any time and constitute one of the largest forms of private savings 
in Italy, accounting for approximately 6%, of total household financial assets from 27 
million customers as of December 31, 2023. 
Postal savings, which allow CDP to pursue its institutional mission, are the main 
source of funding of the Separate Account System and may only be used to fund the 
business activities which fall within the scope of the Separate Account System. In 
particular, as at 31 December 2023 postal savings represented 81% of CDP’s total 
funding in the Separate Account System (equal to Euro 285 billion out of a total of 
Euro 353 billion). 
Postal savings bonds and passbook savings accounts are distributed exclusively by 
Poste Italiane pursuant to the Poste Italiane Distribution Agreement. For further 
information on such agreement see “The Separate Account System” above. 
Bond Funding  
Debt Issuance Programme

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
With reference to medium-long term funding under the Programme, during 2023 CDP 
issued Notes for a total nominal amount of Euro 1.325 million. In particular, CDP 
issued an inaugural Green Bond for a nominal amount of Euro 500 million, a 
conventional Bond for a nominal amount of Euro 500 million, and two private 
placements for a total nominal amount of Euro 325 million under the Ordinary Account 
System. In February 2024, CDP issued its seventh Social Bond for a nominal amount 
of Euro 750 million under the Separate Account System. 
In the context of the Programme CDP has developed a Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below), updated in December 2023, in 
accordance with the most recent Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines, published by the ICMA. 
The aim of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) 
is to promote the financing of specific investments which have positive impacts in 
terms of social and environmental sustainability, thus supporting the achievement of 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Each Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bond can focus on one, more than one or all the categories included in 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) from time to 
time, making it an important tool in contributing to the promotion of sustainable 
development. 
CDP is active as an ESG issuer through the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as defined below) since 2017. CDP has issued 1 Green Bond, 7 Social 
Bonds and 2 Sustainability Bonds, for an overall amount of Euro 6.75 billion. In line 
with its role as National Promotional Institution, and with its strategic approach to 
sustainability aimed at contribute to the achievement of the 17 United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals, CDP recognises the importance of its role in 
supporting sustainability and continues to operate by strengthening its commitment to 
sustainable finance tools, in line with environmental, social and governance standards.  
Yankee Bond 
In 2023, CDP issued its first bond denominated in US dollars, reserved for institutional 
investors resident both in the United States of America and outside of the United 
States of America (the "Yankee Bond"), for a total nominal amount of $1 billion. In 
2024, CDP issued a second Yankee Bond for a total nominal amount of $ 1.5 billion. 
These two issuances enable CDP to continue with its strategy of diversifying funding 
sources. 
Domestic Programme 
In 2015, CDP launched a domestic bond-issuance programme (the “Domestic 
Programme”) approved by CONSOB and reserved for retail investors (individuals 
residing in Italy). The purpose of the Domestic Programme is to expand the funding 
sources dedicated to the financing of projects of public interest, which were previously 
funded by postal savings products. 
In 2019, CDP issued the second bond under the Domestic Programme. This bond – 
issued with a nominal amount of Euro 1.5 billion – will expire on 28 June 2026 and 
bears a fixed-to-floating interest rate.

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
In 2023, CDP issued the third bond under the Domestic Programme. This bond – 
issued with a nominal amount of Euro 2 billion – will expire on 4 December 2029 and 
bears a fixed-to-floating interest rate. 
Multi-Currency Commercial Paper Programme (Programma di Cambiali Finanziarie) 
With reference to short-term funding, CDP established a Euro 6 billion multi-currency 
Commercial Paper Programme (Programma di Cambiali Finanziarie) which allows for 
the issuance of commercial papers in multiple currencies, governed by Italian Law 
pursuant to Law No. 43 of 13 January 1994, as amended by Law No. 134 of 7 August 
2012 (the "CP Programme"). The commercial papers issued by CDP may be listed 
on ExtraMOT PRO, a non-regulated market managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. The 
programme has obtained the STEP label from the STEP Secretariat managed by the 
European Money Markets Institute. With the aim to increase the ESG instruments 
available to CDP, an ESG label was added for instruments issued under the CP 
Programme in its latest update in 2023. As of 31 December 2023, the nominal amount 
of outstanding issues was equal to Euro 848 million, all under the Ordinary Account 
System. 
Funding from banks  
CDP also raises funds on the money market mainly through secured transactions, 
bilaterally with banks as counterparties and through the CCP - Central Counterparty 
(Euronext Clearing) in the form of repurchase agreements, which may have a term of 
up to 10 years, as well as through banks deposits (in both Euro and U.S. Dollars). 
CDP also has access to standard and non-standard open market operations 
conducted by the European Central Bank. In addition, CDP raises funds by entering 
into medium-long term loan agreements, some of which may pursue ESG objectives, 
with European financial institutions, such as the EIB and the CEB. 
Such sources of funding are used to finance the activities that fall under both the 
Separate Account System and the Ordinary Account System, depending on the 
projects to be financed. 
As of 31 December 2023, the Issuer's stock of funding from banks was equal to Euro 
52 billion. 
With specific reference to bilateral facility agreements with European financial 
institutions, in 2023, CDP entered into five new loan agreements with the EIB and one 
with the CEB, for a total amount of Euro 1.237 billion. In particular, in the first half of 
2023, CDP entered into two new facilities in support of the “Plafond Sisma Centro 
Italia”, for a total amount of Euro 600 million, of which Euro 350 million with the CEB 
and Euro 250 million with the EIB, and another facility agreement with the EIB, for 
Euro 50 million, aimed at supporting the investment plan for the ports of Civitavecchia 
and Fiumicino. In the second half of the year, CDP entered into three new facility 
agreements with the EIB: (i) a Euro 92 million credit facility in support of the A32 
Highway’s modernization, (ii) a Euro 400 million credit facility in support of SMEs and 
Midcaps, and (iii) a Euro 95 million credit facility for the construction of the new 
Campus of the University of Milan.  
During 2023, CDP drew down a total amount of Euro 641 million from the EIB and the 
CEB credit facilities, primarily for the financing of reconstruction projects in areas

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
devastated by earthquakes (through the “Plafond Sisma Centro Italia”), school 
buildings work, and for the financing of SMEs and Midcaps (directly or through the 
“Plafond Piattaforma Imprese”). 
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding drawn amount of credit facilities granted by 
the EIB and the CEB was equal to Euro 5.1 billion, of which Euro 4.8 billion granted 
by the EIB and approximately Euro 0.4 billion granted by the CEB.

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
CDP GROUP'S 2022 – 2024 STRATEGIC PLAN  
In November 2021, our Board of Directors approved a new strategic plan for the three-
year period from 2022 until 2024 (the "2022-2024 Strategic Plan"). The 2022-2024 
Strategic Plan defines our strategic guidelines to face four major global trends: (i) 
climate change and protection of the ecosystem; (ii) inclusive and sustainable growth; 
(iii) digitization and innovation and (iv) rethinking value chains. 
On the base of these trends we have identified ten areas of action, as set out in the 
chart below, intended to guide our operations and simultaneously identify a new 
approach for the analysis of business initiatives 
. 
 
 
In line with our mission, we act in the identified areas of action through debt and equity 
instruments, the management of public fund mandates, as well as by supporting our 
counterparties by providing technical assistance and advisory services. The methods 
and areas of action identified are fully consistent with the goals of the UN Agenda 2030 
for Sustainable Development and the missions of the NRRP. The NRRP was adopted 
by the MEF in 2021 to address the economic and social damage caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic and outlines a comprehensive package of reforms and 
investments to access the financial resources made available by the European Union. 
In order to best direct our action, the strategy underlying the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan 
is structured around three major transformational pillars, which will transversally affect 
our activities, as described below: 
1. 
Sector analysis and impact assessment, focusing on identifying macro and 
industry trends as well as gaps and on adopting specific financing and 
investment policies to bridge these gaps. These policies provide ex-ante 
guidance when making decisions and allow the social, economic and 
environmental impact of operations to be measured ex-post, with the objective 
of directing our resources towards Italy's priority areas and bridging the most 
significant market gaps while preserving our economic and financial

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
sustainability and of the projects we support. Accordingly, our lending and 
investment processes will evolve, integrating the current analysis with 
engineering, economic and sustainability expertise provided by the so-called 
"competence centers", which are three newly established internal structures 
specialized by thematic area (i.e., urban regeneration and infrastructures, 
natural resources, energy and environment and innovation and digitization). In 
particular, based on such analysis, we are able to formulate an action strategy 
and to identify financial instruments and/or products and the forms of risk 
mitigation for its implementation. We then evaluate the projects by analysing 
their financial, technical, sustainability and legal impacts and adopt the 
necessary actions accordingly. Following the conclusion of each project, we 
carry out an impact analysis to assess (i) the achievement of our targets and (ii) 
the need to implement certain policies to improve our operating model. 
2. 
Advisory and management of public Italian and European funds, especially for 
the benefit of the Public Administration (PA), to support it in overcoming its 
historical weaknesses and with a view to directing investments towards high-
quality projects. 
3. 
Financial instruments available to businesses and public administrations in the 
capacity as Promotional and Development Institution, to support every phase 
of the life cycle of companies or projects and to take strong action in support of 
international development cooperation. Our action must be supplementary and 
complementary to other available forms of financing, inclusive and unifying 
towards the market. Specifically: 
• 
Loans and guarantees: the use of such instruments has been increased to 
support infrastructure, the Italian Public Administrations and companies 
through a policy that is able to foster virtuous investments, in line with ESG 
sustainability criteria. For this purpose, we have boosted our technical 
assessment capacity and enhanced the mechanisms that blend both our 
own and third-party resources. Furthermore, we support companies in 
international expansion by ensuring a direct commitment through their own 
resources and developing non-bank lending instruments. All of the above 
activities are also functional to reinforcing our role in the sector of 
international cooperation, in partnership with multilateral development 
banks.  
• 
Equity: we have adopted a new portfolio management approach. On the 
one hand, we make equity investments that we consider strategic, where 
we retain our role as permanent shareholder in infrastructure, or assets of 
importance to Italy. On the other hand, we make targeted investments to 
boost the growth or the stabilization of Italian companies in strategic sectors, 
though with an exit and capital turnover rationale. Finally, we plan to 
increase our investments in private equity and venture capital. In all these 
cases, operations are based on the crowding-in principle, that is the ability 
to attract resources from other investors. 
• 
Real estate: in addition to our ongoing commitment to tourism, we are 
focusing on social, senior and student housing to make a significant impact 
on the Italian territory, also through partnerships with banking foundations. 
Overall, the management of the real estate portfolio will be based on urban 
regeneration projects, specifically targeting Southern Italy, development or

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
2022-2024, billion Euro* 
 
21 
53 
 
 
34 
56 
 
2 
4 
 
 
7 
13 
 
1 
2 
INVESTMENTS ACTIVATED 
RESOURCES DEPLOYED 
direct sales, according to principles of transparency and value maximization. 
Furthermore, the Real Estate Department aims to strengthen our role in the 
sector, also through a clear distribution of skills and a more rational 
allocation of the real estate portfolio. 
 
 
Over the 2022-2024 period, the CDP Group expects to deploy resources for 
approximately €65 billion (which is 5% higher compared to the 2019-2021 strategic 
plan) and attract approximately an additional €63 billion (a 27% increase compared to 
the 2019-2021 strategic plan) of third-party resources, for a total activated investment 
of approximately €128 billion, representing a 14% increase compared to the 2019-
2021 strategic plan. The CDP Group's commitment will focus on having a strong effect 
at an economic and social level, with real and tangible positive results for businesses, 
Italian Public Administrations and households. 
The CDP Group expects to activate investments in its six operational lines as follows: 
€56 billion to Lending to enterprises and support for international expansion (of which 
€34 billion are expected to be resources deployed directly by the CDP Group), €53 
billion to Public Administration and Infrastructures (of which €21 billion are expected 
to be resources deployed directly by the CDP Group), €4 billion to International 
Cooperation and Development Finance (of which €2 billion are expected to be 
resources deployed directly by the CDP Group), €13 billion to Equity (of which €7 
billion are expected to be resources deployed directly by the CDP Group) and €2 billion 
to Real Estate (of which €1 billion are expected to be resources deployed directly by 
the CDP Group)

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
 
 
 
In the last part of 2022, due to the geopolitical and macroeconomic context determined 
in particular by the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, we conducted an analysis of the 2022-
2024 Strategic Plan with the aim of identifying the possible implications that such 
events had on our activities. Following such analyses, the overall strategic framework 
of the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan, its assumptions and objectives, including the target 
of resources to be deployed and investments to be made, were confirmed. However, 
we have identified some areas to be updated and, in some cases, new initiatives to be 
undertaken, in line with the overall framework. 
 
SUSTAINABILITY 
Sustainable development is a founding element of CDP’s strategy, which embarked 
on a constantly evolving process to integrate sustainability into corporate governance, 
company processes, business activities and corporate culture, as follow: 
I. 
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors are integrating into all 
company processes and internal regulations, through a robust sustainability 
governance system to seize opportunities, manage related risks and maximize 
long-term value. In light of the new strategy envisaged by the 2022-2024 Strategic 
Plan, the sustainability governance has been recently reviewed, with the aim of 
integrating sustainability ever more deeply into the Group's governance model 
and to ensure that environmental, social and governance issues are managed 
more efficiently and effectively in corporate processes. In particular, the ex-ante 
assessment of lending operations is now part of the Sector Strategy and Impact 
Department; the Administration, Finance and Control Department – renamed 
Administration, Finance, Control and Sustainability - now includes activities 
related to sustainability governance, the definition and monitoring of the ESG Plan 
and of the general and sector sustainability policies, and non-financial reporting; 
the Communications, External Relations and Sustainability Department - 
renamed Communications, External Relations, Arts and Culture - remains 
responsible for managing activities to develop, promote and enhance CDP's ESG 
profile among internal and external stakeholders. The role of technical 
competence centres remains unchanged, i.e., to assess the technical aspects of 
financed projects in the following sectors: natural resources, energy and 
environment, development and urban regeneration infrastructures and innovation 
and digitalisation. 
Furthermore, four internal committees assist the Board of Directors with advisory 
and recommendation functions, and a support committee promotes a 
collaborative relationship between CDP and its minority shareholders. Among

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
these, the Risk and Sustainability Committee perform oversight functions and 
formulates proposals for guidelines on risk management and the evaluation of the 
adoption of new products, as well as providing support on sustainability strategy, 
policies and reporting. On February 2024, the ESG Council was created to 
support the Chief Executive Officer in making decisions and managing ESG 
project interdependencies, to ensure organic, integrated, and consistent 
management of all projects in the area of sustainability. 
II. 
In line with the “Policy Driven” approach, as stated in the Strategic Plan, the 
CDP’s Board of Directors approved ten Sectoral Strategic Guidelines and eleven 
sustainability policies (five in 2022 and six in 2023) which aim to integrate 
sustainability aspects in operations. With a view of transparency and ongoing 
dialogue with stakeholders, the policies were discussed with sustainability experts 
and representatives of civil society before their approval. All the policies are 
available on CDP's corporate website, and they are subject to periodic reviews to 
reflect changes in the regulatory framework, in the context and any developments 
in CDP’s strategy.  
Moreover, in June 2022 the Board of Directors approved the first ESG Plan, 
representing the first step for the final integration of sustainability in business 
strategies. The ESG Plan defines sustainability targets and commitments; in 
particular, CDP undertakes to: (i) being a green institution that is virtuous in its 
consumption and use of resources (e.g. -50% CO2 emissions by 2024 and -100% 
by 20309); (ii) being an institution whose main asset is its employees, protecting 
their diversity and well-being (e.g., 30% of women in top management positions 
by 2024; sustainability objectives accounting for 30% of total MBO objectives); 
being a Smart Company able to digitise and innovate (e.g., annual investment in 
transformation accounting for 45% of total ICT investment; more than 40% of 
applications to be cloud-based by 2024); (iv) being an institution attentive to its 
supply chain (e.g., more than 70% of purchases from suppliers with 
social/environmental certifications by 2024). In line with the commitments taken 
within the ESG Plan, in June 2023, the Board of Directors approved the first target 
of reduction of the GHG emissions of the lending portfolio by 203010 
III. 
CDP embraces a model for assessing climatic and environmental risks and has 
formulated an internal methodology, known as the Sustainable Development 
Assessment (SDA). This methodology is designed to systematically incorporate 
potential Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) factors into the lending 
process, especially for transactions involving private entities, international 
cooperation counterparts, and public sector entities undergoing the standard 
funding assessment process. In accordance with the principles outlined in the 
General Responsible Lending Policy, the SDA model enables a comprehensive 
 
 
9 Targets related to the Group Companies, understood as CDP SpA and the companies it directly controls and over 
which it exercises management and coordination. Market-based methodology. 2019 baseline. Total emissions 
are related to scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3, and the latter refers to business travel. 
10 Target of carbon intensity reduction relative to the direct lending portfolio of the following business units: 
Financing to Corporates, Infrastructure and International Cooperation and Development Finance – the latter 
solely regarding lending to private corporations. Public Administration and Equity activities are not included within 
the perimeter. Baseline 2022.

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
assessment of the potential positive and negative impacts associated with 
financed initiatives. This evaluation takes into account environmental, social, 
economic and governance aspects, considering technical details where relevant 
with the support of specialized Competence Centers. Additionally, it evaluates the 
additionality profile of each initiative and their alignment with CDP's Strategic 
Guidelines, thus ensuring a comprehensive and detailed analysis. These 
assessments play a crucial role in CDP's internal decision-making processes, 
complementing traditional risk assessments such as risk profile analysis, 
compliance and anti-money laundering checks, financial condition evaluations, 
and legal considerations. The comprehensive integration of these diverse 
assessments aims to promote greater awareness and intentionality in initiatives 
supported by CDP, with the goal of furthering areas of action and interventions 
expected to have the greatest impact. 
IV. 
A responsible activity of monitoring and reporting the Group’s non-financial 
performance. This activity is constantly evolving with respect to the analysis and 
selection of the international reporting standards and the refinement of the data 
collection process to minimise operational risks and track non-financial data at 
the Group level. The Integrated Report of the CDP Group - in 2023 in its fourth 
edition - was published in response to the need to report the financial, social, 
environmental and governance results through a unitary tool, increasingly 
orienting the company’s work towards “integrated thinking”. In accordance with 
Article 8 of the Taxonomy, the CDP Group, as one of the entities obliged to 
publish non-financial information (pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/16), has 
undertaken, for the third year of reporting, to disclose to investors, as well as to 
its stakeholders, the extent to which its assets are associated with economic 
activities considered potentially environmentally sustainable. Moreover, starting 
from FY 2023, the CDP Group publish the Green Asset Ratio (so-called “GAR”) 
for two climate objectives (mitigation and adaptation to climate change) and the 
eligibility rate for the four remaining environmental objectives. The disclosure is 
presented in tabular format using the models set out in Annex VI of Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2178 and its subsequent amendments and additions. The CDP 
Group's assets are 6.3% sustainable in terms of capex and 3.5% sustainable in 
terms of turnover for the scope considered. 
To provide an increasingly evolved disclosure and anticipate future reporting 
trends, CDP reviewed the Materiality Matrix according to the double perspective 
suggested by the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). In 2023, 
following the regulatory developments relating to the updating of the GRI 
standards and the introduction of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(CSRD) at European level, CDP adjusted the methodology underlying the 
analysis and refine the tools used, while at the same time expanding the panel of 
stakeholders involved in the analysis.  
V. 
CDP aims at boosting a culture of sustainability within the Group by encouraging 
sustainable and responsible behaviour and providing training courses on 
sustainability, and externally, by providing support to communities and local 
areas. The initiatives include the launch of the first Corporate ESG Master, carried 
out in partnership with Bologna Business School, to strengthen and update ESG 
skills within the CDP Group, building a common "language" that is the basis of a 
strategic and cross-cutting approach to sustainability, capable of creating shared

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
value. Moreover, CDP Group also intensified stakeholder engagement activities 
through the issuance of the General "Stakeholder Engagement Policy”, which 
defines the principles and criteria for open dialogue and active listening with 
stakeholders through proactive and reactive engagement; the promotion of ESG 
Community, the new network that brings together some of the major Italian 
economic players and aims to establish a continuous open dialogue on 
environmental, social and governance issues, sharing best practices and creating 
further synergies. 
VI. 
CDP promotes a distinctive positioning for the Group in sustainability.  
 
The stakeholder's involvement is an essential factor guiding the Group's work. 
Also in 2023 the Group reserved a particular effort to strengthen the participation 
of all stakeholders to gather their views, opinions and proposals. In particular, 
CDP organized the 'Eyes on a sustainable future' event in cooperation with Borsa 
Italiana, where the heads of the main European National Promotion Institutes met 
to discuss their role in fostering sustainable transition and strengthen 
collaboration among peers, which saw the presentation of research on the 
perception of ESG issues by European citizens, conducted by BVA Doxa in Italy, 
France, Germany, Spain and Poland. Lastly, to complete the assessment phase 
of the materiality analysis, for the first time in 2023, in addition to sending out the 
survey, a "Multistakeholder Workshop" was organised, involving a panel of 10 
opinion leaders, experts on sustainability issues who, through the prioritisation of 
material issues and specific qualitative indications, provided CDP with insights 
and observations to be integrated into its strategy and operations in the ESG area. 
With the goal of achieving a distinctive positioning, CDP is a member of some of 
the major international and national associations on sustainability issues. These 
include, at the international level, the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), of 
which CDP signed the "Businesses for People and Society" Manifesto in 2023 to 
promote corporate social responsibility and, at the national level, the Alliance for 
the Circular Economy and Organismo Italiano di Business Reporting (OIBR). The 
Group also adheres to major external initiatives such as the Joint Initiative on 
Circular Economy (JICE), together with the EIB and the main European National 
Promotion Institutes and supports networks for the promotion and dissemination 
of sustainability issues, such as the Forum for Sustainable Finance, the 
Foundation for Sustainable Development, the Italian Alliance for Sustainable 
Development (ASVIS).  
 
Finally, CDP participates in a total of more than 40 ESG working tables at the 
national, European and international levels in order to intercept future evolutions 
and developments in the field of sustainable finance, contribute to regulatory 
developments, ensure strategic positioning on key sustainability issues, and 
exploit opportunities to exchange best practices with peers and key players in the 
value chain. 
 
The information relating to CDP's ESG rating are available on Issuer’s website at 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/rating.page.  
CDP Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
CDP commitment on sustainability themes is further fostered through our role and 
efforts on sustainable finance. Indeed, through its central influence on Italy’s economic 
landscape, and in line with its role of National Promotional Institution, CDP believes it 
can play a significant role in underpinning a more sustainable growth. Promoting 
sustainable development is a fundamental part of CDP’s mission, achieving a 
significant economic, social and environmental impact, thus contributing to the 17 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 
To meet this commitment, through the financing of projects aimed at delivering 
environmental and social benefits, CDP has established a Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) in 2017 and periodically updated it 
to ensure alignment with market expectations, voluntary standards and any relevant 
principles or regulatory developments.  
The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) provides 
the updated Eligibility Criteria for the issuance of Green, Social and Sustainability 
bonds in accordance with the latest "Green Bond Principles (GBP)", "Social Bond 
Principles (SBP)", and the "Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG)" published by the 
International Capital Market Association (ICMA). 
In line with international best practices, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework has been reviewed by ISS-
Corporate which issued a Second Party Opinion confirming the alignment with the 
ICMA Principles, the quality of the Eligibility Criteria in contributing to Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) and the overall consistency with CDP's sustainability 
strategy. Since 2017, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, CDP has issued 7 Social 
bonds, 2 Sustainability bonds and 1 Green bond for a total amount of Euro 6.75 billion. 
CDP SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE OWNERSHIP 
The Issuer's authorised and fully paid in share capital, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, is equal to Euro 4,051,143,264.00 and is divided into 342,430,912 
ordinary shares with no par value. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the MEF 
owns 82.775 per cent. of the share capital of CDP and 15.925 per cent. is owned by 
62 banking foundations (fondazioni bancarie). The remaining 1.300 per cent. was 
repurchased by CDP after two banking foundations exercised their withdrawal right 
related to the conversion of preferred shares. 
Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 2, of Law Decree 269 and to article 7, paragraph 2, 
of CDP's by-laws, the majority of the shares with voting rights must be owned by the 
MEF. No shareholder of CDP, other than the MEF, may hold, directly or indirectly, 
shares equal to more than 5 per cent. of the share capital. Any voting rights attached 
to the shares held in excess of such shareholding, may not be exercised, without 
prejudice to the fact that the shares for which the right to vote may not be exercised 
will in any case be included in the calculation of the quorum required to constitute the 
shareholders' meeting. Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of CDP's by-laws, shares 
may only be owned by the foundations referred to in Article 2 of Legislative Decree 
No. 153 of 17 May 1999, banks and supervised financial intermediaries, which fulfil 
the stability of assets and regular management requirements. 
As of 31 December 2023, the shareholders of CDP are as follows:

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
Shareholders 
Share Capital 
Owned (%) 
Ministero dell'economia e delle finanze (MEF) 
82.775 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
1.611 
Compagnia di San Paolo 
1.594 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio delle Province Lombarde 
1.558 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Torino 
1.500 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Lucca 
0.852 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Cuneo 
0.746 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Firenze 
0.601 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Perugia 
0.601 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Padova e Rovigo  
0.599 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Trento e Rovereto  
0.512 
Fondazione di Venezia 
0.417 
Fondazione Banca del Monte di Lombardia 
0.417 
Fondazione Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì 
0.431 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Alessandria  
0.371 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pistoia e Pescia  
0.351 
Fondazione CARIPARMA 
0.330 
Fondazione di Piacenza e Vigevano 
0.322 
Fondazione Agostino De Mari  
0.275 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Trieste 
0.256 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Genova e Imperia 
0.196 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Ravenna 
0.167 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Modena 
0.149 
Fondazione Banco di Napoli 
0.142 
Fondazione Friuli 
0.116

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
Shareholders 
Share Capital 
Owned (%) 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Bolzano 
0.112 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Spezia 
0.109 
Fondazione Pescarabruzzo 
0.104 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Macerata 
0.100 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Imola  
0.086 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Gorizia 
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia dell'Aquila 
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Terni e Narni 
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Asti  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Carpi  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Biella  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Reggio Emilia - Pietro 
Manodori  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Teramo  
0.083 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Pesaro 
0.067 
Fondazione Livorno 
0.050 
Fondazione Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
0.058 
Fondazione del Monte di Bologna e Ravenna 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Vercelli 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio della Provincia di Viterbo 
CA.RI.VIT. 
0.033 
Fondazione Sicilia 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Fabriano e Cupramontana 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo 
0.033 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Fermo 
0.027 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Calabria e di Lucania 
0.025

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
Shareholders 
Share Capital 
Owned (%) 
Fondazione dei Monti Uniti di Foggia 
0.025 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Savigliano 
0.019 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Volterra 
0.018 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Fossano 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Carrara 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio e Banca del Monte di Lugo 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio Salernitana 
0.017 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Spoleto 
0.017 
Fondazione Estense 
0.014 
Fondazione Banca del Monte di Lucca 
0.013 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Civitavecchia 
0.010 
Fondazione Monteparma 
0.010 
Fondazione Banca del Monte e C.R. Faenza  
0.008 
Fondazione Banca del Monte di Rovigo 
0.002 
CDP – Own shares 
1.300 
 
CDP ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Board of Directors, Managing Director and General Manager 
The shareholders' meeting held on 27 May 2021 elected a new Board of Directors for 
the 2021, 2022 and 2023 financial years, appointing as directors: Giovanni Gorno 
Tempini (Chairman), Dario Scannapieco, Livia Amidani Aliberti, Anna Girello Garbi, 
Fabrizia Lapecorella, Fabiana Massa, Matteo Melley, Alessandra Ruzzu and Giorgio 
Toschi. 
On 1st June 2021, the Board of Directors appointed Dario Scannapieco as Chief 
Executive Officer and General Manager. 
On 1 December 2022 Matteo Melley has resigned from office and on 15 February 
2023 the shareholders' meeting appointed Giorgio Righetti as Director to replace him. 
With effect from 3 April 2023, Fabrizia Lapecorella has resigned from office and, on 
21 April 2023, the shareholders' meeting appointed Francesco Di Ciommo as Director 
to replace her.

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
Pursuant to CDP's by-laws, the Board of Directors is composed of nine members, 
elected for a period of no more than three financial years. They may be re-elected. 
The Directors will remain in office until the approval by the ordinary Shareholders' 
meeting of the financial statements for the year ending on 31 December 2023, which 
is expected to be held on 13 May 2024 (first call) or 24 May 2023 (second call). 
As at the date hereof, the members of the Board of Directors are: 
Pursuant to article 15 of CDP's by-laws, for matters relating to the Separate Account 
System (as described above), the Board of Directors consists of the members listed 
in letters (c), (d) and (f) of Article 7, paragraph 1, of Law 197 (the "Additional 
Directors"). 
As at the date hereof, the Board of Directors consists of the following Additional 
Directors: 
Pier Paolo Italia 
(Delegate 
of 
the 
State 
Accountant 
General)  
Riccardo Barbieri Hermitte 
(General Director of the Treasury) 
Paolo Calvano 
(Representing the Conference of Regions 
and Autonomous Provinces) 
Antonio Decaro 
(Representing the National Association of 
Italian Commons) 
Michele de Pascale 
(Representing 
the 
Union 
of 
Italian 
Provinces) 
Giovanni Gorno Tempini 
(Chairman)  
Dario Scannapieco 
(Chief Executive Officer and General 
Manager)  
Livia Amidani Aliberti  
 
Francesco Di Ciommo 
 
Anna Girello Garbi 
 
Fabiana Massa 
 
Giorgio Righetti 
 
Alessandra Ruzzu 
 
Giorgio Toschi

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
In addition to their respective positions held within CDP, as at the date hereof, the 
Directors listed below hold the following significant offices outside CDP: 
Giovanni Gorno Tempini 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of CDP 
Equity S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of CDP RETI 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of F.I.L.A. - 
Fabbrica Italiana Lapis ed Affini S.P.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Avio S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of TIM S.p.A. 
Dario Scannapieco 
CEO of CDP RETI S.p.A. 
Livia Amidani Aliberti  
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Recordati S.p.A.  
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Edizione S.p.A. 
Member of the Supervisory Body, Chairman of 
the Strategy Committee, Chairman of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee of 
UniCredit Bank Austria AG 
Alternate Auditor of Fiera Milano S.p.A. 
Francesco Di Ciommo 
University Professor  
Member of the Board of Directors of Fondazione 
Universitaria CEIS-Economia -Tor Vergata 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
CRESET S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Fire S.p.A.  
Extraordinary Commissioner of Ilva S.p.A. 
Extraordinary Commissioner of Ilvaform S.p.A. 
Extraordinary Commissioner of Ilva Servizi 
Marittimi S.p.A. 
Extraordinary Commissioner of Sanac S.p.A.

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
Anna Girello Garbi 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Sedamyl S.p.A. 
Member of the board management of EGEA - 
Ente Gestione Energia e Ambiente S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Italgelatine S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Italgel S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ondalba S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Delsanto S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Italmeat S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Finvezza S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Finbal S.r.l. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Twin set S.p.A 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Magazzini Montello S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Giorgio Visconti S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Biomet S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Renergia S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Gardenia S.r.l. 
Member of the Board of Director of Finceretto 
S.r.l.  
Member of the Board of Director of Gettodesign 
S.r.l.

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of St. 
Anna 
gestione 
golf 
- 
società 
sportiva 
dilettantistica a r.l. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of St. 
Anna Golf S.r.l. 
Sole director of Garbifin S.r.l. 
Sole director and quotaholder of AN.GI. S.r.l. 
CEO of Corso Torino 18 Professional Workshop 
S.r.l. società benefit 
Managing partner of Studio Girello s.s. Dottori 
Commercialisti 
in 
Alba, 
Partner 
Eurodefi 
Professional Club in Milano. 
Managing partner and working partner (socio 
d’opera) of Ceretto Alessandro s.s., Ceretto Lisa 
s.s., Ceretto Federico s.s. and Ceretto Roberta 
s.s. 
Managing partner of B2G s.s. 
Auditor of Cestel S.r.l. 
Auditor of Bonino Expo S.r.l.  
Auditor of Caval Ed Brons S.r.l. 
Auditor of G.F.G. S.r.l. 
Auditor of Fer.Gia. S.r.l. 
Auditor of Giordano Art Collections S.r.l.  
Auditor of Wama S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor of Cerere S.p.A.  
Alternate Auditor of Santa Devota S.p.A. 
Fabiana Massa 
University Professor 
Giorgio Righetti  
Vice President and Member of the Board of 
Directors of SEFEA IMPACT SGR S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Con i 
Bambini – Impresa sociale S.r.l.

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
Member of the Board of Directors of Fondo per 
la Repubblica Digitale – Impresa sociale S.r.l. 
General Manager of ACRI (Associazione di 
Fondazioni e di Casse Di Risparmio S.p.A.) 
Alessandra Ruzzu 
Chief External Relations & Communication 
Officer Tinexta S.p.A. 
Giorgio Toschi 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENAV 
S.p.A. 
Riccardo Barbieri Hermitte 
General Director of the Treasury Department, 
Ministry of Economy and Finance 
Member of the Board of Directors of Ferrovie 
dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. 
Pier Paolo Italia 
Inspector General of the Public Accounting and 
Finance Inspectorate of the Ministry of Economy 
and Finance 
Member of the Board of auditors of CONI 
Chairman of the Board of auditors of CSEA 
Paolo Calvano 
Assessor 
of 
the 
Financial 
Statements, 
Personnel, 
Assets 
and 
Institutional 
Reorganisation of the Emilia-Romagna Regional 
Government. 
Antonio Decaro 
Chairman of Associazione Nazionale Comuni 
Italiani (ANCI) 
Mayor of the city of Bari 
Michele de Pascale 
Chairman of Unione delle Province Italine (UPI) 
Major of the city of Ravenna 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Fondazione Ravenna Manifestazioni 
Limited partner (socio accomandante) of Flash 
s.a.s. di Lugaresi Marilena & C. 
No conflict of interest exists between duties owed to the Issuer by the members of the 
Board of Directors, as listed above, and their private interests. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is at CDP's registered 
office at Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome, Italy.

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
The Chairman of the Board of Directors is the legal representative of CDP and is 
authorised to sign on its behalf, to chair shareholders' meetings and to convene and 
chair the Board of Directors. The Vice-Chairman will substitute for the Chairman in 
case of his/her absence or inability, where appointed. The Chief Executive Officer is 
the legal representative of CDP in respect of the powers vested in him by the Board 
of Directors. 
Directors are elected through the voting list system; only the shareholders who 
represent, alone or together with other shareholders, at least 10 per cent. of shares 
with voting rights in the ordinary shareholders' meeting have the right to present a list. 
The first candidate on the list which obtains the second greatest number of votes is 
appointed Chairman. The Chief Executive Officer is appointed from the list which 
obtains the greatest number of votes. Unless already done by the shareholders' 
meeting, the Board of Directors elects a Chairman; furthermore, the Board of Directors 
may elect a Vice-Chairman and appoints a Secretary and a Vice-Secretary. 
The majority of the directors in office shall be present at a meeting in order for the 
Board of Directors to pass valid resolutions at such meeting, without prejudice to the 
provisions of article 30, paragraph 3, of CDP's by-laws, and for the adoption of the 
resolutions referred to in article 21, paragraph 1, letter (m) and article 21, paragraph 
2, of CDP's by-laws, which are adopted in the presence of at least seven directors 
elected by the shareholders' meeting. 
Resolutions shall be passed by the majority of the directors attending and voting in 
favour, without prejudice to the provisions of article 30, paragraph 3, of CDP's by-laws, 
and for the adoption of the resolutions referred to in article 21, paragraph 1, letter (m) 
and article 21, paragraph 2, of CDP's by-laws, which are adopted with the favourable 
vote of at least seven directors elected by the shareholders' meeting. 
Resolutions concerning the Separate Account System shall be passed by the 
favourable vote of at least two of the Additional Directors attending the meeting. In the 
event of a tied number of votes, the vote of the Chairman of the meeting prevails. 
In addition to the matters reserved to the Board of Directors by law, the following 
matters, among others, fall within its exclusive authority: (a) the set-up of the strategic 
policies of CDP and the approval of related plans; (b) the determination of CDP's 
general organisational structure; (c) any appointment and determination of the powers 
of a General Manager and one or more Deputy General Managers and the dismissal 
of such officers, having obtained the opinion of the Chief Executive Officer; (d) the 
determination of the operative terms and conditions for implementing the guidelines 
issued by the Bank of Italy; (e) the acquisition or transfer of shareholdings; (f) the 
granting of loans in amounts exceeding Euro 500,000,000.00; (g) the borrowing of 
amounts exceeding Euro 500 million; (h) the creation of separate assets; (i) the setting 
up of administrative and representative branches and representative and executive 
offices, both in Italy and abroad; (j) the determination of the operative terms and 
conditions for implementing the guidelines of the Separate Account System; and (k) 
the establishment of risk objectives, of any tolerance thresholds and risk governance 
and management policies and the associated risk detection procedures, which shall 
be specified in appropriate rules. 
Board of Statutory Auditors

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
The board of statutory auditors of CDP (the "Board of Statutory Auditors") is 
composed of five effective auditors and two alternate auditors. The auditors are 
appointed in compliance with Italian law and regulations by the shareholders' meeting 
for a term of three years and may be re-elected. 
As at the date hereof, the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are: 
Carlo Corradini 
(Chairman) 
Franca Brusco 
(Standing auditor) 
Mauro D’Amico 
(Standing auditor) 
Patrizia Graziani 
(Standing auditor) 
Davide Maggi  
(Standing auditor) 
Anna Maria Ustino 
(Alternate auditor) 
Giuseppe Zottoli 
(Alternate auditor) 
In addition to their respective offices held at CDP, as at the date hereof, the members 
of the Board of Statutory Auditors listed below hold the following significant offices: 
Carlo Corradini 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banor 
Sim S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ansaldo Energia S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Auditors of 
“Fondazione per il Futuro delle città” 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of PLT 
S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of PLT 
Holding S.r.l. 
Member of the Board of Directors of PLT 
Energia S.r.l. 
Franca Brusco 
Member of the Board of Directors of Garofalo 
Health Care S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of FS Sistemi 
Urbani S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of ENAV 
S.p.A.

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
Chairman of the Board of Auditors of 
Fondazione Musica per Roma 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
SACAL Ground Handling S.p.A.  
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Simest S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Absolute Energy S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Auditors of Autorità di 
Sistema 
Portuale 
del 
Mare 
Adriatico 
Meridionale 
Mauro D’Amico  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
RAI Pubblicità S.p.A. 
Central Budget Office Director at Ministry of 
Economy and Finance 
Patrizia Graziani  
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Fondazione Cassa Dei Risparmi di Forlì 
Member of the Board of Directors of Ser.In.Ar. 
S.c.p.A. 
Davide Maggi 
University Professor 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
De Agostini Publishing S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
De Agostini Editore S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
B&D Holding S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Accademia del Cimento S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ponti S.p.A. Società Benefit 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ponti Holding S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
De Agostini S.p.A.

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Ebano S.p.A. Società Benefit 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Lopezo Due Immobiliare S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Comoli, 
Ferrari & C. S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Auditors of Agenzia 
Italiana del Farmaco 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Fondazione Cariplo 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Fondazione Comunità Novarese 
Anna Maria Ustino  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Cinecittà S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Concessioni Autostradali Venete (CAV) S.p.A. 
Giuseppe Zottoli 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Biagini 1863 S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Terninox S.p.A. and Tubificio di Terni S.r.l. 
Member of the Board of Directors of Marzocchi 
Pompe S.p.A., Esautomotion S.p.A., FBM 
Fornaci Briziarelli Marsciano S.p.A., Euroacciai 
S.p.A. and Erredue S.p.A. 
Statutory auditors are elected by the same voting list system as the one applicable to 
the election of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors shall be the 
first candidate elected from the list which obtained the greatest number of votes. 
The business addresses of the member of the Board of Statutory Auditors are 
specified below: 
Carlo Corradini 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Franca Brusco 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Mauro D’Amico 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
Patrizia Graziani  
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Davide Maggi 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Anna Maria Ustino  
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome 
Giuseppe Zottoli 
Via Goito 4, 00185 Rome  
State Audit Court’ supervision 
Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 17, of Law Decree 269, CDP is supervised by the 
Italian State Audit Court (Corte dei Conti) in accordance with Article 12 of Law No. 259 
of 21 March 1958. The supervision is exercised by one of the State Audit Court’ 
members, appointed by the Court’s President, who is entitled to attend the meetings 
of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Statutory Auditors. Following the 
termination of office of Carlo Alberto Manfredi Selvaggi, in charge from 1 January 2021 
until 16 May 2023, Luigi Caso, former alternate member, has been appointed, as of 
the date of 27 July 2023, as member of the State Audit Court in office for CDP’s 
supervision. With effect from 1 January 2024, Laura D’Ambrosio has been appointed 
as alternate member of the State Audit Court in office for CDP’s supervision. 
Auditing Firm  
Upon proposal of the Board of Directors and having consulted with the Board of 
Statutory Auditors, an auditing firm was appointed for a period of nine years during the 
shareholders' meeting of 19 March 2019 with effect from 21 May 2020. 
The auditing firm appointed by CDP is Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., with registered offices 
at Via Tortona 25, Milan, Italy, whose term of office will expire upon approval of the 
financial statements for the year 2028. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is a company enrolled with the Register of Certified Auditors 
(Registro dei Revisori Legali) held by the MEF. 
Committee of Minority Shareholders  
Pursuant to article 22 of CDP's by-laws, the committee of minority shareholders of 
CDP (the "Committee of Minority Shareholders") is composed of nine members 
appointed by the minority shareholders. The committee shall be appointed with the 
quorums to convene and to deliberate as provided by the regulations applicable to the 
ordinary shareholders' meeting and its term shall end on the date of the shareholders' 
meeting convened to appoint the Board of Directors, which is expected to be held on 
13 May 2024 (first call) or 24 May 2023 (second call). The Committee of Minority 
Shareholders appoints a chairman who has the power to convene the meetings, to set 
the agenda and to chair the meetings. The chairman receives in advance from CDP 
analytical reports on the (i) level of financial liquidity, (ii) lending commitments, (iii) 
shareholdings and participations, (iv) current and prospective investments, (v) most 
relevant business transactions entered into by CDP, (vi) updated accounting

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
information, (vii) the auditing company's reports and the internal auditing reports 
relating to the organisation and to the functioning of CDP and (viii) minutes of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The chairman may request reasonably additional information from the Chairman of the 
Board of Directors, from the Chief Executive Officer, from the General Manager, where 
appointed, or from the Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors. The minutes of 
the Committee of Minority Shareholders are notified to the Board of Directors and the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. The members of the Committee of Minority Shareholders 
are subject to a duty of confidentiality with respect to all information supplied to them. 
As at the date hereof, the members of the Committee of Minority Shareholders are the 
following11: 
Giovanni Quaglia  
(Chairman) 
Konrad Bergmeister 
 
Marcello Bertocchini 
 
Michele Bugliesi 
 
Francesco Caia 
 
Cristina Colaiacovo 
 
Giuseppe Toffoli 
 
 
Parliamentary Supervisory Committee  
Pursuant to Italian Royal Decree 453/1913 and the committee's internal regulation, 
the Parliamentary Supervisory Committee of CDP (the "Parliamentary Supervisory 
Committee") is composed of four members of the Italian Senate (Senato della 
Repubblica), four members of the Italian Chamber of Deputies (Camera dei Deputati), 
and four non-parliamentary members12.  
Pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 9 of Law Decree 269 and Royal Decree No. 453, the 
Parliamentary Supervisory Committee supervises the Separate Account System of 
CDP. 
The members of the Parliamentary Supervisory Committee for the 19th Legislature 
(2022-2027) are the following: 
 
 
11 Two former members of the Committee, Giovanni Fosti and Paolo Cavicchioli, resigned on 9 May 2023 and 15 
May 2023 respectively. 
12 Three administrative judges, among which two of the Regional Administrative Court (Tribunale Amministrativo 
Regionale) - and one of the Council of State (Consiglio di Stato), and one judge of the State Audit Court (Corte 
dei Conti).

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
Stefano Borghesi 
Senator 
Dario Damiani 
Senator 
Nicola Irto 
Senator 
Lucio Malan 
Senator 
Gianmauro Dell’Olio 
Member of the Chamber of Deputies 
Domenico Furgiuele 
Member of the Chamber of Deputies 
Carlo Maccari 
Member of the Chamber of Deputies 
Francesco Saverio Romano 
Member of the Chamber of Deputies 
Mauro Orefice  
Section President of the Court of 
Auditors 
Antimo Prosperi 
Counsellor of State 
Carmelina Addesso 
Counsellor of State 
Nicola Fenicia 
Counsellor 
of 
the 
Regional 
Administrative Court of Tuscany 
Parliamentary Supervisory Committee pursuant to Article 56 of Law No. 88 of 9 
March 1989 ("Law 88")  
Article 1, paragraph 253, of the Stability Law 2015 (Law No. 190 of 23 December 2014) 
has conferred to the Parliamentary Supervisory Committee for the "oversight of 
entities managing mandatory pension and welfare services" – established by Law 88 
– the specific task of supervising the Separate Account System of CDP, with respect 
to the financial operations and the operations supporting the public sector achieved in 
the pension and welfare field. 
Supervisory Body pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001 
("Decree 231") 
Decree 231 allows italian corporate entities to implement compliance procedures to 
defend themselves against the administrative liability that may attach to them under 
Decree 231, through the adoption of an organizational, management and control 
model ("Model 231") and the appointment of an independent officer or body to 
supervise such Model 231. 
CDP established a supervisory body in compliance with Decree 231 for the purpose 
of monitoring the risks of potential criminal and administrative liabilities (the 
"Supervisory Body "). Decree 231 established the criminal and administrative liability 
of a corporation in the event that senior managers, subordinates or individuals acting 
on behalf of CDP and in its name violate criminal provisions in the interest and for the

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
benefit of the corporation. For the purpose of avoiding and reducing the risk of such 
liability, CDP has also adopted a Model 231 that is aimed at preventing potential 
sanctions deriving from specific crimes identified in the Decree 231 itself and 
monitoring business activities and internal procedures in order to prevent any kind of 
violation. 
Pursuant to Article 6, paragraph 4-bis, of Decree 231 and in accordance with the Bank 
of Italy regulations in force, the meeting of the Board of Directors, held on 25 January 
2017, resolved to transfer all the functions and duties of the previously appointed 
Supervisory Body to the Board of Statutory Auditors, with effect from 27 February 
2017. 
The activity of the Board of Statutory Auditors acting as Supervisory Body is supported 
by the Internal Audit department of CDP (See "Internal Controls and control functions" 
below). 
Board committees  
The following are brief descriptions of the board committees of CDP which have been 
set up for the specific purpose of providing support to CDP's management in either an 
advisory capacity or by making proposals for the consideration of the entire Board of 
Directors. Such committees are: (i) the Board of Directors’ Risk and Sustainability 
Committee; (ii) the Related Parties Committee; (iii) the Compensation Committee; and 
(iv) the Appointments Committee. 
Risk and Sustainability Committee 
The Risk and Sustainability Committee is established, pursuant to article 21, 
paragraph 2, of CDP's by-laws, by the Board of Directors and is chaired by a Director 
drawn from the list coming second in terms of number of votes or in any case 
designated by the non-controlling shareholders, determining its specific duties, 
operating procedures, objectives, responsibilities and members in appropriate internal 
rules approved by the Board of Directors. Within its prerogatives, the Risk and 
Sustainability Committee has also been assigned responsibilities in the field of 
sustainability. In addition, the Risk and Sustainability Committee shall be composed 
by at least two and up to a maximum of three members of the Board of Directors 
elected by the shareholders' meeting. The Risk and Sustainability Committee has 
responsibility over the control and development of policy recommendations in the field 
of risk management and for the evaluation of new investment products, and over the 
support function with respect to sustainability strategy, policies and reporting and the 
review of sustainability impact assessments. The Risk Director and the Internal Audit 
Director of CDP attend the Committee's meetings. 
As at the date hereof, the Risk and Sustainability Committee is composed of the 
following members: Giorgio Righetti (Chairman), Francesco Di Ciommo, Fabiana 
Massa Felsani and Anna Girello Garbi. 
Related Party Committee 
The Related Party Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors and is composed 
of three non-executive directors. The committee's role is to analyse related party 
transactions and to produce an opinion thereon, setting out whether it is in CDP's 
interest to carry out such transaction, how CDP will benefit from the same, and

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
evaluating whether the conditions applicable to the transaction are substantially and 
procedurally correct. 
As at the date hereof, the Related Party Committee is composed of the following 
members: Fabiana Massa (Chairman), Livia Amidani Aliberti and Alessandra Ruzzu. 
Compensation Committee 
The Compensation Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors and is composed 
of three non-executive directors. The committee is tasked with assisting in the 
evaluation of the compensation of the Chairman, the Chief Executing Officer and the 
General Manager and, where possible, of the other administrative bodies of the 
company required by law or by virtue of CDP's by-laws, including those established 
by the Board of Directors (i.e. the committees). The proposals made by the 
Compensation Committee are submitted for the approval of the Board of Directors, 
upon prior opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
As at the date hereof, the Compensation Committee is composed of the following 
members: Francesco Di Ciommo (Chairman), Giorgio Toschi and Alessandra Ruzzu. 
Appointments Committee  
The Appointments Committee Supports the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of 
Directors in the appointment process of members of corporate bodies of the 
subsidiaries.  
As at the date hereof, the Appointments Committee is composed of the following 
members: Giovanni Gorno Tempini (Chairman), Dario Scannapieco and Riccardo 
Barbieri Hermitte. 
Internal controls and control functions 
CDP has developed an internal control system consisting of a set of rules, procedures, 
and organizational structures designed to identify, measure or assess, monitor, 
prevent or mitigate, and promptly communicate to all appropriate levels, the risks 
assumed or that may be assumed in the various segments, as well as to ensure 
compliance with the applicable regulations, in accordance with its corporate strategies 
and the achievement of targets set by company management. 
In particular, CDP has implemented the internal control system according to the Three 
Lines Model. The so called "first level controls" (line controls) are carried out by 
operational, administrative and business structures and, where possible, are 
correlated by IT procedures. These controls are built into organizational procedures 
and are designed to ensure that operations are carried out correctly in line with the 
assigned risk limits and objectives. 
The so called "second level controls" (risk management, compliance and anti-money 
laundering controls) are carried out by dedicated and independent departments that 
are not in charge of front office activities, i.e. the risk management function, within 
which the operational and ICT risk control function is included, together with the 
compliance function and the anti-money laundering function. According to the relevant 
regulations and best practices, these independent, separate and permanent second 
level functions are both under the direction of the Risk Director.

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
The risk management controls are designed, inter alia, to establish risk measurement 
methodologies and to verify that the operational limits set for the different areas are 
respected, as well as to ensure coherence between the risks taken by the business 
departments and the risk policy approved by the Board of Directors. Moreover, the 
Manager in charge with preparing the company's financial reports ensures the 
monitoring of the risks with regard to financial reporting by verifying the adequacy and 
effective operation of the internal administrative and accounting procedures. 
The Risk Committees are: (i) the Board of Directors’ Risk and Sustainability Committee 
which comprises members of the Board of Directors and supports the Board of 
Directors regarding risks, internal control system and sustainability; (ii) the Risk 
Governance Committee (both at internal and group level) supporting the Chief 
Executive Officer or other decision-making bodies, which has responsibilities for 
controlling and formulating proposals concerning governance risk management 
matters (for example risk policy and Risk Appetite Framework) and the adoption of 
new products; and (iii) the Risk Evaluation Committee (both at internal and group 
level), which is responsible for risk evaluation of credit, equity, real estate, and other 
activities. 
Compliance controls are carried out by the CDP compliance function. The CDP 
compliance function ensures, on a risk-based approach, the compliance risk 
management, which can be defined as the risk of legal or administrative sanctions, 
financial loss, or reputational risk a company may suffer as a result of its failure to 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations or self-regulatory arrangements (i.e. 
codes of conduct, codes of ethics, internal procedures). 
The primary duties of the compliance function include: 
• 
identifying, on an ongoing basis, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to 
CDP and assessing the related impact on the internal processes and procedures, 
and more generally, within the whole organisation; 
• 
identifying the appropriate internal procedures in order to manage the 
compliance risk and verifying its effectiveness and adequacy; 
• 
making proposals related to organisational and procedural changes in order to 
ensure that compliance risks identified are managed appropriately; 
• 
appropriately and periodically reporting to the involved governing bodies and 
corporate structures; 
• 
verifying the effectiveness and adequacy of the organisational measures 
suggested to manage compliance risk; and 
• 
coordinating the compliance functions of the companies subject to the 
management and coordination activity (direzione e coordinamento) by CDP, in 
order to guarantee an integrated management of the risk of non-compliance 
within the CDP Group. 
The compliance function, on an ongoing basis, prevents reputational risk of the 
business activities in order to ensure the protection of the CDP Group's reputation 
according to the risk appetite framework established by the Board of Directors.

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
Furthermore, pursuant to Italian Decree No. 231 of 21 November 2007 ("Decree 
231/2007") and the measures issued by the Bank of Italy and the Financial Intelligence 
Unit, CDP appointed the head of the Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering 
Department (“AML”) as the company's representative concerning anti-money 
laundering compliance and reporting of suspicious transactions. As a result, the 
Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering Department includes a separate anti-money 
laundering function. Such function carries out additional controls in order to verify the 
adequacy and efficacy of the procedures relating to customer due diligence, data 
retention and reporting of suspicious transactions, also in compliance with the Group 
AML Policy. 
Finally, the so called "third level controls" are performed by the Internal Audit 
department, a permanent, independent and objective function, under the direction of 
an independent Internal Audit Director, that reports hierarchically to the Board of 
Directors, through its Chairman. The Board of Directors, as body with strategic 
supervision function, gives authority to the Internal Audit department, while 
guaranteeing its independence. Furthermore, the necessary link between the Internal 
Audit department, the body with management function and the management is 
guaranteed. 
Internal Audit, Risk Management and Compliance/AML functions cooperate to share 
the different perspectives on risks and controls in order to provide the Corporate 
Bodies with a single representation of the overall level of risk, coordinate annual 
activity plans and exchange information on critical issues, inefficiencies, weaknesses 
or irregularities identified in their respective control activities. Cooperation between 
these functions is intended to develop synergies and avoid overlaps, while ensuring 
adequate coverage of control objectives. 
The Internal Audit department, through professional and systematic supervision, 
pursues the continuous improvement of the effectiveness and efficiency of 
governance, risk management and control processes of CDP and Group subsidiaries 
subject to management and coordination. Specifically, the Internal Audit department 
provides an independent and objective evaluation of the completeness, adequacy, 
functionality and reliability of the organizational structure and of the overall internal 
control system, and it assesses the regular functioning of processes, the safeguard of 
assets, the reliability and integrity of accounting and operational information as well as 
compliance with internal and external regulations (including the Code of Ethics) and 
management guidelines. 
For the execution of its activities, annually the Internal Audit department prepares, and 
presents to the Board of Directors, an audit plan for its approval. The Audit Plan is 
consistent with the reference regulation, the risks associated with the activities run for 
the achievement of the company goals and takes into account the guidance provided 
by the Chairman of the BoD, the Chief Executive Officer and the Corporate Bodies. It 
sets out the activities to be carried out and the objectives to be pursued. 
On a quarterly basis, the Internal Audit department reports to the Board of Directors, 
the Board of Statutory Auditors and the Board of Directors’ Risk and Sustainability 
Committee on the progress of the Annual Plan, the activities carried out, the main 
issues detected and the progress made on the corrective actions taken for CDP and 
Group subsidiaries subject to management and coordination, highlighting any risks

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
that have not been adequately mitigated in relation to the failed or ineffective removal 
of the anomalies found in its monitoring activities. Annually, it also presents its 
assessment of the overall internal control system. The issues identified during each 
audit engagement are immediately reported to the relevant company units so that they 
can implement corrective actions. 
CDP’s Internal Audit function carries out the activities for the subsidiaries subject to 
management and coordination activity according to service provision methods set out 
in the agreement with the subsidiary. The Internal Audit department also assists the 
Supervisory Body established pursuant to Decree No. 231/2001 in carrying out its 
work. 
Furthermore, the Internal Audit department may provide support, assistance and 
advisory services to other corporate functions in order to create added value and to 
improve the risk management and the organization’s performance, without taking 
management responsibilities so as to avoid any situation that could potentially 
influence its independence and objectivity. 
EMPLOYEES 
As at 31 December 2023, CDP has 1,382 employees.  
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
As of the date hereof, CDP’s internal organisation is structured as follows.  
The following structures report to the Board of Directors: Chief Executive Officer & 
General Manager; Internal Audit. 
The following organisational structures report to the Chief Executive Officer & General 
Manager: Business; International Cooperation & Development Finance, Legal, 
Corporate & Regulatory Affairs; Communications, External Relations, Arts & Culture; 
Administration, Finance, Control & Sustainability; People & Organization; Innovation, 
Transformation & Operations; Risks; Advisory & Technical Competence Centers; 
European & International Affairs; Real Estate; Investments; Sector Strategy & Impact; 
CEO Staff. 
Internal Audit is in charge of performing third level controls by managing the following 
scope of business: audit assurance and advise, group audit functions coordination, 
audit methodologies, Supervisory Body support. 
Business is in charge of managing financial support to: infrastructure operators, 
national and local public entities, Italian enterprises at both national and international 
level.  
International Cooperation & Development Finance is in charge of managing financial 
support to developing countries and emerging markets. 
Legal, Corporate & Regulatory Affairs is in charge of managing the following scope of 
business: legal support on financing activities; legal support on markets and equity 
investments; group governance & litigations; corporate and regulatory affairs.

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
Communications, External Relations, Arts & Culture is in charge of managing the 
following scope of business: marketing & communications; media relations; 
institutional & territorial relations; ESG engagement & civil society. 
Administration, Finance, Control & Sustainability is in charge of managing the following 
scope of business: administration; financial statement; regulatory reporting; finance 
and funding; tax; planning and control; investor, credit and ESG rating agencies 
relations; defining the sustainability plan and, ESG governance, policies and reporting. 
People & Organization is in charge of managing the following scope of business: 
human resources and organization. 
Innovation, Transformation & Operations is in charge of managing the following scope 
of business: procurement; ICT; logistics; back office; security. 
Risks is in charge of managing the following scope of business: compliance; anti-
money laundering; risk operations; risk management; risk governance. 
Advisory & Technical Competence Centers is in charge of providing advisory, carrying 
out the technical-economic valuation of CDP initiatives, supporting the development 
of public interest projects in infrastructure, energy, digital and social. 
European & International Affairs is in charge of managing European and international 
affairs. 
Real Estate is in charge of managing real estate business initiatives. 
Investments is in charge of managing the following scope of business: mergers and 
acquisitions in equity investments, funds and venture capital. 
Sector Strategy & Impact is in charge of managing strategic analysis on markets and 
sectors trends, providing ex-ante valuation of CDP initiatives, monitoring ex-post the 
impact generated by CDP Group. 
CEO Staff is in charge of supporting the Chief Executive Officer & General Manager 
in managing business activities and priorities, as well as significant Corporate and 
Group strategic projects. 
Accordingly, the organisational structure of CDP is set out in the chart below.

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
CDP complies with Italian laws and regulations regarding corporate governance. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts during the years 2023 and 2022 
outside of its ordinary course of business that have been or may reasonably be 
expected to be material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders.  
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting for approval of 2023 Financial Statements 
The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting convened for the approval of the financial 
statements for the year ending on 31 December 2023 and the renewal of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer has been convened on 13 May 2024 (first call) or 24 May 2023 
(second call). 
Yankee Bond 
At the end of April 2024, CDP launched its second “Yankee Bond” for an amount of 
1.5 billion dollars. The fixed-rate bond matures on 30 April 2029. The issue, reserved 
for both US and Non-US institutional investors, was issued on a stand-alone 
documentation both on 144A and RegS format. 
CEO & General 
Manager 
Chairman 
Board of Directors 
Communications, 
External Relations, 
Arts & Culture 
Administration, 
Finance, Control & 
Sustainability 
Innovation, 
Transformation & 
Operations 
Business 
European & 
International 
Affairs 
Investments 
Internal Audit 
Real Estate 
Risks 
CEO Staff 
Legal, Corporate & 
Regulatory Affairs 
People & 
Organization 
SectorStrategy & 
Impact 
Advisory & 
Technical 
Competence 
Centers
International 
Cooperation & 
Development 
Finance

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
Issuance under the Debt Issuance Programme 
On 6 February 2024, CDP successfully concluded a bond issue under the Programme, 
with a nominal value of 750 million euro, at a fixed rate, unsubordinated and reserved 
for institutional investors. The bond is due in January 2030 and carries an annual 
coupon of 3.635%. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
Legal proceedings of the Issuer 
Currently, CDP is a party in civil and administrative proceedings and legal actions 
connected with the normal course of its operations. 
As at 31 December 2023, CDP was subject to 113 civil and administrative legal 
proceedings (excluding employment proceedings) of which 80 proceedings for a total 
amount of approximately 551.5 million euro and 33 proceedings with an indeterminate 
amount. Accordingly, CDP has set aside a prudential reserve of Euro 45.7 million 
which it considers adequate to cover risks related to the possible negative outcomes 
of such proceedings. 
As far as employment proceedings are concerned, as at 31 December 2023, CDP was 
subject to 14 employment proceedings (in addition to two proceedings which are at 
the pre-trial stage). The total estimated liability was approximately Euro 4 million. 
Accordingly, CDP has set aside a prudential reserve of Euro 4 million which it 
considers adequate to cover risks related to the possible negative outcomes of such 
proceedings. 
Legal proceedings concerning some CDP's subsidiaries 
For information relating to legal proceedings as at 31 December 2023, please see 
“2023 Consolidated financial statements - Part E - Information on risks and related 
hedging policies” on pages 433-530 of the latest approved audited consolidated 
annual financial statements of the Issuer which are incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporation by Reference” above). 
With specific regards to the Companies of the CDP Group subject to management and 
coordination activity please note as follow.   
CDP Real Asset SGR S.p.A. 
As at 31 December 2023, CDP Real Asset SGR S.p.A. (CDP RA SGR) was party to 
a limited number of civil and administrative proceedings concerning the management 
of real estate assets, mostly passive. No significant liabilities have been estimated and 
accordingly no prudential reserve has been set aside given the expectation that 
positive outcome of such proceedings is reasonably likely. 
Among the above-mentioned cases, the following claims may potentially impact the 
operations of CDP RA SGR: 
(i) 
the case filed before the Regional Administrative Court of Lombardy (TAR 
Lombardia) by Pessina Costruzioni S.p.A. against the exclusion, operated by

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
CDP RA SGR, from participating in a tender procedure concerning works to be 
made on the estate of the so called “ex Ospedali Riuniti di Bergamo” (contract 
value of about 52 million euro), and also against any connected and 
consequential provisions decided by CDP RA SGR, Pessina Costruzioni S.p.A. 
also claimed compensation for the damage allegedly suffered due to CDP RA 
SGR decisions. More in detail, Pessina claimed that the exclusion had been 
unlawfully operated by CDP RA SGR by violating the administrative tender 
procedure set forth by Italian law ruling public administration contracts. 
Tar Lombardia stated the jurisdiction of the Civil Court on the case pronouncing 
the administrative tender procedure as not applicable.  
So Pessina appealed this decision before the Consiglio di Stato Court, which 
pronounced the case to be decided by TAR Lombardia instead, meaning that 
CDP RA SGR as a public entity is due to apply administrative laws and 
consequently is submitted to the jurisdiction of Administrative Courts and not of 
the Civil ones.  
As a consequence, (i) Pessina filed the claim before the TAR Lombardia asking 
to re-consider the previous statement about jurisdiction and to decide about the 
case, but (ii) CDP RA SGR opposed the Consiglio di Stato Court decision 
before the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), which decided in the 
Civil jurisdiction and favour of CDP RA SGR on 18 January 2022. As a 
consequence, Pessina filed the claim before the Civil Court of Rome, the next 
hearing is set on the 9th of January 2025. 
After the Italian Supreme Court’s ruling on 18 January 2022, the claim before 
TAR Lombardia above mentioned under (i) has been declared inadmissible for 
lack of jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
the claim filed by Italia Nostra Onlus before the Regional Administrative Court 
of Veneto – Venice (TAR Veneto) opposing the Ministry for Cultural Heritage 
authorization to CDP RA SGR to demolish five buildings insisting on the estate 
“Ex Ospedale a mare” in Venice, by alleging a violation of the relevant 
instructions imposed by the Ministry. Moreover Italia Nostra Onlus requested 
the Court to pronounce the purchase of the estate by CDP RA SGR as null and 
void and to suspend the demolition authorization effects until the case will be 
decided. The TAR Veneto rejected the request of suspension and set the 
hearing to discuss the case on 19 October 2023. On 24 October 2023, TAR 
Veneto declare the claim unproceedable, for supervened deficiency of interest. 
Fintecna 
As at 31 December 2023, Fintecna was monitoring and managing the legal strategies 
concerning proceedings related to a number of corporate transactions. These 
monitoring activities included specific targeted assessments of the key threats posed 
by each dispute. 
In particular, Fintecna is party in civil litigations inherited from its legal predecessors in 
legal proceedings filed by former employees (or their heirs) who have in the past been 
exposed to asbestos and claim damages due to illnesses allegedly caused by unsafe 
conditions in the workplace. Currently, with reference to these proceedings, the

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
number of pending litigations has slightly decreased compared to that of last year. 
Nevertheless, the amount of compensation requested is increasing. The key aim of 
streamlining and settling the bulk of the claims has been achieved by settling cases 
that matched certain financial and legal conditions. The results achieved are cost-
effective, especially if compared with the potential losses for the company in the event 
of adverse judicial outcomes. The differences between reported illnesses and case 
law decided by different courts was taken into account. The cost of these settlements 
was fully covered by the risk provisions for litigation. 
With respect to the number of civil, administrative and tax proceedings, the number of 
new lawsuits served in 2023 was limited and the number of pending cases was 
reduced. In any case, proceedings are inevitably affected by the timing and complexity 
of the Italian proceedings system. 
In view of the uncertainty of the outcomes of pending litigations, and also due to the 
different orientations of the Italian courts, claims against the company are covered by 
the allocation of appropriate funding to the litigation risk provision. 
CDP Equity S.p.A. 
As at 31 December 2023, CDP Equity S.p.A. (“CDPE”) was party to a limited number 
of civil and administrative proceedings connected with the normal course of its 
operations. No significant liabilities have been estimated and accordingly no prudential 
reserve has been set aside given the expectation that positive outcome of such 
proceedings is reasonably likely. 
SIMEST S.p.A. 
As at 31 December 2023, SIMEST is subject to 5 (five) civil proceedings with a claim 
against SIMEST. These proceedings mainly concern investment agreements signed 
by SIMEST with certain partners (the “Partners”) to support the internationalization 
process of their subsidiaries. Pursuant to such agreements, SIMEST subscribed 
participations of subsidiaries (the “Quotas”) and the Partners undertook to buy the 
Quotas at the end of the Contract period. The Partners claim that there is no obligation 
to buy the Quotas (for, inter alia, various supposed violations of the Italian Civil Code) 
and that there is, instead, the obligation of SIMEST to pay the supposed damages 
suffered by such Partners. The total amount of such claims against SIMEST is of 
approximately Euro 8,370,000. In accordance with the opinions of the external legal 
consultants about the risk of the defeat, as at 31 December 2023, these claims against 
SIMEST were not covered by the allocation of funding to the litigation risk provision.

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
TAXATION 
Italian taxation 
The following is a general overview of current Italian law and practice relating to certain 
Italian tax considerations concerning the purchase, ownership and disposition of the 
Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations that may 
be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of prospective 
beneficial owners of Notes, some of which may be subject to special rules. The 
following overview does not discuss in details the treatment of Notes that are held in 
connection with a permanent establishment or fixed base through which a non-Italian 
resident beneficial owner carries on business or performs professional services in Italy. 
This overview is based upon tax laws in force in Italy in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, which may be subject to any changes in law occurring after such 
date potentially with retroactive effect. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult 
their tax advisers as to the consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of 
the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially 
relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in 
particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. This paragraph does not 
intend and cannot be construed as a tax advice to prospective purchaser of the Notes. 
Italian Tax treatment of the Notes 
Italian Legislative Decree no. 239 of 1 April, 1996 ("Decree No. 239") regulates the 
tax treatment of interest, premiums and other income (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred 
to as "Interest") deriving from notes falling within the category of bonds ("obbligazioni") 
and securities similar to bonds (pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 
of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented ("Decree No. 917")) issued, 
inter alia, by major bond issuers (so-called "grandi emittenti") as listed in art.1 of 
Decree No. 239. 
For these purposes, securities similar to bonds ("titoli similari alle obbligazioni") are 
defined as securities that: (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to 
pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the 
payment of periodic interest; and that (ii) do not give any right to directly or indirectly 
participate in the management of the issuer or of the business in connection to which 
the securities were issued, nor any type of control on the management. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest relating to Notes are subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or 
when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes) if the 
Noteholder is: 
(i) 
an individual resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, holding the Notes 
otherwise than in connection with entrepreneurial activities; or

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
(ii) 
an Italian resident partnership (other than società in nome collettivo, società in 
accomandita semplice or similar partnerships), or a de facto partnership not 
carrying out commercial activities and professional associations; or 
(iii) 
an Italian resident public and private entities other than companies, trusts not 
carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and 
public and territorial entities; or 
(iv) 
an Italian resident entity exempt from Italian corporate income tax. 
All the above categories are usually referred as "net recipients" unless the Noteholders 
referred to under (i), (ii) and (iii) above have entrusted the management of their 
financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for 
the so called "regime del risparmio gestito" (the Risparmio Gestito regime) according 
to Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 as amended 
("Decree No. 461"). 
In the event that the Italian resident Noteholders mentioned above hold the Notes in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity (attività d'impresa), the imposta sostitutiva 
applies as a provisional tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's 
Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the 
imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes must be included in the relevant Noteholder's annual 
corporate taxable income (and in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of 
the Noteholders, also in the net value of production for purposes of regional tax on 
productive activities ("IRAP")) if the Noteholder is an Italian resident corporation or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign corporation to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, subject to tax in Italy in accordance with ordinary tax rules. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest if the Notes are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth in the Italian law as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225-bis of Law no. 178 of 30 
December 2020 ("Law No. 178"), it is further provided that Italian resident individuals 
investing in long-term individual savings account established from 1 January 2021 and 
compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from 
a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and negative differences 
realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-
term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are 
met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital 
losses, losses and negative differences against future capital gains). 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the imposta sostitutiva is levied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare ("SIM"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del 
risparmio ("SGR") stockbrokers and other entities identified by the Ministry of Finance 
(each, an "Intermediary"). An Intermediary must (a) (i) be resident in Italy, (ii) be a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (iii)

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
be an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the 
Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes 
of Decree No. 239, and (b) participate, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the 
transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a 
transfer of notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a 
change of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is 
applied and withheld by the relevant Italian financial intermediary (or permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary) paying the 
Interest to a Noteholder, or, in its absence, by the Issuer. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva 
if made to beneficial owners who are: 
(i) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of non-Italian 
resident corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; 
(ii) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities ("società in 
nome collettivo" or "società in accomandita semplice"); 
(iii) 
Italian resident investors holding Notes otherwise than in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial 
assets, including the Notes to an authorised financial intermediary and have 
opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime. The Italian resident investors who 
have opted for the Risparmio Gestito regime are subject to an annual 
substitutive tax of 26 per cent. (the "Asset Management Tax") on the increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which 
increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). The Asset 
Management Tax is applied by authorised Intermediaries; 
(iv) 
Italian resident pension funds referred to in Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 
December 2005 ("Decree No. 252"). Italian resident pension funds subject to 
the regime provided by Article 17, of Decree No. 252 are subject to an annual 
substitutive tax of 20 per cent. (the "Pension Fund Tax") on the increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which would 
include Interest accrued on the Notes, if any). Subject to certain conditions, 
Interest in respect of the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 
Pension Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to the Italian law, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time; 
(v) 
Italian open ended or closed ended investment funds, investment companies 
with fixed capital ("SICAFs") or investment companies with variable capital 
("SICAVs") established in Italy (together, the "Funds") when either (i) the Fund 
or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the 
relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary. In such case, Interest 
accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results, but a withholding tax of 26 
per cent. may apply on income of the Fund derived by unitholders or 
shareholders through distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units 
and shares; 
(vi) 
Italian resident real estate investment funds (complying with the definition as 
amended pursuant to Law Decree No. 78 of 31 may 2010, converted into Law 
No. 122 of 30 July 2010) established after 26 September 2001 pursuant to 
Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 
January 1994, or in any case subject to the tax treatment provided for by Law 
Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into law with amendments 
by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree No. 351") and Italian resident 
real estate SICAFs to which the provisions of Article 9 of Legislative Decree 
No. 44 of 4 March 2014 apply (hereinafter the "Real Estate Investment 
Funds"). In such case, Interest accrued on the Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate 
Investment Funds. The income of the Real Estate Investment Funds may be 
subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and 
percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution 
and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". To ensure payment of Interest in 
respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, gross 
recipients indicated above must: (a) be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest 
on the Notes and (b) deposit the Notes in due time directly or indirectly with an Italian 
authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign 
Intermediary). Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an 
Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign 
Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian 
Intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in 
Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled 
to deduct imposta sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident (with no permanent establishment in 
the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected), an exemption from 
the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial owner 
is resident, for tax purposes, in a State or territory included in the list of States or 
territories allowing an adequate exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities 
and listed in the Decree of the Minister of Finance dated 4 September 1996, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the "White List"). According to Article 
11(4)(c) of Decree 239 the White List will be updated every six months period. In 
absence of the issuance of the new White List, reference has to be made to the above 
mentioned Decree dated 4 September 1996, as amended from time to time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva for 
payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to:

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
(a) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or  
(b) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established 
in a country included in the White List; or  
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of 
a foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 
imposta sostitutiva, non-Italian resident beneficial owners must (a) deposit, directly or 
indirectly, the Notes with a bank or a SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident operator of a clearing 
system having appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 239 a resident 
bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy or a non-Italian resident bank or 
SIM which are in contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and 
(b) timely file with the relevant depository (which may be a non-Italian resident entity 
participating in a centralised securities management system connected via telematic 
link with the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance) a self-declaration 
(autocertificazione) stating their residence, for tax purposes, in a State listed in the 
White List. Such self-declaration – which must comply with the requirements set forth 
by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001 (as amended and supplemented) – is valid 
until withdrawn or revoked and may not be filed in the event that a certificate, 
declaration or other similar document with an equivalent purpose has previously been 
filed with the same depository. The self-declaration (autocertificazione) is not required 
for non-Italian resident investors that are international entities and organisations 
established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy and Central 
Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign state. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the 
procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will 
result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on Interests payments to a non-Italian 
resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-Italian resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva might, 
nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty 
between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the relevant holder of 
the Notes. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni), 
securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or securities similar 
to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917 may be subject to a withholding tax, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower than their 
nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any 
right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the 
business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same.

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the withholding tax on Interest relating to the Notes not falling within 
the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni), shares or securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Decree 
No. 917, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in the 
Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1, 
paragraphs 219-225-bis of Law No. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident 
individuals investing in long-term individual savings account established from 1 
January 2021 and compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law Decree No. 
124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible capital losses, losses and 
negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments 
comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions 
and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the possibility to subsequently set 
off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative differences against future capital 
gains). 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian 
commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an 
Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases the withholding 
tax is a final withholding tax. For a non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding 
tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
Any capital gain realised upon the sale for consideration, transfer or redemption of the 
Notes would be treated as part of the taxable business income (and, in certain cases 
depending on the status of Noteholder, may also be included in the taxable net value 
of production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant tax 
provisions, if derived by Noteholders who are: 
(a) 
Italian resident corporations; 
(b) 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the 
Notes are effectively connected; or 
(c) 
Italian resident individuals carrying out a commercial activity, as to any 
capital gains realised within the scope of the commercial activity. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) individual holding the Notes otherwise 
than in connection with entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) 
a non-commercial private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such 
Noteholder from the sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes would be subject 
to an imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent..

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of 
the three regimes described below. 
Under the tax return regime (the "Regime della Dichiarazione"), which is the 
standard regime for taxation of capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) 
to (iii) above, substitute tax on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, 
on all capital gains, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, realised by Italian resident 
individual 
Noteholders 
holding 
Notes 
otherwise 
than 
in 
connection 
with 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all disposals of Notes carried out during any given 
tax year. Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity must report total capital gains realised in any tax year, net of 
any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return to be filed with the Italian 
tax authorities for such year and pay substitute tax on such gains together with any 
balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may 
be carried forward against capital gains of the same kind realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax return regime depicted above, Italian Noteholders under (i) 
to (iii) above, may elect to pay 26 per cent. substitute tax separately on capital gains 
realised on each sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes (the "Risparmio 
Amministrato" regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to 
(i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and (ii) an election for the Risparmio Amministrato regime being timely 
made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The financial intermediary is responsible 
for accounting for substitute tax in respect of capital gains realised on each sale, 
transfer or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised at 
revocation of its mandate), net of any relevant incurred capital loss, and is required to 
pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder. 
Under the Risparmio Amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare 
capital gains in its annual tax return and remains anonymous. Capital losses in excess 
of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains of the same kind realised 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, who have 
elected for the Risparmio Gestito regime will be included in the computation of the 
annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year 
end, subject to the Asset Management Tax to be applied on behalf of the taxpayer by 
the managing authorised intermediary. Under the Risparmio Gestito regime, any 
depreciation of the managed assets, accrued at year end, may be carried forward 
against any increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four 
subsequent years. Under the Risparmio Gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required 
to report capital gains realised in its annual tax return and remains anonymous. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
capital gains in respect of Notes realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian 
resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, 
including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
the requirements set forth by the Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time 
to time. Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225-bis of Law No. 178, it is further 
provided that Italian resident individuals investing in long-term individual savings 
account established from 1 January 2021 and compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 
2-bis of Law Decree No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to possible 
capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying 
financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided 
that certain conditions and requirements are met (e.g. including the loss of the 
possibility to subsequently set off the relevant capital losses, losses and negative 
differences against future capital gains). 
Any capital gains on Notes held by Noteholders who are Italian resident pension funds 
subject to the regime provided by Article 17 of Decree No. 252, will be included in the 
computation of the taxable basis of Pension Fund Tax. Subject to certain conditions, 
capital gains realised in respect to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base 
of the Pension Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Law No. 232 if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by the Italian law, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. The Fund 
will not be subject to taxation on such result but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. may 
apply on income of the Fund derived by unitholders or shareholders through 
distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units and shares. 
Capital gains on Notes held by Italian Real Estate Investment Funds are not taxable 
at the level of same Real Estate Investment Funds. The income of the Real Estate 
Investment Funds may be subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on 
the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through 
distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
The 26 per cent. substitute tax on capital gains may, in certain circumstances, be 
payable on capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the 
Notes by non-Italian resident persons or entities without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held in Italy. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or 
redemption of Notes are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are 
traded on a regulated market in Italy or abroad and in certain cases subject to prompt 
filing of required documentation (in particular, a self-declaration of non-residence in 
Italy for tax purposes) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with whom the Notes are deposited, 
even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any 
applicable double tax treaty. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption 
of Notes not transferred on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country included 
in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank 
or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is 
an institutional investor, not subject to tax, established in a country included in the 
White List. In order to benefit of the exemption from imposta sostitutiva as for the 
above, all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the 
relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended have to be met. In this case, 
if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected elect for the Risparmio Gestito regime or are subject to the 
Risparmio Amministrato regime, exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains will 
apply upon condition that they file in due time with the authorised financial intermediary 
an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the 
requirement reported above. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, that may benefit 
from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy providing that capital gains 
realised upon sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of 
Italy on any capital gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. 
In this case, exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains will apply upon condition 
that they file in due time with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate 
documentation attesting that the requirements for the application of the relevant 
double taxation treaty are met. 
The Risparmio Amministrato regime is the ordinary regime automatically applicable to 
non-resident persons and entities in relation to Notes deposited for safekeeping or 
administration at Italian banks, SIMs and other eligible entities, but non-resident 
Noteholders retain the right to waive this regime. Such waiver may also be exercised 
by non-resident intermediaries in respect of safekeeping, administration and deposit 
accounts held in their names in which third parties' financial assets are held. 
Inheritance and gift tax 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October, 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 
24 November, 2006 as amended by Law No. 296 of 27 December 2006, the transfers 
of any valuable asset (such as the Notes) by reason of gift, donation or succession 
proceedings is subject to Italian gift and inheritance tax as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. 
on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding Euro 1,000,000.00 
(per beneficiary); 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to 
the third degree are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 
per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
(c) 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding Euro 100,000.00 (per beneficiary); and

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
(d) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a 
rate of 8 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is 
levied at the rate mentioned above in (a), (b), (c) and (d) on the value exceeding, 
for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided for by Law No. 383/2001 for any gift of 
assets (such as the Notes) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital 
gains to the "imposta sostitutiva" provided for by Decree No. 461. In particular, if the 
donee sells the Notes for consideration within 5 years from the receipt thereof as a 
gift, the donee is required to pay the relevant "imposta sostitutiva" on capital gains as 
if the gift was not made. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as 
follows: (i) public deeds and notarized deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private 
autenticate) are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (ii) private deeds 
(scritture private non autenticate) are subject to registration tax at rate of €200 only in 
case of use or voluntary registration or occurrence of the so-called enunciazione. 
Stamp duty on financial instruments 
Pursuant to Article 13 paragraph 2-ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential 
Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual 
basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by a financial 
intermediary to their clients in respect of any Notes which may be deposited with such 
financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and it 
cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is 
determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available 
– the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for 
which is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. 
In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable pro-
rata. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian 
Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a 
client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an 
entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the 
Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19(18-23) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian 
resident individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) 
resident in Italy holding financial assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian 
territory are required to pay in its own annual tax declaration a wealth tax at the rate 
of 0.2 per cent. (starting from January 1, 2024, the wealth tax applies at a rate of 0.4

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
per cent if the Notes are held in a country listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 
4 May 1999). For taxpayers other than individuals, this wealth tax cannot exceed Euro 
14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value at the end of the relevant year (or at the end 
of the holding period) or – if no market value figure is available – on the nominal value 
or redemption value, or in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including the Notes) held 
outside of the Italian territory. A tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied 
abroad on such financial assets. The Italian tax authority clarified (Circular No. 28/E 
of 2 July 2012) that financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the 
wealth tax if they are administered by Italian financial intermediaries and the items of 
income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, Italian resident individuals, non-
commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships 
in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy who hold investments 
abroad or have financial activities abroad or are the beneficial owners, under the Italian 
money-laundering law, provided by Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 21 November 
2007, of investments abroad or foreign financial assets must, in certain circumstances, 
disclose the aforesaid to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case 
the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same 
time as prescribed for the income tax return). 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect 
to: (i) Notes deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; 
(ii) contracts entered into through Italian financial intermediaries intervention, upon 
condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by 
the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by 
deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 
threshold throughout the year. 
Other Taxation issues 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the 
"Commission's proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
"participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain 
circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to 
persons both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would 
apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution,

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State 
in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which 
is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating 
Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of 
which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT. 
United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly 
known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet 
certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer does not expect to 
be treated as a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that 
is two years after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru 
payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt 
(or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as 
described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above 
description is based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of 
which are subject to change or may be implemented in a materially different form.

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply 
to payments they may receive in connection with the Notes.

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Dealer Agreement 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banca Akros 
S.p.A., Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Banco 
Santander, S.A., BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Continental Europe, Intesa 
Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan SE, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, , Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH, 
Société Générale and UniCredit Bank GmbH (the "Dealers"). The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement 
dated 10 May 2024 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer, the Representative of the Noteholders 
and the Dealers, as amended and supplemented from time to time. If in the case of 
any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer 
and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that 
Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer 
which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of 
that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of 
Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than 
one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those 
Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be 
joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other 
interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond 
the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by 
the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or 
allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Subscription Agreements 
Any agreement between CDP, the Representative of the Noteholders and any one or 
more of the Dealers and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time for the 
sale and purchase of Notes (a "Subscription Agreement" and each Dealer party 
thereto, a "Relevant Dealer") will inter alia make provision for the price at which the 
relevant Notes will be purchased by the Relevant Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by CDP in respect of such 
purchase.

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the appointment of the 
Representative of the Noteholders by the Relevant Dealer(s) as initial holder(s) of the 
Notes then being issued. 
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from 
their obligations under the Subscription Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of 
the Notes. 
Selling restrictions 
General selling restrictions 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree that it will comply to the best of its knowledge and belief with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) and neither CDP nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility 
therefore. Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) comes are required by CDP and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, 
distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) or any related offering material, in all cases at their 
own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the 
restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such 
restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after 
the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without 
prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of CDP. Any 
such supplement or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or in the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) (in case of a supplement or modification only to a particular Tranche of Notes). 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may 
copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(ii) 
in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time 
(Regulation No. 11971).

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) 
above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to 
conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial 
Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed 
by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where 
applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, and/or any other 
Italian authority). 
United States of America 
The applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) will 
confirm whether the Issuer is Category 1, Category 2 or Category 3 for the purposes 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or if Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms 
(or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes do not require compliance with U.S. Treasury regulations under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"). If Category 2 is 
specified in the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be), each 
Dealer has severally agreed and each additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to severally agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer 
Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the date of commencement of the 
offering of the Notes and the issue date hereof, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will be required to agree that 
it will send to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance 
period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. 
Accordingly, if Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be), the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United 
States in offshore transactions in reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising 
any Series, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether 
or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used 
in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (EUWA); or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other United Kingdom regulatory restrictions

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business 
and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA .

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank as a base prospectus. 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of the Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Euronext Dublin. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as the Issuer(s) and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree or which are 
not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
The Euronext Dublin's Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer passed on 15 April 2015 which is valid and effective at the date 
hereof. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the 
Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes will be in bearer form and held in dematerialised form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(commercially named Euronext Securities Milan, with registered office and principal 
place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy), for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg). The relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes 
for clearance together with any further appropriate information. The Notes have been 
accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number 
in relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) relating thereto. 
Use of proceeds  
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will 
be used by the Issuer for its general funding purposes, or as otherwise indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus relating to the issuance, to finance or 
refinance Eligible Assets.

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles 
and the ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only Notes financing or refinancing 
Eligible Assets and complying with the relevant eligibility criteria and any other criteria 
set out in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) 
which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuers’ website at 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/green_social_sust_bonds.page (the “Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework”) (including as amended, restated or otherwise 
updated on such website from time to time) will be classified as Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds.  
For the purposes of this section:  
“Eligible Assets” means loans, bonds, projects, equity investments or other 
instruments identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Representative of the Noteholders 
A Representative of the Noteholders for each Series of Notes shall be appointed by 
the Dealers in the Subscription Agreement entered into in connection with such Series 
and in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, at the time of issue of such Series of 
Notes and set out in the relevant Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be). 
Legal Proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the section “Description of Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. – Legal 
Proceedings” at pages 190 to 192 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened, to which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had during the 12 
months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
No material adverse and no significant change 
Save as disclosed in the section “Risk factors – Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial 
position – Risk factors relating to the macroeconomic environment”, there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023, 
nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of the Issuer, since 31 December 2023. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, 
copies and (where applicable) English translations of the following documents may be 
inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent for the time being in Milan, and copies of the documents referred below can be 
obtained free of charge from the Principal Paying Agent during normal business hours

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
on request of the Noteholders, and online on the Issuer’s website links specified below 
in the section “General Information – Publication on the Internet”, namely: 
(a) 
the Article 5 and by-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Rules of Organisation of Noteholders;  
(c) 
the audited separate financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon 
and notes thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the years as at and ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022; 
(d) 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report 
thereon and notes thereto) of the Issuer in respect of the years as at and ended 
on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022; 
(e) 
the 2023 Base Prospectus; 
(f) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(g) 
any Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) relating to 
Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Notes 
which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) will only be available for inspection 
by the relevant Noteholders; 
(h) 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework together with any opinion 
on each such framework issued by a second party consultant as well as any 
public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the 
proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, 
from time to time published by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, neither 
the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework nor any second party 
opinion or public reporting are incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, 
copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent publicly 
available audited annual financial statements and unaudited interim financial 
information of the Issuer may be obtained during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
Certificate 
No request has been made for a certificate permitting offers to the public of the Notes 
in other member states of the European Union. 
Publication on the Internet 
The by-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer are available on the Issuer’s website at:

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Statuto_CDP_15-02-2023_EN.pdf  
Article 5 is available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/Law-Decree-no.269-2003-Art.5.PDF 
The Rules of Organisation of Noteholders will be available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/homepage.page 
The audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditor's report thereon) 
of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023 and the audited 
separate financial statements (including the auditor's report thereon) of the Issuer in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, all as included in the 2023 Annual 
Report are available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/RFA_2023_Gruppo_CDP_PW_ENG.p
df  
The audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditor's report thereon) 
of the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022 and the audited 
separate financial statements (including the auditor's report thereon) of the Issuer in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022, all as included in the 2022 Annual 
Report are available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/resources/cms/documents/RFA_2022_Gruppo_CDP_ENG.pdf   
The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework together with any opinion on 
each such framework issued by a second party consultant as well as any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of 
any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, from time to time 
published by the Issuer, will be available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/green_social_sust_bonds.page 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework nor any second party opinion or public reporting are incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The documents listed above in paragraphs (e) to (g) above are available at the Issuer’s 
website at: 
https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/debt_issuance_programme.page 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on the 
Euronext Dublin's website www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin. 
Independent Auditors 
Each of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the Issuer have been 
audited without qualification for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
2023 by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., who have given, and have not withdrawn, their 
consent to the inclusion of their report in this Base Prospectus in the form and context 
in which it is included. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered under No. 132587 in the Register of 
Accountancy Auditors (Registro Revisori Legali) by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
and Finance, in compliance with the provisions of the Legislative Decree of 27 January 
2010, No. 39. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., which is located at Via Tortona 25, 20144 
Milan, Italy, is also a member of ASSIREVI (the Italian association of audit firms). 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of 
such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be). The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in financing, investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and/or its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade bank loans, 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the 
purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" also includes parent companies. 
Foreign languages used in the Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and 
technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct 
technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 81560029E2CE4D14F425. 
Validity of the Base Prospectus and supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base 
prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Website 
CDP’s website is https://www.cdp.it/sitointernet/en/homepage.page. The information 
on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information 
contained therein is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
CASSA DEPOSITI E PRESTITI S.P.A. 
Via Goito, 4 
00185 Rome 
Italy 
JOINT ARRANGERS 
Cassa depositi e prestiti S.p.A. 
Via Goito, 4 
00185 Rome 
Italy 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
DEALERS 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Viale Eginardo 29 
20149 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar, 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
S.p.A. 
Piazza Salimbeni, 3 
53100 Siena 
Italy 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052,  
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking  
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George’s Dock, IFSC, 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer: 
To the Joint Arrangers and the Dealers: 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale 
Tributario 
Via XX Settembre 5 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale 
Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milano 
Italy

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy