--- Page 1 ---
10250686369-v21 
 
47-41048211 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
CREDITO EMILIANO S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a Societa per Azioni in the Republic of Italy under registered number 01806740153) 
and 
 
CREDITO EMILIANO HOLDING S.P.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a Società per Azioni in the Republic of Italy under registered number 00168990356) 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Under this €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
("Credem") and Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. ("Credem Holding" and together with Credem, the "Issuers" or "us" or "we") may from 
time to time issue non-equity securities governed by Italian law (the "Notes"), denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuers and 
the Dealers (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealers specified under "Description of the Programme" below and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue 
of Notes being subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to benchmarks including EURIBOR or CMS, or such 
other reference rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below) as the case may be. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI", as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the European Securities 
and Markets Authority's ("ESMA") register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of CMS) does not appear on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the 
Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuers to fulfil their obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank of Ireland has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that is 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Central Bank of Ireland, in its capacity as competent authority in Ireland for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, has been requested 
to provide Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") which is the competent authority in Italy, with a certificate of 
approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus is valid 
for 12 months. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus comprises a Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to 
the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period 
of 12 months from the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated 
market. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). 
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which 
are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuers and the relevant Dealer. The Issuers may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted 
to trading on any market.

--- Page 2 ---
10250686369-v21 
- ii - 
47-41048211 
 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions" (the "Conditions") as 
completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche 
(a "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Securities Act") or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom (the "UK") by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language 
in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels f or distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes include 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which 
will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (Chapter 289 of Singapore)

--- Page 3 ---
10250686369-v21 
- iii - 
47-41048211 
 
(the "SFA"). The Issuers will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas 
DEALER 
BNP Paribas 
Credem 
Credem Euromobiliare Private 
Banking 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 10 March 2023.

--- Page 4 ---
10250686369-v21 
- iv - 
47-41048211 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuers accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuers, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the relevant Final Terms as the relevant Dealer 
or the Managers, as the case may be. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuers and the specified office set 
out below of the Paying Agents (as defined below and pursuant to the Terms and Conditions) and, in the 
case of listed Notes, will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below) and with any supplements hereto. 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Fiscal Agent nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised this Base 
Prospectus or any part thereof. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent or any of 
their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer or the Fiscal Agent accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers in connection with 
the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers, the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuers or such 
other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, any of the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuers, any of the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuers. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers, any of 
the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuers is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
and the Fiscal Agent expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their 
attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. See "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 5 ---
10250686369-v21 
- v - 
47-41048211 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Dealers and the Fiscal Agent do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuers, the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent which would permit a public offering 
of any Notes outside the EEA or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA (including France and the 
Republic of Italy) and Japan. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk based capital or similar rules. 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to, among 
other things, the future financial performance of the Issuers, plans and expectations regarding 
developments in the business, growth and profitability of the Issuers and general industry and business 
conditions applicable to the Issuers. The Issuers have based these forward-looking statements on their 
current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about future events. These forward-looking 
statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause the actual results, 
performance or achievements of the Issuers or those of their industry to be materially different from or 
worse than these forward-looking statements. The Issuers do not assume any obligation to update such 
forward-looking statements and to adapt them to future events or developments except to the extent 
required by law. 
None of the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and 
sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or make 
any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the Dealers or the 
Fiscal Agent is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. In addition none of the Dealers 
or the Fiscal Agent have conducted any due diligence on the Issuers' Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on 
certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other 
aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor 
preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a 
statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers, the Fiscal Agent nor the relevant 
Issuer as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any 
third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer) made available in connection with an issue of 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime 
or oversight. 
Any Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, 
a recommendation by the relevant Issuer or the Dealers, or the Fiscal Agent or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that 
formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any 
time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein. The Issuers' Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework

--- Page 6 ---
10250686369-v21 
- vi - 
47-41048211 
 
may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Issuers' Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other 
such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
All references in this document to: "Euro", "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended; "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars being the 
currency of the United States of America; "Sterling" refers to the currency of the United Kingdom; and 
"yen" refers to the currency of Japan. 
Public Offers of Notes in the European Economic Area 
Certain Tranches of Notes (other than the Senior Non Preferred Notes which shall have a denomination of at least 
€150,000 and the Subordinated Notes which shall have a denomination of at least €200,000, or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) with a denomination of less than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) may, subject as provided below, be offered in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a "Public Offer". This 
Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Notes in Italy (the "Public Offer 
Jurisdiction"). Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Notes in the Public Offer Jurisdiction 
on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the consent of the Issuers – see "Consent given in 
accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades)" below. 
If after the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuers intends to add one or more Member States to the list of Public 
Offer Jurisdictions for any purpose, it will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus specifying such Member 
State(s) and any relevant additional information required by the Prospectus Regulation. Such supplement will also 
set out provisions relating to the consent of the Issuers to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with any 
Public Offer in any such additional Public Offer Jurisdiction. 
In the context of any Public Offer of Notes, the relevant Issuer accepts responsibility in that Public Offer 
Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") who purchases any 
Notes made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer 
Period (as defined below). 
Except in the circumstances described below, the relevant Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by 
any offeror and the Issuers have not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
Any offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer is unauthorised and the relevant Issuer, nor, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the 
actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, 
the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. 
If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its 
contents, the Investor should take legal advice.

--- Page 7 ---
10250686369-v21 
- vii - 
47-41048211 
 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
Common conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the consent of the Issuers are (in addition to the conditions described in either sub-Paragraph (a) 
(Specific Consent) or sub-Paragraph (b) (General Consent) under "Specific Consent and General Consent" below) 
that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Notes; 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within twelve months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Specific Consent and General Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out above under "Common Conditions to Consent", each of the Issuers consents to 
the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of Notes by: 
(a) 
Specific Consent: 
(i) 
the Dealers specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the website of the Issuers and identified as an Authorised Offeror in 
respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
(b) 
General Consent: 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other financial intermediary 
which: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II; and 
(ii) 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Notes] 
(the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") published 
by [insert name of Issuer] (the "Issuer"). 
In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant their consent to our use of the Base Prospectus 
(as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in Italy during the Offer 
Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus), 
we accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II to make, 
and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer accordingly. 
Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such 
terms in the Base Prospectus." 
Any financial intermediary falling within this sub-Paragraph (b) who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to publish a duly completed Acceptance Statement on its website.

--- Page 8 ---
10250686369-v21 
- viii - 
47-41048211 
 
Authorised Offerors 
The financial intermediaries referred to in sub-Paragraphs (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) and sub-Paragraph (b), above, are 
together referred to herein as the "Authorised Offerors". 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Notes 
Neither the Issuers (nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers) has any responsibility for any of the 
actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A PUBLIC OFFER FROM 
AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN 
INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND 
SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT 
ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUERS WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH 
SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES 
CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT 
CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE 
ISSUERS AND THE DEALERS HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN 
RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, such financial intermediary will provide 
information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to all Dealers or financial 
intermediaries (general consent), any Dealer or financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus is 
required to state on its website that it uses the Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent and the 
conditions attached thereto. 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or more specified Dealers or 
financial intermediaries (individual consent), any new information with respect to Dealers or financial 
intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms 
will be published on the website https://www.credem.it/.  
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Notes to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the relevant Issuer at the Issue Price specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the relevant Issuer in consultation with the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on the interest 
rate applicable to the Notes and prevailing market conditions at that time. The offer price of such Notes will be 
the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the 
offer of the Notes to such Investor. The Issuers will not be party to arrangements between an Investor and an 
Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at 
which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Notes to such Investor. 
Suitability of the Notes as an investment 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 9 ---
10250686369-v21 
- ix - 
47-41048211 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor's 
financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential 
investor's overall investment portfolio. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer (if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
Drawdown Prospectus may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Such stabilising shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. Any loss or profit sustained as a consequence of any such over-allotment or stabilising shall, as 
against the Issuers, be for the account of the Stabilising Manager(s) and the Lead Manager(s). 
MARKET STATISTICS 
Information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding business trends, market trends, market 
volumes and market share of Credem and Credem Holding is either derived from, or are based on, internal data. 
No information has been sourced from third parties.

--- Page 10 ---
10250686369-v21 
- x - 
47-41048211 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................... 11 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................................. 18 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................................ 48 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................................... 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS ........................................................................................................................................ 54 
FORM OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................................................................. 101 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 ..................... 105 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 ................... 124 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................................... 146 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA ............................................................................................... 147 
DESCRIPTION OF CREDITO EMILIANO HOLDING S.P.A. ................................................................................. 149 
DESCRIPTION OF CREDITO EMILIANO S.P.A. ..................................................................................................... 170 
REGULATORY ASPECTS .......................................................................................................................................... 190 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................................... 212 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................................................... 221 
GENERAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................................... 226 
ANNEX 1 FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INFLATION-LINKED NOTES ................................... 229

--- Page 11 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 11 - 
47-41048211 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of such Tranche and the relevant Final Terms. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have 
the same meanings in this description. 
Issuers: 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. and Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, Credito Emiliano S.p.A. and Credem Euromobiliare 
Private Banking S.p.A. 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Citibank Europe plc 
Listing Agent: 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Programme Size: 
€5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuers may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Euro and, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
other currency agreed between the Issuers and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuers and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuers or 
the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, pursuant to Article 12-bis, 
paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking Act, the Maturity 
Date shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue Date. 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted by 
current laws, regulations, directives and/or the requirements of the 
Relevant Authority (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) applicable 
to the issue of Subordinated Notes by the Issuers, Subordinated Notes 
must have a minimum maturity of five years (or, if issued for an 
indefinite duration, redemption of such Notes may only occur five 
years after their date of issue). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in

--- Page 12 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 12 - 
47-41048211 
 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale – United Kingdom" below. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or (2) pursuant to 
a drawdown prospectus (each a "Drawdown Prospectus") prepared in 
connection with a particular Tranche of Notes. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of the relevant Final Terms, 
those relevant Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
complete the Conditions and this Base Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
such relevant Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by such 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions 
as supplemented, amended and/ or replaced to the extent described in 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuers and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and, each, a "Tranche") 
issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will be subject 
to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of the first 
payment of interest may be different in respect of different Tranches. 
The Notes of each Tranche will be subject to identical terms in all 
respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will on issue be represented by 
either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Temporary Global Notes will be 
exchangeable for either (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note or (ii) 
definitive Notes, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. Permanent 
Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Notes upon either (i) 
not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Global Note) to the Fiscal Agent as described therein 
or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
under "Form of the Notes" below. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a variable rate or be 
index-linked and the method of calculating interest may vary between 
the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. Reset Notes 
will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the initial fixed rate 
of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed 
rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate, as

--- Page 13 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 13 - 
47-41048211 
 
adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuers and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuers 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark replacement: 
Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) provides for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event (as described in the 
Conditions) occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when the Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any 
component part(s) thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate. In such event, the relevant Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to determine a Successor Rate and an 
Adjustment Spread (if any) or if the relevant Issuer cannot determine a 
Successor Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any), shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Benchmark Rate and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any, as well as any Benchmark Amendments. 
See Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) for further information. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed at par or at such other Redemption Amount 
(detailed in a formula, index or otherwise) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Notes may also be redeemable in two or more 
instalments on such dates and in such manner as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms 
The redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall 
be subject to compliance by the Issuers with any conditions to such 
redemption or repurchase prescribed by (i) the MREL Requirements at 
the relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such 
redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL Requirements) and (ii) in case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes only, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by 
any Relevant Authority at the relevant time. 
 
Under CRR, the early redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject 
to the prior written approval of the Relevant Authority. The Relevant 
Authority would approve an early redemption of the Subordinated 
Notes if either of the following conditions are met: (i) on or before such 
early redemption of the Subordinated Notes, the Issuers replace the 
Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of an equal or higher 
quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuers; or (ii) the Issuers have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Authority that their own funds would, following such 
redemption, exceed the own funds requirements and combined buffer 
requirements under CRD IV by a margin that the Relevant Authority 
may consider necessary on the basis set out in CRD IV.

--- Page 14 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 14 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Maturities" 
above. 
Redemption for Indexation 
Reasons: 
Inflation linked interest notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuers, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is no appropriate alternative index in relation to 
Inflation-Linked Notes, on giving notice to Noteholders, the Issuers 
shall redeem or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the 
Inflation-Linked Notes, each Inflation-Linked Note being redeemed or 
cancelled, as applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders. Any such redemption shall be subject to the prior 
consent of the Relevant Authority and, in the case of any Notes, to the 
circumstances described in "Redemption" above. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Noteholders or, as the case may be, the Issuers (either in whole or in 
part) to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any 
such redemption shall be subject to the prior consent of the Relevant 
Authority and, in the case of any Notes, to the circumstances described 
in "Redemption" above. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part and to the extent (if 
at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, if 75% or any higher 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the initial aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the 
avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently 
and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series 
of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuers and cancelled. Any such redemption shall be subject to the prior 
consent of the Relevant Authority. 
Regulatory Call: 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Subordinated 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuers if any change in Italian Law or Applicable Banking Regulations 
or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof, such 
Subordinated Notes are excluded in whole or, to the extent permitted 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part from regulatory 
treatment as Tier 2 Capital. Such optional redemption may only be at 
the option of the Issuers and is subject to any necessary prior consent 
thereto having been obtained from the Relevant Authority. 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event applies, Senior Notes or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuers if the Issuers determine that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. Any such 
redemption shall be subject to the circumstances described in 
"Redemption" above. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" and "Regulatory Call" 
above, early redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as 
described in Condition 10(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
for tax reasons). Any such redemption shall be subject to the prior 
consent of the Relevant Authority and, in the case of any Notes, to the 
circumstances described in "Redemption" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuers and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified

--- Page 15 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 15 - 
47-41048211 
 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a member state of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which would otherwise 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at least 
€150,000 or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable 
law from time to time (or, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other Specified Currency). 
Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least €200,000 or 
such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from 
time to time (or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
other Specified Currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes by the Issuers, 
in case of payments under the Notes will be made free and clear of 
deduction or withholding taxes in the jurisdiction of incorporation of 
the Issuers, unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In 
that event, the Issuers will (subject as provided in Condition 12 
(Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 12 (Taxation), the Issuers 
shall not be liable in certain circumstances to pay any additional 
amounts to holders of the Notes with respect to any payment, 
withholding or deduction pursuant to Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 
on account of substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva, as defined therein) in 
relation to interest payable in respect of any Notes. 
 
In addition, Notes are subject to a withholding tax at the rate of 26% 
per annum in respect of interest and premium (if any) on Notes that 
qualify as of typical securities (pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended and supplemented from time to time). 
The Issuers will not be liable to pay any additional amounts to 
Noteholders in relation to any such withholding, as more fully specified 
in Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Negative Pledge: 
None 
Status of Notes: 
Notes may be issued either on a senior basis ("Senior Notes") or on a 
senior non-preferred basis ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes") or on a 
subordinated basis ("Subordinated Notes") as described herein. 
 
The status of the Senior Notes is described in Condition 4(a) 
(Status - Senior Notes). 
 
Notes may be issued as Senior Non-Preferred Notes as described in 
Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
 
Notes may be issued as Subordinated Notes as described in Condition 
4(c) (Status - Subordinated Notes). 
Terms and Conditions: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes to be 
listed on Euronext Dublin, and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin. A copy of such Final Terms will be filed 
with the Central Bank of Ireland and delivered to Euronext Dublin on 
or before the date of issue of such Notes. The terms and conditions 
applicable to the Notes of each Tranche will be those set out herein

--- Page 16 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 16 - 
47-41048211 
 
under Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed and/or modified 
by the relevant Final Terms 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risks related to the holding of any Notes issued under 
the Programme which investors should ensure they fully understand. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuers to 
fulfil their obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" above. 
Rating: 
The rating (if any) of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant 
Series of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or (2) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency which is established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the European Union but which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. 
 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the United Kingdom which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating 
agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation, which may be found on the following page: at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Central 
Bank of Ireland has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes 
that is the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin and to be listed on the Official List. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuers and

--- Page 17 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 17 - 
47-41048211 
 
the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither 
listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any Notes, 
any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Modification 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes: 
The Issuers may, without the consent of the holders of Subordinated 
Notes vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes, as fully specified in 
Condition 17(c). 
Modification of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
The Issuers may, without the consent of the holders of Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes vary the terms of the Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as fully specified in Condition 17(d) 
(Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver in relation to 
Credem). 
Governing Law of the Notes: 
The Notes and the Coupons and any non contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area 
(including the Republic of Italy and France) and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche of Notes. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with 
effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with 
effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.

--- Page 18 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 18 - 
47-41048211 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuers believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. In 
particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose 
some or all of the principal amount invested by it. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes are also described below. 
The Issuers believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes, 
but the inability of the Issuers to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes may 
occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuers based on information currently 
available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in and incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus and consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in the light 
of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances, based upon their own judgment and 
upon advice from such financial, legal, tax and other professional advisers as they deem necessary. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including the 
information incorporated by reference. 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUERS 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this chapter on the risk factors before making any investment 
decision, in order to understand the risks related to the Issuers and obtain a better appreciation of the Issuers' 
abilities to satisfy the obligations related to the Notes issued by the Issuers and described in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Issuers deem that the following risk factors could affect the ability of the same to satisfy its obligations 
arising from the Notes. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks relating to Credem Holding as the parent company of a banking group 
• 
Risks relating to the financial situation of Credem Group 
• 
Risks relating to the business sector of Credem Group 
• 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory framework 
• 
Risks relating to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the applied 
accounting principles 
Risks relating to Credem Holding as the parent company of a banking group 
Credem Holding is a financial non-operating holding company 
Credem Holding is the financial non-operating holding company of Credem, which is the parent company of the 
Credem Group. According to Directive 2002/87/EC on the supplementary supervision of credit institutions, 
insurance undertakings and investment firms in a financial conglomerate, as subsequently amended (FICOD), 
Credem Holding is both a parent financial holding company in a Member State and the parent undertaking of a 
financial conglomerate comprising entities operating in both the banking and the insurance sectors (the "Credem 
Financial Conglomerate"). On 6 October 2017, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") classified the Credem 
Group as a financial conglomerate and requested Credem to include Credem Holding into its perimeter of 
consolidation for prudential and capital requirements. 
Credem Holding is not part of the Credem Group. The main source of operating funds for Credem Holding are the 
dividends and distributions it receives from Credem and the amounts raised through the issuance of debt instruments.

--- Page 19 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 19 - 
47-41048211 
 
According to its bylaws, Credem Holding cannot exercise direction and coordination functions over the Credem 
Group. Credem Holding's direct subsidiary, Credem, is a separate and distinct legal entity and has no obligation to 
pay any amounts due to holders of Notes issued by Credem Holding or to provide Credem Holding with funds to 
meet any of its payment obligations. The extent to which Credem Holding is able to receive or raise such funds will, 
in turn, affect its ability to make payments on the Notes issued by Credem Holding and any other debt instruments 
of Credem Holding, which, in addition, may rank senior. 
As of 1 February 2023, Credem Holding owns 76.83% of the share capital of Credem. According to Credem 
Holding's by-laws, its participation in Credem must not fall below 51% the share capital of Credem. However, there 
can be no assurance that such participation may not be reduced in the future, which may result in a reduction of 
dividends or other payments by Credem to Credem Holding, so adversely affecting the Credem Holding's financial 
conditions and profitability. 
The ability of the subsidiaries comprising the Credem Group to pay dividends and make other payments to Credem 
Holding may depend on their profitability. As a consequence, Credem Holding's financial condition and results of 
operations may be affected by the specific risks of the Credem Group and the business sectors in which it operates 
and any adverse effect to the Credem Group's business, financial condition and results of operations may result in 
a reduction of dividends or other payments by Credem to Credem Holding, adversely affecting Credem Holding's 
financial condition and results of operations. Please see "Risks relating to Credem and the Credem Group" below. 
The holders of Notes issued by Credem Holding will be structurally subordinated to other creditors who hold 
debt instruments at the level of one or more of the operating subsidiaries of Credem Holding 
The holders of Notes issued by Credem Holding will be structurally subordinated to other creditors who hold debt 
instruments at the level of one or more of the operating entities comprising the Credem Group, including 
instruments issued by Credem. Credem Holding's rights to participate in the assets of Credem or of any other 
subsidiary which is liquidated will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary's creditors and any preference 
shareholders (if any), except in the circumstance where Credem Holding is also a creditor of such subsidiary with 
claims that are recognised to be ranked ahead of or pari passu with such claims. Accordingly, if Credem were to be 
wound up, liquidated or dissolved: (i) the holders of Notes issued by Credem Holding would have no right to 
proceed against the assets of such subsidiary, and (ii) Credem Holding would only recover any amounts (directly, 
or indirectly through its holdings of other subsidiaries) in the liquidation of that subsidiary in respect of its direct 
or indirect holding of ordinary shares in such subsidiary, if and to the extent that any surplus assets remain following 
payment in full of the claims of the creditors and preference shareholders (if any) of that subsidiary. 
Credem and its subsidiaries generally hold more operational assets than Credem Holding. If the assets of Credem 
and its subsidiaries were to be realised, it is possible that, after such realisation, insufficient assets would remain 
available for distribution to Credem Holding in order to enable it to fulfil any payment obligations under the Notes 
issued by Credem Holding. 
The ability of the subsidiaries to make dividends and other payments to Credem Holding may be limited 
The Credem Group is subject to extensive and onerous regulation and supervision. The regulatory framework the 
Credem Group is subject to is mainly designed and intended to increase financial and consumer credit regulations 
and supervisory bodies have broad jurisdiction over many aspects of Credem Group, including capital adequacy 
requirements, marketing and selling practices, advertising, licensing, terms of business and permitted investments. 
In particular, the Credem Group is required to hold a license for its operations and is subject to regulation and 
supervision by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy and the Istituto per la Vigilanza sulle Assicurazioni ("IVASS"). 
Furthermore, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, Credem is directly supervised 
by the ECB. The banking laws to which the Credem Group is subject govern the activities in which banks may 
engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks and limit their exposure to risk. Extensive 
regulations are already in place and new regulations and guidelines are introduced relatively frequently. Any 
changes in the regulatory framework, in how such regulations are applied, or any further implementation of new 
requirements for financial institutions and banks, may have a material effect on the business and operations of the 
Credem Group. 
Should Credem not be able to meet the capital and/or MREL requirements imposed by the applicable laws and 
regulations, it may be required to maintain higher levels of capital, which could potentially affect its funding 
conditions, growth opportunities and thus profitability. In these circumstances, the ability of the Credem Group to 
make dividends and other payments to Credem Holding may be materially jeopardized or prevented as supervisory

--- Page 20 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 20 - 
47-41048211 
 
authorities have the authority to block or reduce flow of funds from those subsidiaries to Credem Holding, should 
the minimum levels of capital and prudential requirements not be met. This would in turn materially affect the 
financial conditions, stability and results of Credem Holding. For further information, please see sections "Risk 
relating to the legal and regulatory framework". 
Risks related to the ratings assigned to Credem Holding 
The ratings assigned to Credem Holding by the main international rating agencies are an indication of the credit 
ratings of Credem Holding itself and the outlook represents the parameter which indicates the expected trend in the 
near future of the ratings assigned to Credem Holding. However, such indications may not properly reflect 
developments in the solvency position of Credem Holding and the Credem Group. In addition, ratings assigned to 
Credem Holding may be influenced by developments in the rating assigned to Italy's sovereign debt and 
macroeconomic conditions in Italy. Any deterioration in the Italian sovereign debt rating or in the Italian 
macroeconomic scenario may lead to a downgrade of Credem Holding's ratings, which could in turn cause adverse 
effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of Credem Holding and/or of the Credem 
Group. 
Any reduction of the rating levels assigned to Credem Holding could affect Credem Holding and the Credem 
Group's ability to access various liquidity instruments and could lead to an increase in funding costs or require the 
granting of additional guarantees for the purpose of accessing liquidity. This may cause adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations of Credem Holding and/or of the Credem Group. 
Risks relating to the financial situation of the Credem Group 
Risks relating to corporate transactions 
The Credem Group companies have engaged and may still engage in significant corporate transactions such as 
mergers, de-mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures, the success of which cannot be predicted. Moreover, no 
assurance can be given that such transactions will not negatively impact Credem's results and financial position in 
the short and/or the medium term or that the Credem Group companies may not face, in the context of such corporate 
transactions, any administrative, legal, technical, industrial, operational, regulatory, financial policy obstacles or 
other difficulties, such that they may not achieve the results, objectives or benefits expected. In addition, any delay 
in completing, or the failure to complete, an acquisition, disposal, merger, joint venture or similar operation, could 
prejudice the full achievement or delay fully achieving, the results and the benefits expected for the Credem Group, 
and could have significant negative repercussions on the business prospects, results and/or financial situation of 
Credem Group. Finally, given that the performance of the Credem Group depends to a large extent on the business 
success of Credem, if any disposal of Credem's investments is made on terms and conditions which are 
unsatisfactory, the consequent negative impacts on its financial position and prospects could also affect the Credem 
Group's business activities and results. 
Risks related to the ratings assigned to Credem 
The ratings assigned to Credem by the main international rating agencies are an indication of the credit ratings of 
Credem itself and the outlook represents the parameter which indicates the expected trend in the near future, of the 
ratings assigned to Credem. However, such indications may not properly reflect developments in the solvency 
position of Credem and the Credem Group. In addition, ratings assigned to Credem may be influenced by 
developments in the rating assigned to Italy's sovereign debt and the Italian macroeconomic conditions. Any 
deterioration in the Italian sovereign debt rating or in the Italian macroeconomic condition may lead to a downgrade 
of Credem's ratings, which could in turn cause adverse effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations of Credem and/or of the Credem Group. 
Any reduction of the rating levels assigned to Credem could have a negative effect on the opportunities for Credem 
and for the Credem Group to access the various liquidity instruments and could lead to an increase in funding costs 
or require the granting of additional guarantees for the purpose of accessing liquidity. This may cause adverse 
effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of Credem and/or of the Credem Group.

--- Page 21 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 21 - 
47-41048211 
 
Risks relating to the business sector of the Credem Group 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors 
Credem's earnings and business are affected by general macro-economic conditions, the performance of financial 
markets and of market participants, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws and regulations, 
changes in the policies of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the ECB, and competitive factors, at a 
regional, national and international level. Each of these factors can change the level of demand for Credem's 
products and services, the credit quality of its customers, debtors and counterparties, the interest rate margin 
between lending and borrowing costs and the value of its investment and trading portfolios and can influence the 
Credem Group's balance sheet and economic results. 
The current macroeconomic situation is characterized by high levels of uncertainty, due in part to: (i) the impact of 
the COVID-19 pandemic on global growth and individual countries; (ii) the U.S.-driven trend toward protectionism; 
(iii) the rapid growth of credit in the Chinese economy and the risk of a downward pressure on Chinese property 
investment causing an outright contraction in housing sales and investment; (iv) future developments in the ECB 
and U.S. Federal Reserve monetary policies and the policies implemented by various countries, including those 
aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; (v) constant change in the global and European 
banking sector, which has led to a progressive reduction in the spread between lending and borrowing rates; and 
(vi) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, including Italy, and the related, repeated shocks to 
the financial markets. European political uncertainties also remain a source of potential setback for the recovery. 
In addition, the continuation of the Russia-Ukraine war that started in February 2022, together with the imposition 
of sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests by a number of countries including the 
European Union, has already had a significant impact on the European and global economy, with greater market 
volatility and significant increases in the prices of energy and natural gas. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it 
is not possible to predict the broader consequences of the invasion, which could include further sanctions, export 
controls and embargoes, greater regional instability, geopolitical shifts and other adverse effects on macroeconomic 
conditions, currency exchange rates, supply chains (including the supply of fuel from Russia) and financial markets, 
all of which could, either directly or indirectly, have an adverse impact on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Credem Group. 
Furthermore, the results of the Credem Group could be affected by general economic, financial and other business 
conditions and, in particular, by the trends of the Italian economy (determined, inter alia, by factors such as the 
expected growth perspectives of the economy and credit reliability). In particular, as Italy is the country in which 
the Credem Group operates on an almost exclusive basis and in respect of which the Credem Group has a relevant 
credit exposure, its business is particularly sensitive to investors' perception of Italy's financial condition as well as 
its prospects for economic growth. The political uncertainty and persistence of adverse economic conditions in Italy, 
or Italy's a slower recovery compared to other OECD nations could have an adverse effect on the Credem Group's 
business, cost of borrowing, results of operations or financial condition, as well as on the value of its assets, and 
could result in further costs related to write-downs and impairment losses. In addition, any downgrade of the Italian 
sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may occur, may destabilise the markets and have 
an adverse effect on the Credem Group's operating results, capital and liquidity position, financial condition and 
prospects as well as on the marketability of the Notes. If sentiment towards banks and/or other financial institutions 
operating in Italy were to deteriorate materially, or if Credem's ratings and/or the ratings of the sector were to be 
further adversely affected, this may have an adverse impact on the Credem Group. In addition, such change in 
sentiment or reduction in ratings could result in an increase in the costs and a reduction in the availability of 
wholesale market funding across the financial sector which could have an adverse effect on the liquidity funding 
and value of the assets of all Italian financial services institutions, including Credem. 
Despite the difficult economic context, as at 30 June 2022, the total financial assets (direct and indirect) from 
customers amounted to €84,261 million (a decrease of 6.7% compared with the end of 2021), net inflows from 
assets under management and insurance amounted to €265 million, net inflows from assets under administration to 
€723 million and net direct deposits inflows to €95 million. 
However, material adverse effects on the business and profitability of the Credem Group may result from further 
developments in terms of monetary policy and/or additional events occurring on an extraordinary basis (such as 
political instability, terrorism and any other similar event occurring in the markets where the Credem Group operates 
and, as recently experienced, a pandemic emergency).

--- Page 22 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 22 - 
47-41048211 
 
The macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges mentioned above could increase the cost of funding of the Credem 
Group's, with a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition and results of operations of Credem 
and/or the Credem Group. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default (in particular, recoverability of loans) or in 
the broadest sense from a failure to perform contractual obligations, including on the part of any guarantors. Credit 
risk includes (i) counterparty risk and (ii) risks connected to the deterioration of the credit quality. 
A number of factors affect a bank's credit risk in relation to individual credit exposures or for its entire loan book. 
These include the trend in general economic conditions or those in specific sectors, changes in the rating of 
individual counterparties, deterioration in the competitive position of counterparties, poor management on the part 
of firms or counterparties given lines of credit, and other external factors, also of a legal and regulatory nature. 
The deterioration of the creditworthiness of major customers and, more generally, any defaults or repayment 
irregularities, the launch of bankruptcy proceedings by counterparties, the reduction of the economic value of 
guarantees received and/or the inability to execute the said guarantees successfully and/or in a timely manner, as 
well as any errors in assessing customers' creditworthiness (which may affect the Credem Group's risk management 
methodologies, assessments and processes) could have a material negative effect on the business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations of Credem and/or the Credem Group. 
a) Counterparty risk 
The Credem Group is also exposed to counterparty risk. Counterparty risk is the risk that the counterparty of a 
transaction (including operations in derivatives and repurchase agreements) involving particular financial 
instruments may default before the transaction is settled. The Credem Group trades derivative contracts with a wide 
variety of underlying assets and instruments, including interest rates, exchange rates, equity indices, commodities 
and loans, with counterparties from the financial services sector, commercial banks, government entities, financial 
and insurance firms, investment banks, funds and other institutional clients as well as with non- institutional clients. 
Transactions in derivatives and repurchase transactions expose the Credem Group to the risk that the counterparty 
defaults or becomes insolvent before settlement or expiry of the transaction, where Credem or other Credem Group 
company has an outstanding claim against such counterparty, in addition to market risks and operational risks. 
Such risks, which were accentuated as a result of the financial crisis and the consequent volatility in financial 
markets, could result in further adverse effects, if collateral provided to Credem or other companies of the Credem 
Group cannot be realised or liquidated according to the envisaged timetable, in a manner, or to an extent, sufficient 
to cover the exposure to the counterparty. 
The Credem Group has specific policies and procedures for identifying, monitoring and managing these types of 
risk. Any breach by the counterparties of the obligations they assume under derivative or repurchase contracts they 
have made with Credem or other companies of the Credem Group, and/or the realisation or liquidation of such 
collateral as they have provided that delivers a lower value than expected, may result in adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations of Credem and/or of the Credem Group. 
b) Risks connected to the deterioration of credit quality 
The Credem Group's policies for managing and controlling the quality of the loan portfolio, and associated risks, 
are based on rules of sound and prudent management. The policies are implemented by distributing, managing and 
monitoring credit risks that change due to the circumstances of the market, business sector and the characteristics 
of each borrower. The loan portfolio is closely monitored on a continuous basis in order to promptly identify any 
signs of imbalance and to take corrective measures aimed at preventing any deterioration. 
The recent crisis in the financial markets and the global economic slowdown have reduced, also as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the disposable income of households, as well as the profitability of companies and/or have 
adversely affected the ability of bank customers to honour their commitments, resulting in a deterioration in credit 
quality in the areas of activity of Credem.

--- Page 23 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 23 - 
47-41048211 
 
The coverage of the non-performing exposures of the Credem Group as at 30 September 2022 was equal to 52.9%. 
The Credem Group's gross NPL ratio was equal to 2.18% as of 30 September 2022. On 30 September 2021, the 
gross NPL ratio was equal to 2.58%. Even though the Credem Group periodically makes provisions to cover 
potential losses on the basis of its experience and statistics, the Credem Group may have to increase these provisions 
further should there be a rise in bad loans or an increasing number of the Credem Group's debtors subject to 
insolvency proceedings (including bankruptcy or creditors' composition). In addition, provisioning may have to 
increase on the basis of Regulation (EU) 2019 No. 630 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the 
"Prudential Backstop Regulation"), once implemented. In this regard, any significant increase in the provisions 
for non-performing exposures, change in the estimates of credit risk, or any losses that exceed the level of the 
provisions already made, could have a negative impact on the business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations of Credem and/or the Credem Group. 
Competition 
Credem is subject to competition from a large number of companies who may offer the same financial products and 
services and other forms of alternative and/or novel forms of borrowing or investment. Such competitors include 
banks and other financial intermediaries. In addition, the formation of increasingly large banking groups, and the 
entry of foreign financial institutions into the Italian banking market, may allow such companies to offer products 
and services on terms that are more financially advantageous than those which Credem is able to offer as a result 
of their possible economies of scale. 
Competitive pressure may arise either from consumer demand of new services as well as technological demand, 
with the consequent necessity to make investments, or as a result of competitors' specific competitive actions. In 
the event that the Credem Group is not able to respond to the increasing competitive pressure by, for example, 
offering profitable new services and products that meet client demands, the Credem Group could lose market share 
in a number of business sectors and/or fail to increase or maintain the volumes of business and/or profit margins it 
has achieved in the past, with possible adverse effects on Credem's financial condition and results of operations. 
Operational risks 
The Credem Group, like all financial institutions, is exposed to the risk of incurring losses due to the inadequacy 
or inefficiency of processes, personnel and internal system, or caused by external factors. For example, these include 
losses due to fraud, human error, interruptions in operations, system unavailability (including information 
technology ("IT") system; see also "Risks relating to information technology systems" below), contractual breaches 
and natural disasters. In terms of their monetary manifestation, the operational risks include legal risk, model-
related risk, operating losses overlapping market risk (i.e. losses and/or additional costs related to financial 
transactions) and operating losses overlapping credit risk (i.e. losses generated during the placement of a product 
and/or within a lending process, due to an operational risk). The Credem Group's systems and processes are 
designed to ensure that the operational risks associated with its activities are appropriately monitored. Any failure 
or weakness in these systems, could however adversely affect its financial performance and business activities. 
Risks relating to information technology systems 
The Credem Group depends on its IT and data processing systems to operate its business, as well as on their 
continuous maintenance and constant updating. The Credem Group is exposed to the risk that data could be 
damaged or lost, removed, disclosed or processed (data breach) for purposes other than those authorized by the 
customer, including by unauthorized parties. 
The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, employee or third-party data, as well as its removal, 
unauthorized processing or disclosure, would have a negative impact on the Credem Group's business and 
reputation, and could subject the Credem Group to fines, with consequent negative effects on the Credem Group's 
business, results of operations or financial condition. 
In addition, changes to relevant regulation could impose more stringent sanctions for violations and could have a 
negative impact on the Credem Group's business as they could entail additional compliance costs for the Credem 
Group. 
There are possible risks with regard to the reliability of IT systems and the continuity of IT services, the quality and 
integrity of the data managed and the threats to which IT systems are subject, as well as risks related to the

--- Page 24 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 24 - 
47-41048211 
 
management of software changes (change management), which could have negative effects on the operations and 
capital and financial situation of the Credem Group. 
Risks faced by the Credem Group relating to the management of IT systems include possible violations of its 
systems due to unauthorized access to the Credem Group's corporate network or IT resources, the introduction of 
viruses into computers and servers or any other form of abuse committed via the internet or via other connected 
third-party networks. Such violations have become more frequent over the years throughout the world and therefore 
can threaten the protection of information relating to the Credem Group and our customers and can have negative 
effects on the integrity of the Credem Group's IT systems, as well as on the confidence of the Credem Group's 
customers and on the Credem Group's reputation, with possible negative effects on the Credem Group's capital and 
financial condition. 
Reduced interest rate margin 
For several years now, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by increasing competition which, together 
with the level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference between borrowing and lending rates, 
and has made it difficult for banks to maintain positive growth trends in interest rate margins. In particular, such 
competition has had two main effects: 
(i) 
a progressive reduction in the differential between lending and borrowing interest rates, which may result 
in Credem facing difficulties in maintaining its actual rate of growth in interest rate margin; and 
(ii) 
a progressive reduction in commissions and fees, particularly from dealing on behalf of third parties and 
orders collection, due to competition on prices. 
Both of the above factors may adversely affect Credem's financial condition and results of operations. In addition, 
downturns in the Italian economy could cause pressure on the competition through, for example, increased price 
pressure and lower business volumes for which to compete. 
Market risk 
The Credem Group is exposed to market risk, being the risk that the value of a financial asset or liability could vary 
because of changes of market factors, such as share prices, interest rates, exchange rates and their volatilities, as 
well as changes in the credit spreads of the relevant issuer. 
To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies used by the Credem Group to hedge or otherwise manage 
its exposure to counterparty or market risk are not effective, the Credem Group may not be able to mitigate 
effectively its risk exposure in particular market environments or against particular types of risk. The Credem 
Group's trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon its ability to identify properly, and mark to market, 
changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or interest rates. The Credem 
Group's financial results also depend upon how effectively it determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages 
its own credit risk and market risk concentration. 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
In some of the Credem Group's businesses, i.e., the Credem Group's securities trading activities and its asset 
management services, as well as its investments in and sales of products linked to the performance of financial 
assets (the "Credem Group Activities"), protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of asset 
prices, can reduce market activity and market liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the 
Credem Group cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely way. This may especially be the case for assets 
that do not benefit from a liquid market. The value of assets that are not traded on stock exchanges or other public 
trading markets, such as derivatives contracts between banks, may be calculated by the Credem Group using models 
which are not based on publicly quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration of the prices of such assets is difficult 
and failure to do so effectively could lead to unanticipated losses. This, in turn, could adversely affect the operating 
results and financial condition of the Credem Group. In addition, protracted or steep declines in the stock or bond 
markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely affect the Credem Group's Activities.

--- Page 25 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 25 - 
47-41048211 
 
Governmental and central banks' actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient or discontinued 
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators in the industry, the 
increase of risk premiums and the capital requirements demanded by investors, intervention with respect to the 
level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had to be further increased. In many countries, this has been 
achieved through support measures for the financial system and direct intervention by governments in the share 
capital of banks. In order to technically permit such government support, financial institutions are required to pledge 
securities deemed appropriate by different central financial institutions as collateral. 
The unavailability of liquidity through such measures, or the decrease or discontinuation of such measures by 
governments and central authorities could result in increased difficulties in procuring liquidity in the market and/or 
result in higher costs for the procurement of such liquidity, thereby adversely affecting the business, financial 
condition and results of operations of the Credem Group. 
In particular, due to the financial crisis, the ECB has implemented important monetary policy measures, such as the 
targeted longer term refinancing operations (i.e. TLTRO) introduced in 2014, the targeted longer term refinancing 
operations two (TLTRO II) introduced in 2016 and the targeted longer term refinancing operations III (TLTRO III, 
as defined below) announced in 2019. 
It is not possible to predict the duration and the amounts with which these liquidity support operations can be 
repeated in the future. In its meeting held on 27 October 2022, the ECB decided that from 23 November 2022 until 
the maturity date or early repayment date of each outstanding TLTRO III Operations (as defined below), the interest 
rate on TRLTRO III Operations will be indexed to the average applicable key ECB interest rates over this period 
and no more over the entire life of the program tranche. Such a change results in a sharp worsening of the funding 
rate that may materially and adversely impact the liquidity of the participating credit institutions. Although as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus the recalibration of the terms and conditions of the TLTRO III introduced by the ECB 
is not expected to materially affect the liquidity of the Credem Group, some risks may materialise in the horizon, 
depending inter alia on any further decisions the ECB may decide to adopt in this respect. 
As of 30 June 2022, the total debt of the Credem Group with the ECB through TLTRO III amounts to Euro 8.29 
billion. 
The early repayment has not substantially affected the liquidity risk profile of the Credem Group.  
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory framework 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation on the 
solution of the banking crisis 
The Issuers are subject to complex and strict regulations, as well as to the supervisory activity by the relevant 
institutions (in particular, the ECB, the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and IVASS), which are subject to continuous 
updates and practice developments. Furthermore, as a listed bank, Credem is required to comply with further 
provisions issued by CONSOB. 
Any changes made to such rules and regulations and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the 
same by the competent authorities could give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Issuers, with possible 
negative impacts on the operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Issuers. 
Moreover, each of the Issuers and their subsidiaries also face the risk that the relevant supervisory body may find 
that they have failed to comply with applicable regulations and any such regulatory proceeding could result in 
adverse publicity for, or negative perceptions regarding, such supervised entity, which, in turn, could lead to 
reputational damages for the Issuers (and thus for the Credem Financial Conglomerate, as defined below). In 
addition, any significant regulatory actions against a member of the Credem Financial Conglomerate could lead to 
financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines, reprimands or litigations, and, in extreme scenarios, to the suspension 
of operations or even withdrawal of authorization, thus having a material adverse impact on Credem Financial 
Conglomerate's business, results of operations and its financial conditions, which would be reflected in the Credem 
Group's consolidated results.

--- Page 26 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 26 - 
47-41048211 
 
Regulatory framework 
Since January 2014, as a result of the so-called Basel III agreements, the minimum capital requirements were 
significantly strengthen, the leverage degree was restrained and policies and quantitative rules for the mitigation of 
the liquidity risk of the banks were introduced. 
As for the capital requirements, the supervisory provisions currently in force provide for minimum capitalization 
levels. In particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio at least equal to 7% of 
the risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a Total Capital ratio 
equal at least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include the so-called "capital conservation 
buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalization). 
In terms of banking and prudential regulation, Credem is also subject to the BRRD, as amended by the BRRD2 (as 
both defined below), as implemented by the BRRD Implementing Decrees as well as the relevant technical 
standards and guidelines from EU regulatory bodies (i.e. EBA), which, inter alia, provide MREL requirements for 
credit institutions, recovery and resolution mechanisms. 
Should Credem not be able to meet the capital requirements and/or MREL requirements imposed by the applicable 
laws and regulations, it may be required to maintain higher levels of capital, which could potentially impact credit 
ratings, and funding conditions, which could limit Credem's growth opportunities and profitability. 
For a description of the capital requirements applicable to Credem Group, please see "Regulator Aspects – Capital 
Requirements" and "Regulatory Aspects – Banking Reform – Revision to the CRD IV Package". 
For a description of the MREL requirements applicable to Credem Group, please see "Regulatory Aspects – EU 
Recovery and Resolution Directive" and "Regulatory Aspects – Revision to the BRRD framework". 
Credem, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is subject to the direct supervision 
of the ECB and, from 6 October 2017, the Credem Group has been classified by the ECB as a "financial 
conglomerate", within the meaning of the FICOD, controlled by Credem Holding as "parent financial holding 
company in a Member State" for the purpose of the CRD IV Package (the "Credem Financial Conglomerate"). 
Therefore, Credem Holding, although is not part of the Credem Group, is covered by the perimeter of consolidation 
of the Credem Group. As a consequence, Credem Holding is subject to a supplementary supervision level, as laid 
down by the FICOD (as defined below), and thus to more restrictive requirements and measures on capital 
adequacy. 
Following the Supervisory and Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a 
final decision of the capital requirement that Credem must comply on the basis of the consolidated situation of 
Credem Holding. On 14 December 2022, Credem and Credem Holding received the final decision of the ECB 
concerning the capital requirement that Credem has to be meet at a consolidated level ("ECB SREP Decision"), as 
published by the ECB on 8 February 2023. In particular, from 1 January 2023, the Credem Group must respect the 
following capital requirements on a consolidated basis: (i) Common Equity Tier 1 ratio at 7.56%; (ii) Tier 1 ratio at 
9.25%; and (iii) Total Capital ratio at 11.5%. 
Credem must comply with MREL on a consolidated basis, starting from January 2024, with an intermediate binding 
target from 1 January 2022. In particular, Credem must comply with a MREL requirement at a level of 19.45% of 
the Total Risk Exposure Amount (i.e. TREA) – 21.95% including the Combined Buffer Requirement – and of 5.92% 
of Leverage Ratio Exposure (i.e. LRE), with an interim target (informative) at 21.61% of TREA including the 
Combined Buffer Requirement from 1 January 2023. For the purposes of complying with the requirement and the 
calculation of other eligible liabilities issued by Credem, there is currently no subordination requirement in relation 
to the issuance of eligible MREL instruments which are not intended to qualify as capital. 
For a description of the Pillar 2 requirements applicable to Credem Group, please see "Regulatory Aspects – Basel 
III and CRD IV Package" of this Base Prospectus. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Credem's capital measures on the basis of consolidated situation of Credem 
Holding are well above the minimum levels that Credem is required to meet. In particular, at the end of 2022, the 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 13.72%; Tier 1 Capital ratio stood at 14.03% and Total Capital ratio stood at 
16.65%.

--- Page 27 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 27 - 
47-41048211 
 
As for liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator ("Liquidity Coverage Ratio" or 
"LCR"), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer intended to enable a bank to survive for a period of 
thirty days in case of serious market distress and a structural liquidity indicator ("Net Stable Funding Ratio" or 
"NSFR") with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets and liabilities have a 
sustainable maturity structure. 
The Credem Group's liquidity and long-term viability depend on many factors, including its ability to successfully 
raise capital and secure appropriate financing. Despite the overall liquidity situation of the Credem Group is more 
than safe and under constant control, some risks may materialize in the horizon, depending on the economy 
recovery. An important mitigation factor to these risks are the contingency management policies in place in the 
Credem Group system of rules. 
Both indicators of the Credem Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the abovementioned 
provisions of law. 
With regard to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, in light of the low exposure to Russian and Ukrainian counterparties, 
at the end of 2022, there were no significant impacts on the Credem Group's consolidated liquidity position. The 
impacts on Credem Group's financial results as at 30 June 2022 derive from the negative trend of the financial 
markets which have been affected by the situation of instability. The decrease in capitalization consequently 
determined a modest impact on fee and commission income, which continues to benefit from the important initial 
stock of assets under management. With regard to asset quality, since the beginning of the conflict, the Credem 
Group has increased its supervision through customer segmentation mechanisms and the relative levels of risk in 
relation to the greater exposure in the sectors most directly affected or most exposed to geopolitical risks or impacted 
by the increase in the prices of raw materials. 
Furthermore, the Banking Reform Package (as defined below) introduced the financial Leverage Ratio, which 
measures the coverage degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total exposure of the Credem Group. Such index 
is calculated by considering the assets and exposures out of the budget. The objective of the indicator is to contain 
the degree of indebtedness in the balance sheets of banks. The ratio is subject to a minimum regulatory limit of 3%. 
Depending on the outcomes of the legislative process underway in Europe, Credem might be compelled to adapt to 
changes in the regulations (and in their construction and/or implementation procedures adopted by the supervisory 
authorities), with potential adverse effects on its assets, liabilities and financial situation. In particular, investors 
should consider that supervisory authorities may impose further requirements and/or parameters for the purpose of 
calculating capital adequacy requirements or may adopt interpretation approaches of the legislation governing 
prudential fund requirements unfavourable to Credem, with the consequent inability of Credem to comply with the 
requirements imposed and with a potential negative impact, even material, on the business and capital, economic 
and financial conditions. 
In light of this, Credem has in place specific procedures and internal policies - in accordance with the regulatory 
frameworks defined by domestic and European supervisory authorities and consistent with the regulatory 
framework being implemented at the European Union level - to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and 
capital adequacy. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no assurance that violations 
of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect Credem's results of operations, business and financial 
condition. In particular, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Banking Reform Package (as defined below) has 
been recently implemented in Italy and there is uncertainty as to its implementation and interpretation, and it is not 
yet clear what impact the changes introduced by the Banking Reform Package (as defined below) will have on 
Credem's operations. Moreover, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy's authority to introduce a 
systemic risk buffer and borrower based measures has recently been introduced into the Circular No. 285 (as defined 
below) and there is uncertainty as to how (and if) the Italian regulator would exercise such authority. Therefore, it 
is not yet clear what impact these regulatory changes will have on Credem's operations. Finally, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the 2021 Reform Package (as defined below) has recently been proposed by the European 
Commission and there is uncertainty as to adoption and implementation, and it is not yet clear how and to what 
extent this legislative proposal may impact on Credem's operations. 
For a description of the Banking Reform Package applicable to Credem Group, please see "Regulatory Aspects – 
Banking Reform - Revision to the CRD IV Package". 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of the

--- Page 28 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 28 - 
47-41048211 
 
European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so-called 
"SRMR"), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of Credem and the 
Credem Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that shall be 
provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Investors should also consider that it cannot be excluded that in the future Credem may be required, in particular in 
light of external factors and unforeseeable events outside its control and/or after further requests by the supervisory 
authority, to implement capital enhancement interventions; there is also a risk that Credem may not be able to 
achieve and/or maintain (both at individual and consolidated level) the minimum capital requirements provided for 
by the legislation in force from time to time or established from time to time by the supervisory authority in the 
times prescribed therein, with potential material negative impact on its business and capital, economic and financial 
condition. 
In these circumstances, it cannot be excluded that Credem may be subject to extraordinary actions and/or measures 
by competent authorities, which may include, inter alia, the application of the resolution tools as per the BRRD 
Implementing Decrees. In particular, the impact of the resolution tools provided for by the BRRD Implementing 
Decrees on the rights of the Noteholders are further described in the section "Regulatory Aspects". In this respect, 
please see "Regulatory Aspects - The EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" and see "Regulatory Aspects – 
Revision to the BRRD framework" of this Base Prospectus. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the "SSM 
Regulation") in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory Mechanism" or 
"SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over 
"banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone. 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value 
of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total 
assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit 
institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the 
European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of 
significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State 
and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each 
national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution 
significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. Credem has been classified 
as a significant supervised entity within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 
establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the ECB and each 
national competent authority and with national designated authorities (the "SSM Framework Regulation") and, 
as such, is subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by the 
SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. 
For further details, please see "ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism" under section "Regulatory Aspects" of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Risks connected with the regulatory framework applicable to financial conglomerate 
As of 6 October 2017, Credem Holding qualifies as the "EU Parent Financial Holding" of the Credem Financial 
Conglomerate and thus is covered by the perimeter of consolidation of the Credem Group. 
For more information on the Credem Financial Conglomerate, please see "Regulatory Aspects – Introduction"; 
"Regulatory Aspects – Basel III and CRD IV Package" and "Regulatory Aspects – the FICOD" of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Since Credem Holding has been classified as "EU Parent Financial Holding" controlling a banking group, although 
not being part of the Credem Group, Credem Holding is subject to the BRRD, as implemented in Italy by Legislative 
Decrees no. 180 and 181 of 16 November 2015, as subsequently amended (the "BRRD Implementing Decrees") 
and as amended by the BRRD2, as well as the relevant technical standards and guidelines from EU regulatory

--- Page 29 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 29 - 
47-41048211 
 
bodies (i.e. European Banking Authority, "EBA"), setting forth inter alia provisions relating to capital Minimum 
Requirement for Own Fund and Eligible Liabilities ("MREL") requirements for credit institutions, recovery and 
resolution mechanisms. 
Therefore, should Credem Holding be considered as failing or likely to fail, the relevant resolution authority may 
use the resolution tools provided for by the BRRD against Credem Holding, including but not limited to the General 
Bail-In Tool (as defined below) and the power to amend or alter the maturity of the debt instruments issued by 
Credem Holding, such as the Notes. 
The exercise of the General Bail-In Tool, or any other power under the BRRD or any suggestion or perceived 
suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affects the rights of the holders of the Notes 
issued by Credem Holding, the price or value of their investment in any such Notes and the ability of Credem 
Holding to satisfy its obligations under such Notes. For more information on the banking prudential requirements 
laid down by the BRRD, please see the sections headed "Regulatory Aspects – EU Recovery and Resolution 
Directive"; "Regulatory Aspects – Revisions to the BRRD framework". 
In this respect, it shall be noted that, as of 1 February 2023, Credem Holding holds 76.83% of the share capital of 
Credem, which is the parent company of the Credem Group. Credem Holding is not part of the Credem Group. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, according to the latest resolution plan adopted by the SRB for Credem Group, 
the key elements of which have communicated to Credem, the preferred resolution strategy of the SRB, in case of 
exercise of any bail-in power, designates Credem as the single point of entry. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the preferred resolution strategy of the Credem 
Group, as established by the SRB, will not be subject to material change in the future. Therefore, no assurance can 
be provided that Credem Holding will not be subject to one or more resolution tools or powers pursuant to the 
BRRD in the future. 
Should Credem Holding not be able to meet the capital requirements and/or MREL requirements imposed by the 
applicable laws and regulations, it may be required to maintain higher levels of capital, which could potentially 
impact credit ratings and funding conditions and which could limit Credem Holding's growth opportunities and 
profitability. 
The capital requirements that Credem Holding has to be met, as being covered by the perimeter of consolidation of 
the Credem Group, are set out by the ECB SREP Decision (as defined below). For more information on the capital 
requirements Credem Holding shall comply with, please see "Regulatory framework". 
For a description of the capital requirements applicable to Credem Group, please see "Regulator Aspects – Capital 
Requirements" and "Regulatory Aspects – Banking Reform – Revision to the CRD IV Package". 
For a description of the MREL requirements applicable to Credem Group, please see "Regulatory Aspects – EU 
Recovery and Resolution Directive" and "Regulatory Aspects – Revision to the BRRD framework". 
Risks relating to the entry into force of new accounting principles and the amendment of the applied 
accounting principles 
Following the entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting standards, regulatory rules and/or the 
amendment of existing standards and rules, Credem Holding and the Credem Group may have to revise the 
accounting and regulatory treatment of certain outstanding assets and liabilities (e.g. deferred tax assets) and 
transactions (and the related income and expense). 
In this regard, an important change occurred with the introduction on 1 January 2018 of IFRS 9 "Financial 
Instruments" that, following the entry into force on 19 December 2016 of Regulation (EU) 2016/2067, replaced 
IAS 39 "Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement". In particular, IFRS 9 introduced: 
• 
significant changes to the rules related to the classification and measurement of financial assets that are 
based on the management method ("business model") and on the characteristics of the cash flows of the 
financial instrument (SPPI criterion—Solely Payments of Principal and Interests) which could involve 
different classification and measurement methods for financial instruments compared with IAS 39; 
• 
new impairment accounting model based on a "forward looking expected losses" impairment model rather

--- Page 30 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 30 - 
47-41048211 
 
than an incurred losses approach as in IAS 39 (calculated over a 12-month time horizon) and on the concept 
of a lifetime expected loss which could lead to a structural anticipation and increase of the value 
adjustments, particularly those on receivables; 
• 
a "three stage impairment model" for impairment based on changes in credit risk of a financial asset since 
its initial recognition. These three stages then determine the amount of impairment to be recognized as 
expected credit losses: 
(i) 
in Stage 1 are allocated financial instruments (performing) that have not had a significant increase 
in credit risk since initial recognition or that have low credit risk at the reporting date. For these 
instruments 12-month expected credit losses ("ECL") are calculated; 
(ii) 
Stage 2 includes financial instruments that have had a significant increase in credit risk since 
initial recognition (unless they have low credit risk at the reporting date) without objective 
evidence of impairment. For these financial instruments, lifetime ECL are calculated; and 
(iii) 
in Stage 3, financial assets with objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date are 
allocated. Lifetime ECL is also recognized for these instruments; and 
• 
new rules for the designation of a hedge account and for checking its effectiveness with the aim of 
guaranteeing a better alignment between the accounting representation of the hedging and the underlying 
management logics. 
Consistent with the choices made regarding IFRS 9, Credem Holding and the Credem Group opted to recognise the 
possible impacts of the application of the standard retrospectively. The Credem Group's financial statements as of 
30 June 2018 were the first accounting report prepared in compliance with IFRS 9 and therefore such interim 
financial statements reflect the qualitative and quantitative disclosures relating to the transition to IFRS 9 with 
particular regard to the overall impacts defined on First Time Application ("FTA"). 
Lastly, accounting standard IFRS 16 (Leases), published by the IASB on 13 January 2016 and endorsed by the 
European Commission on 9 November 2017, superseded accounting standard IAS 17 (Leases) on 1 January 2019. 
Specifically, the new standard introduces new accounting rules for leasing contracts for the lessees (i.e. the users of 
the goods under a contract for lease). These rules are based on the definition of "lease" as a contract in which the 
right to control the use of an identified asset is granted for a specified period of time, in exchange for payment. 
As a result of this definition, the lessee must recognise the right-of-use of the underlying asset as an asset on the 
balance sheet, and that asset will subsequently be subject to depreciation; the lessee must then also recognise the 
present value of lease payments (to be made over the full lifetime of the contract) as a liability. 
Credem Holding and the Credem Group have conducted an analysis of new key elements introduced by the standard 
and have conducted with a detailed analysis of the contracts stipulated as lessor/lessee, which could constitute a 
"Lease", according to the provisions of IFRS 16, followed by a subsequent design and implementation phase, to be 
completed by the end of the financial year 2018, in order to be compliant with the new standard starting from 1 
January 2019. The quantitative impact related to the first adoption of IFRS 16 has been disclosed in each financial 
report published so far. Starting from 2020, all financial figures contained in financial reports already include 
IFRS16 impacts. 
In addition, it should be noted that the European Commission endorsed the following accounting principles and 
interpretations that are applicable starting from 2018 financial statements: 
• 
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1987 which adopts amendments to IFRS 15 "Revenue from contracts with 
customers – Clarifications of IFRS 15"; 
• 
Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1988 which adopts amendments to IFRS 4 "Joint application of IFRS 9 Financial 
Instruments" and IFRS 4 "Insurance Contracts". 
• 
Regulation (EU) No. 2018/182 which adopts the "Annual improvements to IFRS Standards 2014-2016 
Cycle"; 
• 
Regulation (EU) No. 2018/289 which adopts the "Amendment to IFRS 2: Classification and Measurement 
of Share-based Payment Transactions";

--- Page 31 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 31 - 
47-41048211 
 
• 
Regulation (EU) No. 2018/400 which adopts the "Amendment to IAS 40: Transfers of Investment Property"; 
and 
• 
Regulation No. 2018/519 which adopts "IFRIC 22: Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance 
Consideration". 
All the above mentioned changes may have potentially negative effects, also significant, on the estimates contained 
in the financial plans for future years and may cause Credem Holding and Credem Group to have to restate 
previously published financials. 
RISKS FACTORS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
There is no active trading market for the Notes; 
• 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
• 
Risks related to Notes generally; 
• 
Risks related to the market generally. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their 
initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, 
the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuers. Although 
applications have been made to the Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on its regulated market, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that 
any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there 
is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Notes, being events upon which the Noteholders may declare the Notes to be 
immediately due and repayable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuers become subject to compulsory 
winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking 
Act (as amended from time to time) as set out in Condition 13 (Events of Default). Accordingly, other than following 
the occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuers fail to meet any of their obligations under the Notes, 
including the payment of any interest, the Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration of principal and the 
sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the 
institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuers will not, by virtue 
of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise 
have been payable by it. Furthermore, investors should consider that the terms and conditions of the Notes do not 
provide for negative pledge provisions. 
Bail-in Powers and contractual recognition of the BRRD 
Under the BRRD framework the Relevant Authorities have the power to apply "resolution" tools if the Issuers are 
failing or likely to fail, as an alternative to compulsory liquidation proceedings. Specifically, these tools are: (1) the 
sale of business assets or shares of the Issuers; (2) the establishment of a bridging organization; (3) the separation 
of the unimpaired assets of the Issuers from those which are deteriorated or impaired; and (4) a bail-in, through 
write-down/conversion into equity of regulatory capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) as well as 
other liabilities of the Issuers (including the Senior Notes) if the relevant conditions are satisfied and in accordance 
with the creditors' hierarchy provided under the relevant provisions of Italian law.

--- Page 32 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 32 - 
47-41048211 
 
Furthermore, Article 33a of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure in 
an early stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period. Any 
suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance of 
agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. The 
exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
holders of securities issued by the Issuers, the price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the 
ability of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security. 
In particular, by its acquisition of a Note (whether on issuance or in the secondary market), each holder of the Notes 
acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be bound by and consents to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by a Relevant 
Authority that may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes 
and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes into equity or other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuers or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the 
Notes, in each case to give effect to the exercise by a Relevant Authority of such Bail-in Power. Each holder of the 
Notes acknowledges, accepts and agrees that its rights as a holder of the Notes are subject to, and will be varied, if 
necessary, so as to give effect to, the exercise of any such power by any Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of any Bail-in Power, which could result in the Notes issued by both Credem and Credem Holding 
being written down or converted into equity pursuant to such statutory measures, or any suggestion of such exercise 
could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in 
the Notes, the ability of the Issuers to satisfy their obligations under the Notes, and may have a negative impact on 
the market value of the Notes. Please refer to the risk factor "Risks related to the bail-in". 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 4(a) (Status - Senior Notes) with respect to Senior Notes, Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Condition 4(c) (Status - Subordinated Notes) 
with respect to Subordinated Notes, each holder of a Note will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of 
set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Note. As a result of the foregoing the Noteholders may not be able to set-off any 
payment due to the Issuer. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denominations may be unable to sell their Notes and may be 
adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
Subject to any minimum denomination applicable to Notes, in relation to any Notes issued in denominations 
representing the aggregate of (i) a minimum Specified Denomination of €100,000 (or €150,000, or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or €200,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, plus (ii) integral multiples of another smaller amount, Notes may be traded in amounts which, 
although greater than €100,000 (or €150,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law 
from time to time, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000, or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time, in the case of Subordinated Notes) (or its equivalent in another 
currency), are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or €150,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by 
applicable law from time to time, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000, or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time, in the case of Subordinated Notes) (or its equivalent 
in another currency). In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount 
of less than €100,000 (or €150,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to 
time, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by 
applicable law from time to time, in the case of Subordinated Notes) would not be able to sell the remainder of such 
holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the relevant minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a Noteholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the relevant minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess 
of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 33 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 33 - 
47-41048211 
 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme is the agent of the Issuers and not the agent of the 
Noteholders. Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders 
(including where a Dealer acts as a Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and 
judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable 
by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such "benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to 
the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the 
EU. 
The Benchmark Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. Similarly, 
it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by 
Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including 
bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial 
system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR 
fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
For example, the terms and conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event occurs, including if a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, and any page on which such benchmark may 
be published (or any successor service) becomes unavailable, or if the Issuers, the Calculation Agent, any Paying 
Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under 
the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest 
could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate, with or without an adjustment spread and may 
include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or 
replacement benchmark, all as determined by an independent adviser or the Issuers. An adjustment spread, if applied 
could be positive or negative or zero and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of a benchmark. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment 
spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to investors. If no adjustment spread can be determined, a successor rate or alternative rate may 
nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. The use of a successor rate or alternative rate (including with 
the application of an adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark

--- Page 34 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 34 - 
47-41048211 
 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the benchmark 
were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuers are unable to appoint an independent adviser or the 
independent adviser appointed by it fails to determine a successor rate or an alternative rate, or, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, if this provision would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event, the ultimate fallback for 
the purposes of calculation of the rate of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period may result in the 
rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor 
rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an independent adviser, there is a risk that the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Any such consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant 
change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuers to meet their 
obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) or could have a material adverse effect on 
the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable). 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable). 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on 
certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
"benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmarks" and/or (iii) leading to 
the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
"benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national and the possible application of the 
benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment 
decision with respect to the Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds", "Sustainability Bonds" or "Climate Bonds" may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus as the case may be), the Issuers may issue 
Notes under the Programme described as "green bonds" ("Green Bonds"), "climate bonds" ("Climate Bonds"), 
"social bonds" ("Social Bonds"), "sustainability bonds" ("Sustainability Bonds") in accordance with the principles 
set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond Principles 
("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")), or in accordance 
with the Climate Bonds Standard set out by the Climate Bonds Initiative. 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the Offer, 
estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Term (or the Drawdown Prospectus as the case 
may be) and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in 
the Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of 
that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuers or the Dealers 
that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any green project or social project or combination of any green and 
social project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations (including, 
amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
(the "EU Taxonomy Regulation")) and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate 
change adaptation and mitigation objectives (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts") approved in 
principle by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021 (the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, jointly, the ("EU Taxonomy Framework")) or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the

--- Page 35 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 35 - 
47-41048211 
 
relevant Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects). On 9 December 2021, a 
first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change mitigation and adaptation objectives of the EU 
Taxonomy ("Climate Delegated Act") was published in the Official Journal and is applicable from 1 January 2022. 
With respect to the remaining environmental objectives, a second delegated act is expected to be published in 2023. 
On 6 July 2021 the European Commission adopted the delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation which was then published in the Official Journal on 10 December 2021 and is applicable since January 
2022. This delegated act specifies the content, methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by 
financial and non-financial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable economic 
activities in their business, investments or lending activities. On 9 March 2022, the European Commission adopted 
a complementary climate delegated act including, under strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities 
in the list of economic activities covered by the EU taxonomy. It was published in the Official Journal on 15 July 
2022 and will apply as of January 2023. The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear activities are in line with EU 
climate and environmental objectives and will help accelerate the shift from solid or liquid fossil fuels, including 
coal, towards a climate-neutral future. 
On 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published its final report on a 
future European standard for green bonds (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). In the context of the public 
consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the European Commission launched a targeted 
consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and consults on the work of the 
Commission Technical Expert Group and has run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the 
European Commission published the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed the intention to 
deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission 
officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) 
allocation of the funds raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with the EU Taxonomy (as defined 
below); (ii) full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities 
to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and subject to 
its supervision. The Notes issued, as Green Bonds, under this Programme may not at any time be eligible for the 
Issuer to be entitled to use the designation of "European Green Bond" or "EuGB" nor is the Issuer under any 
obligation to take steps to have any such green bonds become eligible for such designation. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" or a "sustainable" 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "social" or 
"sustainable" or such other equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is nevertheless subject to further 
developments. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social project, as the case 
may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied will meet the investor expectations regarding such 
"green" or "social" performance objectives (including those set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or that any 
adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any green or 
social or combination of any green and social project. The Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base 
Prospectus. A withdrawal of the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework may affect the value of 
such Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds 
and Sustainability Bonds, the Issuers may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to 
issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or low carbon and/or social and/or combination 
of any green and social project, as the case may be have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation 
of eligibility for green, social and combination of any green and social projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the 
SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain 
environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, a "Second-party Opinion"). A 
Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional 
risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or 
refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold the relevant Green Bonds or Climate Bonds or Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be 
current as of the date it is released. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party 
Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be

--- Page 36 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 36 - 
47-41048211 
 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may 
affect the value of such Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. No 
representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any Second-party Opinion or certification 
of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds", 
"Sustainability Bonds" or "Climate Bonds". For the avoidance of doubt, any such Second-party Opinion or 
certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such Second-party Opinion or certification is not a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes 
and is current only as of the date it was issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of any such 
Second-party Opinion and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Second-party Opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or 
other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given 
by the Issuers, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies any present or 
future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuers, the Arrangers, the 
Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuers to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social Bonds, Green Bonds, 
Climate Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the green, low carbon, social or combination of any green and social projects (either 
resulting from the original application of the proceeds of the Notes or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), 
as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance 
that such green, low carbon, social or combination of any green and social projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuers, or that 
the originally designated green, low carbon, social or combination of any green and social project (or any project(s) 
resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Climate 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be disqualified as such. Any such event or failure by the 
Issuers (including any failure to comply with their reporting obligations or to obtain any assessment, opinion or 
certification, including the Second-party Opinion in relation to Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds) and any actual or potential maturity mismatch between the green, social or sustainable asset(s) 
towards which proceeds of the Notes may have been applied and the relevant Notes, will not: (i) give rise to any 
claim of a Noteholder against the Issuers; (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to 
an obligation of the Issuers to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuers in determining whether or 
not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as 
strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello, Tier 2 Capital or as eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable) 
or impact any of the features of such Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, 
permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments; (v) have any impact on the status of the Notes as 
indicated in Condition 4; or (vi) prevent the applicability of the Bail-in Power (or any other provision of the 
Applicable Banking Regulations). 
The performance of any Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds is not linked to the 
performance of the relevant Eligible Projects or the performance of the Issuers in respect of any environmental or 
similar targets. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by each Issuer from its capital 
and other assets and payments of principal and interest and the operation of any other features (as the case may be) 
on the relevant Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred or any other right against the green, social or sustainable 
assets towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied. 
Regardless of their "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label, Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility 
criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments (including the application of 
mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is initiated in respect of the Group

--- Page 37 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 37 - 
47-41048211 
 
(including the Issuers) and, with respect to Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Capital, even before the commencement of 
any such procedure if certain conditions are met), the Notes (or the proceeds thereof) will be available to absorb all 
losses (whether or not related to any green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the relevant 
Notes may have been applied or, if relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the 
Applicable Banking Regulations and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of each Issuer. The fact 
that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does not 
provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes and such Notes will be subject to the same risks 
relating to their level of subordination and the enforcement rights of the holders of the Notes will be equally 
extremely limited. 
Any event described above or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Notes for any green, social or 
combination of any green and social projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. Any failure by the Issuers to comply with their reporting obligations 
in relation to Green Bonds, Climate Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as applicable, will not constitute 
an Event of Default under the relevant Notes. 
If the Issuers have the right to redeem any Notes at their option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuers 
may elect to redeem Notes or is perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. The Issuers may redeem Notes when their cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Inflation-Linked Notes are subject to a number of specific risks due to their link to an underlying index 
Each Issuers may issue Notes with principal and/or interest determined by reference to an index or formula or to 
changes in the prices of securities or commodities (each a "relevant factor"). In addition, each Issuer may issue 
Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in 
which the Notes are denominated. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
the relevant factors may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a relevant factor is applied to the Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains any 
other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant factor on principal or interest payable is likely 
to be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level 
is consistent with their expectations. 
The historical experience of an index or other relevant factor should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such relevant factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor should 
consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked to a relevant 
factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances.

--- Page 38 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 38 - 
47-41048211 
 
If the Issuers have the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuers may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. That Issuers ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since that Issuers may be expected to convert the rate when it 
is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuers convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than 
the rates on other Notes. If the Issuers convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
then prevailing rates on their Notes. 
To the extent that Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the determination of the Interest 
Rate for the Floating Rate Notes, investors should be aware that any fluctuation of the underlying floating rate will 
be amplified by such multiplier. Where the Multiplier is less than 1, this may adversely affect the return on the 
Floating Rate Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest payment 
on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and 
each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap 
Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest"). The 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the 
Reset Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes 
in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to Senior Notes 
Senior Notes could be subject to redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation 
to any Series of Senior Notes, the Issuers may redeem all, but not some only, the Notes of such Series at the Early 
Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with any outstanding interest. Senior Notes may 
only be redeemed by the Issuers subject to compliance by the Issuers with any conditions or restrictions to such 
redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the relevant time. See "Early 
redemption and purchase of the Senior Preferred Notes may be restricted", below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or a change 
in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuers at the Issue Date of the Senior 
Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes are or will be excluded 
fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
If the Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the 
amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the 
Senior Notes. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes may be restricted

--- Page 39 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 39 - 
47-41048211 
 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuers with any conditions or 
restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the relevant time, 
including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior 
Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In addition, pursuant to the EU Banking Reform, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes is subject to the 
prior approval of the Relevant Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Relevant Authority would approve an early redemption of the Senior Notes 
in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event either of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuers replace the Senior 
Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuers have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the 
Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuers have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Senior Notes may be subject to modification without the Noteholder consent 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Senior Notes and/or in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power) with 
respect to Senior Notes, then the Issuers may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving 
consent from the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
Senior Notes of that Series), at any time vary the terms of such Senior Notes, so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Senior Notes (as defined below), provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any 
right of the Issuers to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes are securities issued by the Issuers that have terms not materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuers, than the terms of the relevant Senior Notes. However, no 
assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. However, 
in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power) with respect 
to Senior Notes, the Qualifying Senior Notes may have terms materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior 
Notes, including but not limited to a change in governing law and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process 
provisions. Additionally, there may be material tax consequences for holders of Senior Notes as a result of such 
modification, and holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Risks relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Italian law applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was recently enacted 
On 1 January 2018, the Italian law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 (the "2018 Budget Law") came into force 
introducing certain amendments to the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Consolidated 
Banking Act"), including the possibility for banks and companies belonging to banking groups to issue "strumenti 
di debito chirografario di secondo livello" (i.e., senior non-preferred securities) which are the senior securities 
ranking junior to certain senior preferred obligations, as described in more detail below. 
In particular, the 2018 Budget Law set forth certain requirements for notes to qualify as senior non-preferred 
securities:

--- Page 40 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 40 - 
47-41048211 
 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least equal to twelve months; 
(ii) 
are not derivative securities or linked to derivative securities, nor include any feature of such derivative 
securities; 
(iii) 
the minimum denomination is at least equal to €150,000 (or such other minimum denomination provided 
by applicable law from time to time); and 
(iv) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred securities expressly 
provide that payment of interests and reimbursement of principal due in respect thereof are subject to the 
provisions set forth in of Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
According to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, in case an Issuer of senior non-
preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or voluntary 
liquidation (liquidazione volontaria), the relevant payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right of 
payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors) including claims arising from the excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior 
or senior to such senior non-preferred securities and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to 
such senior non-preferred securities and the claims of the shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act also provides that: 
(i) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act shall 
apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described in 
Paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does not 
comply with any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the invalidity of 
the entire agreement; 
(ii) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the requirements 
described in Paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above are not complied with and that any different contractual 
provision is null and void; and 
(iii) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of the 
issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that the provisions of Articles 12-bis 
and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act was recently enacted and that, as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian court or 
governmental or regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
Consequently, it is possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating to the above will be issued in the 
future by the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
In order to be eligible to meet the requirements and conditions of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis 
of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as 
defined in the Conditions), Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be higher than the risk 
associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Notes) and other senior liabilities (such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Notes which are 
not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors

--- Page 41 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 41 - 
47-41048211 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment for 
certain investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should determine the suitability of such 
investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks 
of an investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including the possibility that the entire principal amount of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, and the impact of this investment on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments 
Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated with 
senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities 
may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit 
ratings and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than those 
expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, investors may incur losses 
in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Qualification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello" 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead 
regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is Issuer's expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti di debito chirografario 
di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by 
any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined 
in the Conditions) there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject to redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation 
to any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuers may redeem all, but not some only, the Notes of such 
Series at the Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with any outstanding interest. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuers subject to compliance by the Issuers with any 
conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the 
relevant time. See "Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted", below. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or a change 
in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuers at the Issue Date of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements. 
If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able 
to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their 
investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuers with any 
conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the

--- Page 42 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 42 - 
47-41048211 
 
relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of 
such Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In addition, pursuant to the EU Banking Reform, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
is subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Relevant Authority would approve an early redemption of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event either of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuers replace the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuers have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the 
Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuers have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to modification without the Noteholder consent 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in 
Power), then the Issuers may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving consent from the 
Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes of that Series), at any time vary the terms of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined below), provided that such variation does 
not itself give rise to any right of the Issuers to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes are securities issued by the Issuers that have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuers, than the terms of the relevant Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any 
particular Noteholder. However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power), the Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have terms materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including but not limited to a change in governing law 
and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process provisions. Additionally, there may be material tax consequences 
for holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as a result of such modification, and holders should consult their own 
tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Risks related to the Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations 
If the Issuers are declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated or in the event that the Issuers become subject to 
an order for Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, as defined in the Consolidated Banking Act, they will be required 
to pay the holders of senior debt and meet their obligations to all their other creditors (including unsecured creditors) 
in full before it can make any payments on Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuers may not have enough 
assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under such Notes. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial 
stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools.

--- Page 43 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 43 - 
47-41048211 
 
These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial 
support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and 
the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support 
to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities 
provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; 
or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary 
recapitalisation EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of the 
Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to Common Equity 
Tier 1 instruments of the Issuers or one of the Group's entities or another institution. Accordingly, trading behaviour 
may also be affected by the threat that non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to 
Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD may be 
applied and, as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour associated 
with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose all of their investment, 
including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-in 
tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and 
the BRRD are applied or that such Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary shares 
may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing Directive 879/2019/EU ("BRRD II") in 
Italy and published on 30 November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed in the Italian legislation Article 
48(7) of BRRD II under Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-ter of the Consolidated Banking Law. Such provisions 
state that (i) if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated 
in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result 
from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as own funds item, it would cease to be treated 
as a claim resulting from an own funds item in insolvency and, consequently, would improve their ranking with 
respect to any claim that results from an own funds item (such as the Subordinated Notes). 
In light of this new provision, if the Tier 2 Instruments were to be disqualified in full as own funds items in the 
future: (a) their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Subordinated Notes; and (b) in the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuers, the Issuers would, inter alia, be required to pay the holders of the Notes 
and any other subordinated creditors of the Issuers whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer fully 
recognised as an own funds instrument, in full before it can make any payments on any other Subordinated Notes 
which are still recognised (at least in part) as own funds instruments. 
For a full description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 4(c) (Status – Subordinated 
Notes). 
Regulatory classification of the Notes 
The intention of the Issuers is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as "Tier 2 Capital", for regulatory capital 
purposes. 
Although it is Issuers' expectation that the Notes qualify as "Tier 2 Capital", there can be no representation that this 
is or will remain the case during the life of the Notes or that the Notes will be grandfathered under the 
implementation of future EU capital requirement regulations. If the Notes are not grandfathered, or for any other 
reason cease to qualify, as "Tier 2 Capital", the Issuers will (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the 
right to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(g) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)), subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. There can be no assurance that 
holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the 
same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be, see "Early Redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes". 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-tool or at the point 
of non-viability of the Issuers 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD contemplates that Subordinated 
Notes may be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability. The BRRD 
is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered

--- Page 44 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 44 - 
47-41048211 
 
to be at risk of failing. The implementation of the BRRD or the taking of any action under it could materially affect 
the value of any Subordinated Notes. Additionally, there may be material tax consequences for holders of 
Subordinated Notes as a result of such write-down or conversion, and holders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding such potential consequences. 
Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
The rules under the CRR prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the Relevant Authority to a 
request by the Issuers to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes. In this respect, the CRR provides that the 
Relevant Authority shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes in accordance 
with Article 78 of the CRR provided that either of the following conditions is met, as applicable to the Notes: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuers replace the Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for their income 
capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuers have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that their Own Funds would, 
following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRR provide that the Relevant Authority may only permit the Issuers to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the Notes if and to the extent required under Article 
78(4) of the CRR or the related implementing regulations, policies and guidelines: 
(i) 
the conditions listed in Paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuers have 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment 
of the Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(iii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory 
reasons), the Issuers have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(iv) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuers replace the Notes with 
Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for their income capacity 
and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(v) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent 
If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power), then the Issuers may, subject to giving any notice required 
to, and receiving consent from the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of Subordinated Notes of that Series), vary the terms of such Subordinated Notes, so that they become or 
remain Qualifying Subordinated Securities provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the 
Issuers to redeem the varied securities. The Relevant Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve 
any variation of the Subordinated Notes. Any such variation which is considered by the Relevant Authority to be 
material shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the Subordinated Notes, as so varied, 
must be eligible as Tier 2 Capital in accordance with then prevailing Applicable Banking Regulations, which may 
include a requirement that (save in certain prescribed circumstances) the Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed 
or repurchased prior to five years after the effective date of such variation.

--- Page 45 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 45 - 
47-41048211 
 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities are securities issued directly by the Issuers that have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuers, than the terms of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-
in Power), the Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as defined below) may have terms materially less favourable to 
a holder of the Subordinated Notes, including but not limited to a change in governing law and/or to the jurisdiction 
and service of process provisions. Additionally, there may be material tax consequences for holders of Subordinated 
Notes as a result of such modification, and holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential 
consequences. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and Notes issued under the Programme may also be admitted 
to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system (each, a 
"listing"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts 
of the Issuers to maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result 
of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the 
secondary market. 
Modification and waivers 
The Agency Agreement and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The conditions of the Notes also provide that the parties to the 
Agency Agreement may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to any modification of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, or that is made to correct a manifest error or that is, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer, not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver in relation to Credem) or Condition 18 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
in relation to Credem Holding). 
Change of law 
The conditions are governed by Italian law in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to applicable law or administrative practice after 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Notes 
The Terms and Conditions are governed by Italian law and Condition 22 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) provides 
that contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, Italian Law. The Global Notes representing the Notes provide that all contractual 
and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Global Notes representing the Notes are 
governed by Italian law, save for the form and transferability of the Global Notes which are governed by English 
law. Furthermore, Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN or NGN form, 
as the case may be, representing the Notes are signed by the Issuers in the United Kingdom and, thereafter, delivered 
to Citibank N.A Europe plc as initial Fiscal Agent, being the entity in charge for, inter alia, completing, 
authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Notes and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) 
authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes, hence the Notes would be deemed to be issued in England according 
to Italian law. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (regarding the Italian international private law rules) 
provides that "other debt securities (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was 
issued".

--- Page 46 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 46 - 
47-41048211 
 
In light of the above, the Issuers cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable 
to the Terms and Conditions and the Global Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and circulation for any 
prospective investors in the Notes and any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of 
ownership in the Notes. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors who hold 
Notes through interests in the Global Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuers 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will be 
deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to 
receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are represented by 
one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge their payment obligations under the Notes once the paying agent 
has paid Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuers have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global 
Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to 
act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate 
proxies. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. In addition, Notes issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market 
and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices 
of such Notes may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at 
any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific 
reasons. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuers make large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuers will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks

--- Page 47 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 47 - 
47-41048211 
 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended). Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 48 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 48 - 
47-41048211 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated by reference in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Credem as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing Article 9 of 
Legislative decree no. 38/05 and Article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and independent auditors' report (the "Credem 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements"), which can be found on the website of Credem at the following link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relations/Finan
cials/2020/2020%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements.pdf; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Credem Holding as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2020, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing Article 
9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and independent auditors' report (the "Credem Holding 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements"), which can be found on the website of Credem Holding at the following link: 
https://credemholding.it/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/2020_Financial_Statements_Credemholding-1.pdf; 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Credem as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing Article 9 of 
Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and independent auditors' report (the "Credem 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements"), which can be found on the website of Credem at the following link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relations/Finan
cials/2021/2021%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements.pdf; 
(d) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Credem Holding as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing Article 
9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and independent auditors' report (the "Credem Holding 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements"), which can be found on the website of Credem Holding at the following link: 
https://credemholding.it/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/2021_Financial_Statements.pdf; 
(e) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Credem for the six months ended 30 June 2021, 
prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and together with the accompanying notes and independent auditors' 
report (the "Credem 1H21 Financial Statements"), which can be found on the website of Credem at the 
following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relations/Finan
cials/2021/Semestrale%20al%2030%2006%202021_ENG%20def.pdf; 
(f) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Credem for the six months ended 30 June 2022, 
prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and together with the accompanying notes and independent auditors' 
report (the "Credem 1H22 Financial Statements"), which can be found on the website of Credem at the 
following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relations/Finan
cials/2022/1H22%20Financial%20Report.pdf; 
(g) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Credem as at 30 September 2022, which can be found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Credem 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relations/Finan
cials/2022/ADDITIONAL%20PERIODIC%20FINANCIAL%20DISCLOSURE%2009-2022.pdf 
(the 
"Credem 3Q22 Financial Statements"); 
(h) 
the press release dated 10 November 2022 of consolidated financial results of Credem Holding as at 30 
September 2022, which can be found on the website of Credem Holding at the following link: 
https://credemholding.it/wp-

--- Page 49 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 49 - 
47-41048211 
 
content/uploads/2022/12/CREDEMHOLDING__9M22_results_approved._Net_income_at_E172_millio
n-2.pdf (the "Press Release of Credem Holding 9M22 Financial Results"); 
(i) 
the press release dated 6 February 2023 of consolidated financial results of Credem as at and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 which can be found at the following link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Sala_Stampa/en_sala_stampa/press-releases/in-
corso/2023/CREDEM,%202022%20preliminary%20results%20-%20net%20profit%20at%20317%20mi
llion;%20dividend%20of%20%E2%82%AC0.33%20per%20share.pdf (the "Press Release of Credem 
FY22 Financial Results"); 
(j) 
the press release dated 8 February 2023 on Credem's capital requirements which can be found at the 
following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Sala_Stampa/en_sala_stampa/press-releases/in-
corso/2023/CREDEM%20confirmed%20as%20the%20soundest%20commercial%20Bank%20in%20Eu
rope.pdf (the "SREP Decision – Press Release"); 
(k) 
the press release dated 11 May 2022 on the early redemption of €100,000,000 tier 2 notes due July 2027 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Sala_Stampa/en_sala_stampa/press-releases/in-
corso/2022/Notice%20of%20redemption%20-%20CREDEM%20early%20redeems%20its%20%E2%82
%AC100,000,000%20Tier%202%20notes%20due%20july%202027.pdf (the "Notice of Redemption T2 
– Press Release"), 
with an English translation thereof and, in the case of the documents listed under Paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) 
above, together with the English translation of the audit and review reports prepared in connection therewith. Any 
statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference herein (including 
without limitation the documents listed under Paragraphs (a) to (k) above) shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document which 
is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of the Issuers. 
The Issuers will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Cross Reference List 
The tables below set out the relevant page references (i) for the audited consolidated financial statements of Credem 
and Credem Holding as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020; (ii) for the audited consolidated financial 
statements of Credem and Credem Holding as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021; (iii) for the unaudited 
consolidated financial statements of Credem for the six months ended 30 June 2021; (iv) for the unaudited 
consolidated financial statements of Credem for the six months ended 30 June 2022; (v) for the unaudited 
consolidated financial statements of Credem and Credem Holding as at 30 September 2022; (vi) for the press release 
dated 6 February 2023 of consolidated financial results of Credem as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022; (vii) for the SREP Decision – Press Release and (viii) for the Notice of Redemption T2 – Press 
Release. 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Credem 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements: 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
95-96 
Consolidated Income Statement 
97

--- Page 50 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 50 - 
47-41048211 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
98 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
99-100 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
101-102 
Explanatory Notes 
104-429 
Independent Auditor's Report 
451-458 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Credem Holding 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements: 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
84-85 
Consolidated Income Statement 
86 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
87 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
88-89 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
90-91 
Explanatory Notes 
93-431 
Independent Auditor's Report 
437-441 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Credem 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
Consolidated Income Statement 
92 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
93 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
94-96 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
97 
Explanatory Notes 
99-438 
Independent Auditor's Report 
459-469 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Credem Holding 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
74-75 
Consolidated Income Statement 
76 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
77 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
78-79 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
80 
Explanatory Notes 
83-428 
Independent Auditor's Report 
447-451 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Credem 1H21 Financial Statements 
Unaudited consolidated first half year financial 
statements: 
 
 
 
  
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
72-73  
Consolidated Income Statement 
74 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
75

--- Page 51 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 51 - 
47-41048211 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
76-77 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
78-79 
Explanatory Notes 
81-291 
Independent Auditor's Report 
297-299 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Credem 1H22 Financial Statements 
Unaudited consolidated first half year financial 
statements: 
 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
66-67 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
68 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
69 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
70-71 
 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
72 
 
Explanatory Notes 
76-279 
 
Certification by the Manager Responsible for 
preparing the Company’s Financial Reports 
291 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
295 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Credem 3Q22 Financial Statements 
 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
12-13 
Consolidated Income Statement 
15 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
16 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
17 
Explanatory Notes 
20-57 
Certification by the Manager Responsible for preparing 
the Company's Financial Reports  
61 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Press Release of Credem Holding 9M22 
Financial Results 
 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
2 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
3 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Press Release of Credem FY22 Financial 
Results 
The Results of 2022 
4-7 
 
Consolidated economic results (except for item 
“Consolidated Net Profits”)  
7-8 
 
Consolidated balance sheet aggregates 
8-9 
 
Declaration by the Manager Responsible for preparing 
the Company's Financial Reports 
10-11 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (except for item 200) 
12 
Consolidated Income Statement (except for items 250, 
280, 310, 320, 330 and 350) 
13 
 
Reclassified Consolidated income statement (except 
for item “Profit for the Period”)  
14 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
SREP Decision – Press Release 
Entire document 
All 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers

--- Page 52 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 52 - 
47-41048211 
 
Notice of Redemption T2 – Press 
Release 
Entire document 
All 
The Issuer confirms that the unaudited results and other figures contained in the Press Release of Credem FY22 
Preliminary Financial Results incorporated by reference herein are consistent with the corresponding figures that 
will be contained in the Issuers’ consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
and therefore have been prepared on the basis of the same accounting principles and standards utilised for the 
preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Issuers as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
in all material respects. 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 53 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 53 - 
47-41048211 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuers and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different types of 
Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuers have included in this Base Prospectus all of the 
necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant Final 
Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche 
only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
described in the relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information relating 
to the Issuers and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 54 - 
47-41048211 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes governed by Italian Law (the "Notes") which, as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the 
Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Conditions 
applicable to Global Notes" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Credito Emiliano S.p.A. ("Credem") and Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. ("Credem 
Holding" and together with Credem, the "Issuers" and each an "Issuer", which expression in relation to 
a particular Series shall only mean the relevant issuer of such Series), have established a Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of €5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms 
(the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement dated 10 March 2023 (the 
"Agency Agreement") between the Issuers and Citibank Europe plc as fiscal agent (in such capacity, the 
"Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time) and 
the paying agent named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to Notes are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for inspection at reasonable 
times and obtainable free of charge by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent or may be provided by email to a Noteholder upon such Noteholder producing evidence 
as to its identity and proof of holding satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and Couponholders, if any, are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency 
Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders at reasonable times during normal business hours 
at the Specified Offices of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below or may 
be provided by email to a Noteholder upon such Noteholder producing evidence as to its identity and proof 
of holding satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series) 
as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined 
in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 55 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 55 - 
47-41048211 
 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor 
term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or the quantum 
of the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines should be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, quantum formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate or (where (i) above does not apply) in the case of 
a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that (i) and (ii) above do not apply) the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that (i), (ii) and (iii) above do not apply) the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its discretion determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in accordance with Condition 6(f)(ii) (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) or if no such rate exists, the rate which is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate, for a comparable interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and applicable to the Issuers or 
the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation, the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, 
the CRD IV Package, the Capital Instruments Regulations, Circular No. 285, the Banking Reform Package, 
the SRM Regulation and any other regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union (whether or 
not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuers or the Group, as the case may be) and standards and guidelines 
issued by the European Banking Authority; 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification and/or suspension 
power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or group entities in effect and applicable in the 
relevant Member State to the Issuers or other entities of the Group (as the case may be), including but not 
limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements set forth in or implementing the BRRD, the BRRD 
Implementing Decrees and/or the SRM Regulation or any successor laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of the Issuers (and/or other entities 
of the Group, where applicable) within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or

--- Page 56 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 56 - 
47-41048211 
 
otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of the Issuers (and/or other entities of the Group, where applicable) 
can be reduced, cancelled, transferred, modified, suspended for a temporary period and/or converted into 
shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person, whether in combination with a resolution action 
or otherwise; 
"Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market 
risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; (iii) 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures; and (iv) 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(f)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business Days 
or ceasing to be calculated, administered or published or being subject to a material change; 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i) above; 
(c) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (c)(i) above; 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (d)(i) above; 
(e) 
the making of an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate including, without limitation, under the BMR, 
if applicable; 
"BMR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the

--- Page 57 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 57 - 
47-41048211 
 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No. 596/2014 as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15, 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into 
force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 16, 2015, 
implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" the 
relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a 
Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention.

--- Page 58 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 58 - 
47-41048211 
 
"Calculation Agent" means the Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or regulations 
of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are otherwise applicable 
to the Issuers or the Group (as the case may be and, where applicable), whether introduced before or after 
the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuers or 
the Group (as the case may be) to the extent required under the CRD V Package (including, without 
limitation, any rules or regulations implementing the Banking Reform Package); 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means the Legislative Decree of 1 September 1993, No. 385 of the Republic 
of Italy as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to such Note; 
"Couponholder" means the holder of a Coupon; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 26, 2013 
on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"CRD IV Package" means the CRR and the CRD IV; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 26, 
2013 setting out prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the 
Banking Reform Package); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year;

--- Page 59 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 59 - 
47-41048211 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" (in respect of Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions)) is so specified, means the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 
30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(vi) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(vii) 
If "30/360" (in respect of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement)) or 
"360/360" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment 
is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1) + [30 𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 − 𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 60 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 60 - 
47-41048211 
 
(viii) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 − 𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 − 𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period;

--- Page 61 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 61 - 
47-41048211 
 
"Delegated Regulation" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014 
supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for Own Funds requirements for 
institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of any rules or regulations implementing the Banking Reform Package); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Eligible Liabilities" means at any time eligible liabilities as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means at any time eligible liabilities instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities as amended from time to time; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note (other than Inflation-Linked Notes), its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms provided that, in any case, such amount will be at least equal to the relevant par value. 
In respect of Inflation-Linked Notes, the "Final Redemption Amount" means an amount different from the 
relevant par value as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that under no circumstances 
shall the Final Redemption Amount be less than the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group" means the Credem banking group, registered with the Register of Banking Groups held by the 
Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act, under number 3032; 
"Holder" means a holder of a Note; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets appointed by the Issuers 
under Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) at their own expense; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be specified 
as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case);

--- Page 62 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 62 - 
47-41048211 
 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that Own Funds 
instruments or other liabilities of the Issuers or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are subject to 
full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments or other instruments of 
ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related national implementing provisions 
applicable to the Issuers or entities of the Group (as the case may be); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of a Series of Senior Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) are or will 
be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. For the 
avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed 
thereunder does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series 
of Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within 
any prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible 
to meet the MREL Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion 
of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements 
as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuers or as a result of a purchase which 
is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuers, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to the 
Issuers or the Group (as the case may be) from time to time, including, without limitation to the generality 
of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as implementing technical standards or 
regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy or a Relevant 
Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuers or the Group (as the case may be)), 
as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures, policies or 
interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
"Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Noteholder" means a holder of a Note; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 63 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 63 - 
47-41048211 
 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Own Funds Instruments" means at any time own funds instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member 
State of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuers 
that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuers' and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any 
existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been 
paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the 
date of variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were

--- Page 64 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 64 - 
47-41048211 
 
assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless any 
downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power), have terms not materially 
less favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuers acting 
reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international 
standing which is independent of the Issuers or the Group, than the terms of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
"Qualifying Senior Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuers that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuers' and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Notes to 
any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same 
or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Notes immediately prior to such 
variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Notes; and (G) other 
than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of Bail-
in Power) with respect to Senior Notes, have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of 
the Senior Notes, certified by the Issuers acting reasonably following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing which is independent of the Issuers 
or the Group, than the terms of the Senior Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation. 
"Qualifying Subordinated Securities" means securities, whether debt, equity, interests in limited 
partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuers that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms such that they comply with the then-current minimum requirements under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuers or the Group 
(as applicable); (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have 
the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) 
preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not 
been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding 
the date of variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as 
were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless any 
downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power), have terms not materially 
less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes, certified by the Issuers acting reasonably 
following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing 
which is independent of the Issuers or the Group, than the terms of the Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately prior 
to such variation; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 65 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 65 - 
47-41048211 
 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuers or an agent appointed by the Issuers in the market that is most closely connected 
with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority considers to be 
sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes from their classification on 
the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in full or, to the extent permitted 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuers or, where 
applicable in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations, a reclassification as a lower quality 
form of Own Funds; 
"Relevant Authority" means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central Bank or the Bank of 
Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, or any successor or replacement 
authority having responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuers or the Group (as 
the case may be), and/or (ii) the Single Resolution Board, the European Council, the European 
Commission or the Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism, or 
any successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the resolution of the Issuers or other 
entities of the Group (as the case may be); 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the Original Reference Rate:

--- Page 66 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 66 - 
47-41048211 
 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuter) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Agency Agreement; 
"Single Resolution Mechanism" means the single resolution mechanism established pursuant to the SRM 
Regulation; 
"Single Supervisory Mechanism" means the single supervisory mechanism established pursuant to the 
SSM Regulation; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
"SSM Regulation" means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring 
specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Subsidiary" means any company or person that is controlled by the Issuers pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act; 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"Switch Option" means, if Change of Interest Basis and Issuers' Switch Option are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the option of the Issuers, at its sole absolute discretion, on one or more 
occasions and subject to the provisions of Condition 6(h) (Change of Interest Basis), to change the Interest 
Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate, to Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons;

--- Page 67 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 67 - 
47-41048211 
 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (or any successor to TARGET2) is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tax" or "Taxes" means all taxes, direct and indirect, duties, contributions, levies and imposts of any kind 
or nature imposed by any governmental authorities, either as a primary, secondary or joint liability, 
including but not limited to taxes on income (including capital gains), taxes on capital, value added taxes, 
excise taxes, alternative add-on minimum taxes, estimated taxes, social security contributions and similar 
taxes, customs duties and stamp duties, payments subject to a requirement to withhold, social contributions, 
and any interest, penalties, and other related charges referred to one of the foregoing; 
"Tier 1 Capital" means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Yield" means the yield specified in the Final Terms, as calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2 (Definitions and Interpretation) to have the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is 
not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 68 - 
47-41048211 
 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons (if applicable) 
and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(a) 
Title to Notes: Title to Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
(b) 
Minimum Denomination: The minimum denomination per Note may be of €100,000 or less than €100,000, 
provided that Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at least €150,000 and Subordinated 
Notes will have a denomination of at least €200,000 or, in each case, where the Notes are denominated in 
a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified Currency. 
(c) 
Ownership: The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) 
and no person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any 
term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status – Senior Notes 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Senior Notes and specified in the Final Terms as being 
Senior Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to Senior Non-Preferred Notes) ("Senior 
Notes"). 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuers 
and rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves and (subject to any obligations 
preferred by any applicable law) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations (including deposits) of the Issuers, present and future (other than obligations ranking, 
in accordance with their terms and/or by provision of law, junior to the Senior Notes from time to time 
(including Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the 
Senior Notes following the Issue Date)) if any. 
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
(b) 
Status - Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by the Issuers specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as Non-Preferred Senior obligations and intended to qualify as "strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello" of the Issuers, as defined under Article 12 bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act, as amended from time to time ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes"). 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuers, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority) constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuers, ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuers 
which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by provision of law, senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of 
Article 72a(2) of the CRR;

--- Page 69 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 69 - 
47-41048211 
 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or future 
obligations of the Issuers which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or 
senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuers, 
in all such cases in accordance with Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, 
as amended from time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority and/or any laws, regulations or guidelines implementing the rules set 
forth in the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of 
any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(c) 
Status – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable only in relation to Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuers and specified 
in the Final Terms as being subordinated and intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital ("Subordinated Notes"). 
(i) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital 
purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza 
per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (the "Bank of Italy Regulations"), including any successor 
regulations, and Article 63 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuers and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. Save as provided in Condition 4(c)(ii) 
(Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes), in the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act or 
voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-quinquies of the 
Consolidated Banking Act, for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes qualify, in 
whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment obligations of the Issuers in respect of principal 
and interest under the Subordinated Notes will (A) be subordinated to the claims of the Senior 
Creditors (as defined below); (B) rank pari passu with Parity Creditors and (C) rank in priority 
to the claims of shareholders of the Issuers and to the claims of creditors of the Issuers holding 
instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including the holders of 
notes which qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital, if any). 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Issuers whose claims are admitted to proof in the 
winding up of the Issuers and who are either (a) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuers (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their respective 
Coupons) or (b) creditors of the Issuers whose claims against the Issuers are, or are expressed to 
be, subordinated in the event of the winding up of the Issuers but senior to the Subordinated Notes 
(including any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund 
items (elementi di fondi propri)), and 
"Parity Creditors" means creditors of the Issuers (including, without limitation, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders of Subordinated Notes or Coupons) whose claims against the Issuers are, 
or are expressed to be, subordinated in the event of the winding up of the Issuers in any manner 
to the claims of any unsecured and unsubordinated creditor of the Issuers, but excluding those 
subordinated creditors of the Issuers (if any) whose claims rank, or are expressed to rank, junior 
or senior to the claims of the Noteholders and the Couponholders of Subordinated Notes or 
Coupons and/or to the claims of any other creditors of the Issuers whose claims rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the claims of the Noteholders and the Couponholders of 
Subordinated Notes or Coupons or with whose claims the claims of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders of Subordinated Notes or Coupons rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu, 
including holders of present or future outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuers.

--- Page 70 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 70 - 
47-41048211 
 
(ii) 
Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes 
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes do not qualify (or cease to qualify) in their entirety 
as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and: (A) at least pari passu with the Issuers' obligations 
in respect of any other subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other subordinated indebtedness of the 
Issuers that have such ranking; (B) in priority to payments to holders of present or future 
outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds items (elementi di 
fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital; and (C) junior in right of 
payment to the payment of any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuers and any other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuers (including Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(iii) 
Loss Absorption 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to 
the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time. 
(iv) 
Set-Off 
Subject to applicable law, neither any Noteholders and Couponholders of Subordinated Notes or 
Coupons nor the Fiscal Agent may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any amount 
owed to it by the Issuers arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or 
Subordinated Coupons and each Noteholder and Couponholder of Subordinated Notes or 
Coupons shall, by virtue of his subscription, purchase or holding of any Subordinated Note or 
Subordinated Coupon, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
(d) 
No negative pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating 
Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated 
to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (both before 
and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). As 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest from such Notes may accrue on a different basis from that 
set out in this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall 
be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount.

--- Page 71 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 71 - 
47-41048211 
 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the multiple of the product of the amounts (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
6. 
Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement) is applicable to the Notes 
only if (a) the Floating Rate Note Provisions, CMS Linked Interest Notes or the Inflation-Linked Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate 
Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated 
to apply. Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) is applicable also if the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of the interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6 
(Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement) for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6(b) (both before and after judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). As specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, interest from such Notes may accrue on a different basis from that set out in this 
Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination (other than CMS Linked Interest Notes): If Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable,: 
(A) 
the relevant Issuer or an agent appointed by it will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide it with a quotation of 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time and the relevant Issuer 
or an agent appointed by it shall notify the Calculation Agent of all quotations received 
by it; and

--- Page 72 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 72 - 
47-41048211 
 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Issuer) quoted to the relevant Issuer (or an agent appointed by the relevant Issuer) upon request 
(and notified to the Calculation Agent by the relevant Issuer or an agent appointed by the relevant 
Issuer) by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by 
the relevant Issuer or an agent appointed by the it, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for deposits in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(v) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined (the "Determined 
Rate"); 
(vi) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) the 
Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(vii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may 
be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period for which such rate or arithmetic 
mean was determined. 
(d) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated as it follows, subject to letter (g) below: 
(i) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(ii) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(b) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C]

--- Page 73 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 73 - 
47-41048211 
 
(iii) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or: 
(b) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
where: 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M= Margin 
For the purposes of sub-Paragraph (d): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the specified time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
determining the Rate of Interest in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available; and 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage" and "Margin" shall have the 
meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of the 
Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) the 
Margin and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions, provided that in any circumstances 
where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, 
including the selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when 
calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee and under which:

--- Page 74 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 74 - 
47-41048211 
 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant final terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall 
be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate", 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if such sum results in a negative amount, such amount 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note 
and Benchmark Replacement) and in Condition 7 (Reset Note Provisions), if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when these Conditions provide for any remaining 
Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: The relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours: (A) to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) and (B) if 
(i) the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Adjustment Spread 
(if any) (in accordance with Condition 6(f)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 6(f)(iii) 
(Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6(f)(iv) 
(Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation 
with the Issuers and (in the absence of bad faith, fraud or gross negligence) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuers, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or the

--- Page 75 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 75 - 
47-41048211 
 
Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuers in connection 
with to the operation of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate: If the relevant Issuer or the Independent Adviser 
(as applicable) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 6(f)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Benchmark Rate, then such 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
6(f)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: If the relevant Issuer or the Independent Adviser (as applicable) determines 
(i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) and the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions (including without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Day, Relevant Screen Page, Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination Date, 
Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Reference Banks, Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate, Principal Financial Centre, Business Day Convention or Additional Business Centre) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuers shall, and subject to the Issuers giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6(f)(v) (Notices, etc.), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(f)(iv) (Benchmark 
Amendments), the Issuers shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted 
to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: The Issuers shall notify the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent or any other 
party specified in the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest 
no later than 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date and, in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices), the Noteholders promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period.

--- Page 76 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 76 - 
47-41048211 
 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest error 
or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuers, 
the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuers under the 
provisions of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement) 
and in Condition 7 (Reset Note Provisions) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred and only then once the Paying Agents and Calculation Agent or such other 
party specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, have been notified of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and any Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable) in accordance with Condition 6(f)(v) 
(Notices, etc.). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
in accordance with Paragraph (i) above, the Issuers fail to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) pursuant to this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark 
Replacement) by such Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, or, if the 
provisions relating to the occurrence of a Regulatory Event in case of a Benchmark Event is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions under Paragraphs from (i) to 
(vi) above would case the occurrence of a Regulatory Event, (A) in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period (though substituting where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) in the case of Reset Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the sum of (as 
applicable) the First Margin (in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) or the Subsequent 
Margin (in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as 
of the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) 
or Reset Period(s) (as applicable) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement). 
(viii) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement), if in the 
Calculation Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of 
action in making any determination or calculation under this condition 6(f) (Benchmark 
Replacement), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the relevant Issuer thereof and the 
relevant Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of 
action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable to make such calculation or determinations for any reason, it shall notify the 
relevant Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(g) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Change of Interest Basis. If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5 (Fixed

--- Page 77 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 77 - 
47-41048211 
 
Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement), each applicable 
only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuers' Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuers may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at their option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating 
Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided 
that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise 
of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch 
Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option 
Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has 
not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuers shall no longer be entitled 
to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Switch 
Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option having 
been notified to the Issuers pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) prior 
to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount of such Note during such 
Interest Period and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit rounded upwards). For this purpose 
a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation-Linked Note is the multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the 
amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(j) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which 
any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by 
it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuers, the Fiscal Agent and each stock 
exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed as soon as practicable after such determination. Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuers, the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes.

--- Page 78 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 78 - 
47-41048211 
 
7. 
Reset Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Reset Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes if the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates: Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time 
at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 66(f) (Benchmark Replacement) and 
(B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest 
in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement). 
(c) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: This Condition 7(c) (Reset Reference Rate Conversion) is only 
applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be converted 
from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms to a basis 
which matches the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, with regard to the Reset Notes: 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate and the First Margin, subject to Condition 7(c) (Reset Reference Rate Conversion); 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which 
transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
(ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent);

--- Page 79 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 79 - 
47-41048211 
 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 7(c) (Reset 
Reference Rate Conversion), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(a) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(b) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001% (0.0005% being 
rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(a) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(b) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent 
Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 7(d) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset

--- Page 80 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 80 - 
47-41048211 
 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin, subject 
to Condition 7(c) (Reset Reference Rate Conversion). 
(d) 
Fallbacks: If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the relevant Issuer or an agent appointed by it shall, 
subject as provided in Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement), request each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by it) with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
the Reset Determination Date in question and the relevant Issuer or an agent appointed by it shall notify 
the Calculation Agent of all quotations received by it. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or its appointed agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001% (0.0005% being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the 
First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer or its 
appointed agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the sum of (as applicable) the First Margin (in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) 
or the Subsequent Margin (in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate as of the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7 (Reset Note Provisions), "Reference Banks" means the principal 
office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the 
relevant Issuer. 
8. 
Inflation-Linked Note 
This Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked Note) is applicable to the Notes only if the Inflation-Linked Notes 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Inflation-Linked Note Provisions 
(i) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation-Linked Notes 
The Notes may provide for the payment of one or more Rates of Interest which will consist of an 
amount determined on the basis of the performance of the underlying Inflation Index and 
calculated according to the formula described below. The amount of the Rate of Interest is linked 
to the performance of the Inflation Index so that if the value of the Inflation Index increases 
compared to the preceding calendar year, then this will positively affect the amount of Rate of 
Interest, whereas if the value of the Inflation Index decreases compared to the preceding calendar 
year, then this will negatively affect the amount of Rate of Interest. 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of [YoY] Inflation-Linked Notes, for 
each Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party specified in the 
Final Terms, on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = [[Index Factor]*[YoY] Inflation] + Margin 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, 
designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of Paragraph 
(g) above shall apply as appropriate.

--- Page 81 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 81 - 
47-41048211 
 
Where: 
"Index Factor" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if Index 
Factor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Index Factor shall be deemed to be equal to one; 
"Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"[YoY] Inflation" means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month (t), 
the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൤
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡)
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡 − 1) − 1൨ 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date 
falls; 
"Inflation Index (t-1)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date 
falls; 
"Margin" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Month" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
The Rate of Interest shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Redemption Amount – [YoY] Inflation-Linked Notes 
The Notes may provide for the payment on the Maturity Date of a Final Redemption Amount 
which will consist of (as specified in the applicable Final Terms): i) an amount equal to 100% of 
the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes or ii) an amount determined on the basis of the 
performance of the underlying Inflation Index and calculated according to the formula described 
below. In the latter case, if the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the calendar 
year in which the Maturity Date falls is higher than the value of the Inflation Index for the 
Reference Month in the calendar year in which the Issue Date falls, then the Noteholders will 
receive a Final Redemption Amount higher than 100% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount and 
linked to the performance of the Inflation Index. If the value of the Inflation Index for the 
Reference Month in the calendar year in which the Maturity Date falls is lower than the value of 
the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the calendar year in which the Issue Date falls, 
then the Noteholders will receive a Final Redemption Amount equal to 100% of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount and no amount linked to the Inflation Index will be received by the investor. 
Under no circumstances the Final Redemption Amount shall be less than the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes. 
The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date in respect of [YoY] Inflation-
Linked Notes may be i) 100% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes or ii) (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) a [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount to be calculated 
on the [Maturity Date/relevant Determination Date] on the basis of the following formula: 
[[YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount = Aggregate Nominal Amount x (Inflation Index 
(t)/Inflation Index (0))] 
Where: 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date 
falls; and

--- Page 82 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 82 - 
47-41048211 
 
"Inflation Index (0)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year in which the relevant Issue Date falls. 
The [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount may be subject to a minimum or a maximum amount 
(if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided that under no circumstances shall the 
Final Redemption Amount be less than the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Inflation-Linked Note Provisions 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with this Condition 8 
(Inflation-Linked Notes) or as specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to this 
Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked Notes), each Inflation-Linked Note will bear interest in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Conditions. 
The following provisions apply to Inflation-Linked Notes: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and such other 
events (if any) specified as an Additional Disruption Event in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
(A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or 
(B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, or (ii) any Hedging 
Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Notes 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuers, any of their affiliates or any other Hedging Party). 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior to any 
due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant Determination Date is 
relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation 
Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such 
Inflation Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised in 
any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuers in respect of such Determination Date, 
at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation 
Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant 
Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such 
bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to 
the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an 
inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government

--- Page 83 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 83 - 
47-41048211 
 
agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount 
which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each 
case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued 
on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the 
same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the 
Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, 
but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected from all eligible bonds in issue at 
the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond 
is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuers 
issuing and performing their obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means at any relevant time, the Issuers, or any of their affiliates or any other 
party providing the Issuers directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the 
Notes as the Issuers may select at such time. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk 
(including, without limitation, price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the 
Issuers issuing and performing their obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuers and/or any of their affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Inflation Index" means each inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue 
Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is 
reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information is 
published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a 
period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant Level 
is reported. 
"Related Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback 
Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" above.

--- Page 84 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 84 - 
47-41048211 
 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions 
In case of the cessation of the publication of the Inflation Index or the occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event, the Notes may be early redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an 
Inflation Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant 
Level for such Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to 
such Delayed Index Level Event (the "Substitute Index Level") shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(1) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute 
Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; 
(2) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine 
a Substitute Index Level under (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); 
or 
(3) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index 
Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for 
which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being 
determined. 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in 
respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuers shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) 
of any Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to Condition 8(iv)(A) (Delay in 
Publication). 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or 
after the relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. 
The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked 
Notes) will be the definitive level for that Reference Month.

--- Page 85 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 85 - 
47-41048211 
 
(B) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been 
published or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index Sponsor 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or 
the Inflation Index Sponsor otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a successor inflation index (the "Successor Inflation Index") (in 
lieu of any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Inflation-
Linked Notes by using the following methodology: 
(1) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event has 
been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 8(iv)(B)(5) 
below), a successor inflation index has been designated by the calculation agent 
(or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such 
successor inflation index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation Index" 
notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have 
been determined under Conditions 8(iv)(B)(2), 8(iv)(B)(3) or 8(iv)(B)(4) 
below; 
(2) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Condition 
8(iv)(B)(1) above, and a notice has been given or an announcement has been 
made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will be 
superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the Inflation Index 
Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is 
calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Inflation-Linked Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation Index 
comes into effect; 
(3) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Conditions 
8(iv)(B)(1) or 8(iv)(B)(2) above, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading 
independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index 
should be. If four or five responses are received and, of those four or five 
responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this 
index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three responses are 
received and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this 
index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three 
responses are received or no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant 
to this Condition 8(iv)(B)(3), the Calculation Agent will proceed to Condition 
8(iv)(B)(4) below; 
(4) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined under 
Conditions 8(iv)(B)(1), 8(iv)(B)(2), 8(iv)(B)(3) above by the next occurring 
Cut-Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, will determine 
an appropriate alternative index from such Cut-Off Date, and such index will 
be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(5) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative 
index in relation to Inflation-Linked Notes, on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the Issuers shall redeem or cancel, as 
applicable all but not some only of the Inflation-Linked Notes, each Inflation-
Linked Note being redeemed or cancelled, as applicable by payment of the 
relevant Early Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
(C) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased 
at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for

--- Page 86 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 86 - 
47-41048211 
 
purposes of determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; 
provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by 
the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related 
Bond, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the 
levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of 
inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall make 
adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(D) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall 
make any such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related 
Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those 
adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue 
as the Inflation Index. 
(E) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) Business 
Days prior to the relevant Maturity Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar days of 
publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has 
corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original 
publication, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such adjustments to the 
terms of the Inflation-Linked Notes as it determines appropriate to account for the 
correction and will notify the Noteholders of any such adjustments in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices). 
(F) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, 
the Issuers may at their option: 
(1) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of the Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption 
Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(2) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation-Linked Notes 
on the date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount, 
as of the date of redemption or cancellation, as applicable, taking into account 
the relevant Additional Disruption Event. The redemption or cancellation 
referred to in this Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay and Disruption 
Provisions) shall be subject to (i) in case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 
(ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
(G) 
Inflation Index Disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be 
obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels at which the Inflation Index 
stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. Neither the Inflation

--- Page 87 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 87 - 
47-41048211 
 
Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) 
to any person for any error in the Inflation Index and the Inflation Index Sponsor is under 
no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. The Inflation Index Sponsor is 
not making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. The 
Issuers shall have no liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to act by the 
Inflation Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance 
of the Inflation Index. Neither the Issuers nor their affiliates have any affiliation with or 
control over the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor or any control over the 
computation, composition or dissemination of the Inflation Index. Although the 
Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Inflation Index from publicly 
available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made 
and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuers, their affiliates or the Calculation Agent 
as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Inflation 
Index. 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). 
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking Act, the Maturity Date of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue Date. 
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their Issue Date, as 
provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(a) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(a) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes).

--- Page 88 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 88 - 
47-41048211 
 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuers in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation-Linked Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation-Linked Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if the Issuers have or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein, or any 
change in the application or interpretation or administration of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuers taking reasonable measures available to it (any such event, a 
"Tax Event"). 
At least 15 days prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuers 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the Issuers stating 
that the Issuers are entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuers so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall be 
sufficient, conclusive and binding on the Noteholders). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuers shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 
10(b). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(b) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(b) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuers in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms(which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall oblige the Issuers to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued 
interest (if any) to such date). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no Call Option in accordance with this Condition 10(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) may be exercised by the Issuers to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior 
to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date. After the fifth anniversary of such Issue Date, the redemption 
referred to in this Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall be subject to Condition 
10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions 
for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum

--- Page 89 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 89 - 
47-41048211 
 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75% or any higher percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes 
issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have 
been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuers and cancelled, the Issuers may at any time, at 
their option, and having given to the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice 
(the "Clean-Up Redemption Notice"), in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but 
not in part, at their clean-up redemption amount ("Clean-Up Redemption Amount") together, if 
appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for 
redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(b) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(e) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
This provision is not applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuers shall, at the option 
of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the 
relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if 
any) accrued to such date. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Put Option 
and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 10(f) for full information on any Put Option. In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date (Put), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) and the applicable notice periods. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Holder of any Note 
must, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, deposit with the Fiscal Agent such 
Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the 
form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent, with which a Note is so deposited, shall 
immediately notify the Issuers and shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing 
Holder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, 
prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Fiscal Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection 
by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any 
outstanding Note is held by the Fiscal Agent in accordance with this Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders), the depositor of such Note and not the Fiscal Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call): If a Regulatory Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuers notify the Noteholders of the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event, the Issuers may redeem such Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, at the Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
to the date fixed for redemption, provided that (to the extent required by applicable law or regulation):

--- Page 90 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 90 - 
47-41048211 
 
(A) 
the Issuers have given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice indicated in the relevant Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders of such Subordinated Notes (such notice being irrevocable) specifying the 
date fixed for such redemption; and 
(B) 
the circumstance that entitle the Issuers to exercise this right of redemption of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the relevant Issue Date. 
Upon the expiry of such notice period, the Issuers shall be bound to redeem the Subordinated Notes 
accordingly. 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 10(g) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) shall be subject to Condition 110(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event: If Redemption at the option of the Issuer due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption) and the Fiscal Agent, redeem the Senior Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, in whole but not in part, then outstanding at any time (if the Senior Note or the Senior Non-Preferred 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation-Linked Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Senior Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation-Linked Note), at the 
Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest to the date fixed for redemption, if the Issuers determine that a MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(h) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), the Issuers shall redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(h) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event). 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuers shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(j) (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of Actual/Actual (or 30/360 if such request 
is made to and accepted by the respective Issuers). 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuers may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, 
including for market making purposes, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. 
Such Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the purchaser, surrendered to any Paying Agent for

--- Page 91 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 91 - 
47-41048211 
 
cancellation. Also the repurchases referred to in this Condition 10(k) (Purchase) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes) and Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed by the Issuers and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered 
with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Redemption Amount: For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will the Redemption Amount of any Notes 
issued by the Issuers be lower than the principal amount of the Notes. 
(n) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes: In the case 
of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of such Notes in accordance with 
Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions), Condition 10(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(g) (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory purposes (Regulatory Call)), or Condition 10(k) (Purchase) is subject 
to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuers have obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with 
Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, where either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuers 
replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for their income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuers have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that their 
Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed 
the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin 
that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue 
Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the 
CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), the 
Issuers have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change 
in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), the Issuers have demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of 
the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuers replace 
the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for their income capacity and the Relevant Authority has permitted that 
action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential 
point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to 
time under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not exceed 
one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, in the 
limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10% (or any other threshold as 
may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal

--- Page 92 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 92 - 
47-41048211 
 
amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3% (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the 
Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuers at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) of sub-
Paragraph (i) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in accordance 
with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuers for any purposes. 
(o) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase in accordance with Condition 8(a)(iv) 
(Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions), Condition (b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(k) (Purchase), or Condition 10(h) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject, to the extent such Senior 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), qualified 
as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL 
Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including the 
condition that the Issuers have obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with 
article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuers replace 
the Senior Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for their income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuers have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that their Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed 
the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuers have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the relevant Notes with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for 
continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not exceed 
one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-Paragraphs (i) and (ii) of 
the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in accordance 
with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuers for any purposes. 
11. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by 
cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in 
that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10(i) (Payments other than in respect of matured 
Coupons) be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the

--- Page 93 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 93 - 
47-41048211 
 
appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner 
described in Paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuers have appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented for payment on redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will 
be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment such missing Coupons shall become void. 
Each sum of principal deducted pursuant to (i) above shall be paid in the manner provided in Paragraph 
(a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note Provisions or 
the Inflation-Linked Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or 
early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or 
Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon 
is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in 
such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not 
be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any Agent 
outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 10(c) (Payments in New York 
City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of 
such payment.

--- Page 94 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 94 - 
47-41048211 
 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was of the time of issue) 
part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, 
a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant 
to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
(if any) by the Issuers shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any taxes, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the relevant 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders (if relevant) after such withholding or deduction shall be equal to 
the amounts of principal, in case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes not qualifying at such 
time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, and interest, in case of any Notes, 
and which would otherwise have been receivable by them if no such withholding or deduction had been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any payment of any interest 
or principal either: 
(i) 
for or on account of Imposta Sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (as amended), the "Decree No. 239" or, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as amended by 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 201 of 16 June 1998) (as any of the same may be amended or 
supplemented) or any related implementing regulations and in all circumstances in which the 
procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 in order to benefit from a tax exemption have not been 
met or complied with except where such procedures have not been met or complied with due to 
the actions or omissions of the Issuers or their agents; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Notes or Coupons presented for payment: 
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note 
or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of Italy other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by making, or procuring, a declaration of non-residence 
or other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; or 
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder 
would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Note or Coupon 
for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Business Day; or 
(E) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-Italian resident 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does 
not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information for the purposes of Article 6 of 
Decree No. 239 of 1 April, 1996 not included in the list of Ministerial Decree of 4 
September 1996 as amended and supplemented from time to time in respect of the 
beneficiary of the payments made from Italy; or 
(F) 
in respect of Notes classified as of atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, each Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code,

--- Page 95 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 95 - 
47-41048211 
 
any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto ("FATCA Withholding") as a result of a holder, 
beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuers not being entitled to receive 
payments free of FATCA Withholding. The Issuers will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any such FATCA Withholding deducted or 
withheld by the Issuers, the paying agent or any other party. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If payments made by any Issuer becomes subject to withholding tax as a result of the 
Issuers becoming resident, whether for tax purposes or otherwise, in any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references 
to such other jurisdiction instead of the Republic of Italy. 
13. 
Events of Default 
In the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of any of the Issuers pursuant 
to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act, then any Note may, by written notice 
addressed by the holder thereof to the relevant Issuer and delivered to the relevant Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become 
immediately due and payable at its outstanding principal amount together with accrued interest (if any) 
without further action or formality. 
No remedy against the Issuers (including any remedy under the Italian Civil Code) other than as 
specifically provided by this Condition 13 (Events of Default) shall be available to the holders of the Notes 
and the related Coupons, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes and the related 
Coupons or in respect of any breach by an Issuer of any of their obligations under the Notes and the related 
Coupons or otherwise. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the non-payment by an Issuer of any amount due and payable under these 
Notes, or the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in relation to the 
Issuers in accordance with the BRRD, is not an event of default. 
No Events of Default for the Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency proceeding 
(including, without limitation, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) in respect of the Issuers (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of 
the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default for the Notes for any purpose). 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims against each Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be prescribed 
and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case of interest, five 
years after the Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such stock exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, 
upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuers may reasonably require. Mutilated 
or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Paying Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of each Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders, Couponholders or any other Person.

--- Page 96 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 96 - 
47-41048211 
 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuers reserve the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor Fiscal Agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuers shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuers shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any competent authority, 
stock 
exchange 
and/or 
quotation 
system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuers shall maintain a Paying Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system; and 
Notice of any change in the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver in relation to Credem 
This Condition 17 applies only in case Credem is the Issuer. 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority (if applicable). The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a 
meeting may be convened by Credem and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, 
at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned 
by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding 
or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at 
any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but Credem shall not agree, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or it is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders. 
(c) 
This Condition 17(c) applies to Subordinated Notes. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event 
occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of 
Bail-in Power), then Credem may, subject to giving any notice required to, and receiving consent from, 
the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of Subordinated 
Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Holders of Subordinated Notes of that Series (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
any time vary the terms of such Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of 
Credem to redeem the varied securities that would otherwise provide Credem with a right of redemption 
pursuant to the provisions of Subordinated Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a variation of the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 17(c) and the Fiscal Agent shall be obliged to effect such matters.

--- Page 97 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 97 - 
47-41048211 
 
(d) 
This Condition 17(d) applies to Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
23 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes then 
Credem may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving consent from, the Relevant 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) 
days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Holders of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that 
Series, which notice shall be irrevocable, at any time vary the terms of such Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of Credem 
to redeem the varied securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a variation of the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 17(d) and the Fiscal Agent shall be obliged to effect such matters. 
(e) 
Any variation of the Conditions to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
18. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver in relation to Credem Holding 
This Condition 18 applies only in case Credem Holding is the Issuer. 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority (if applicable). The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such 
provisions are subject to compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy 
applicable to the Issuer from time to time and, where applicable Italian law so requires, Credem Holding's 
bylaws, including any amendment, restatement or re-enactment of such laws, legislation, rules and 
regulations (or, where applicable, the Credem Holding's bylaws) taking effect at any time on or after the 
relevant Issue Date. 
(b) 
Subject to the above: 
(i) 
any such meeting may be convened by the Board of Directors of Credem Holding or the 
Noteholders' Representative (as defined below) at their discretion and, in any event, shall be 
convened without delay upon a request in writing by Noteholder(s) holding not less than one-
twentieth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(ii) 
if the Board of Directors or the Noteholders' Representative fails to convene such a meeting 
following such request, the meeting may be convened by a decision of the competent court upon 
request by such Noteholders; 
(iii) 
every such meeting shall be held at such place as provided pursuant to Article 2363 of the Italian 
Civil Code; 
(iv) 
such a meeting will be validly convened if: 
(A) 
in the case of an initial meeting, there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding more than one half of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of a meeting convened following adjournment of the initial meeting, there 
are one or more persons present being or representing Noteholders holding more than 
one third of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; and 
(C) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting convened to vote 
on an Extraordinary Resolution will be:

--- Page 98 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 98 - 
47-41048211 
 
(1) 
for voting on any matter other than a Reserved Matter: (1) in the case of an 
initial meeting, one or more persons holding or representing more than one half 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; and (2) in the case 
of a meeting convened following adjournment of the initial meeting, at least 
two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
represented at the meeting; or 
(2) 
for voting on a Reserved Matter, the higher of (1) one of more persons holding 
or representing not less than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes and (2) one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
represented at the meeting. 
An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
(c) 
Noteholders' Representative: Pursuant to Articles 2415 and 2417 of the Italian Civil Code, a representative 
of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune or "Noteholders' Representative") is appointed, inter alia, to 
represent the interests of Noteholders, such appointment to be made by an Extraordinary Resolution or by 
an order of a competent court at the request of one or more Noteholders or the Issuer. Each such 
Noteholders' Representative shall have the powers and duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian Civil 
Code. 
(d) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but Credem Holding shall not agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it 
is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders or the Couponholders. 
19. 
Further Issues 
The Issuers may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
other than the Issue Date, Issue Price and/or Interest Commencement Date and/or the first payment of 
interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
20. 
Notices 
To holders of Notes 
Notices to the Holders of Notes shall be valid if published (i) in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), (ii) if and for so long as 
the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the to the Official List and/or admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin, if filed within the Companies Announcement Office of Euronext 
Dublin or published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in the Republic 
of Ireland and approved by Euronext Dublin (which is expected to be the Irish Times) and/or the Euronext 
Dublin's website (https://live.euronext.com/). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on 
which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed 
for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
To Holders of Notes held in a clearing system 
While all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the Global Note is deposited with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, notices to Noteholders may 
(to the extent permitted by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other exchange on which

--- Page 99 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 99 - 
47-41048211 
 
the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading) be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. Any such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005% being 
rounded up to 0.00001%), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese 
Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Agency Agreement and the rights and obligations in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with each of the foregoing, 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: In the Agency Agreement the Issuers have irrevocably agreed, for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of Milan are to have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and 
determine any suit, action or proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including any non contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) (respectively "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and 
accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. Nothing contained in this Condition 22(b) 
(Jurisdiction) shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuers in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: In the Agency Agreement the Issuers have irrevocably waived any objection which it 
might now or hereafter have to the courts of Milan being nominated as the forum to hear and determine 
any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and has agreed not to claim that any such court is not a 
convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Consent to enforcement etc: In the Agency Agreement the Issuers have consented generally in respect of 
any Proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings 
including (without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever 
(irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment which may be made or given in such 
Proceedings. 
23. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuers and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of 
the BRRD, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 23, includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes), by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on issuance or in the 
secondary market), and the Fiscal Agent acknowledges and accepts the existence of, agrees to be bound 
by and consents to: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise may include and 
result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto;

--- Page 100 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 100 - 
47-41048211 
 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuers or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; 
and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the 
exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, according to the latest resolution plan adopted by the SRB for 
Credem Group, the key elements of which have communicated to Credem, the preferred resolution strategy 
of the SRB, in case of exercise of any bail-in power, designates Credem as the single point of entry. 
Upon the Issuers becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuers shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. The Issuers shall also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Fiscal Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure by the Issuers to give notice shall 
not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this 
Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power). 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not constitute 
an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of interest payments to reflect the 
reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant 
Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including in particular the 
BRRD and the SRM Regulation, and any other relevant provisions under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the application 
of the Bail-In Power to the Notes.

--- Page 101 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 101 - 
47-41048211 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (a "Temporary Global Note"), 
without Coupons (as defined herein), or a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note"), without Coupons, 
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, 
Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in a new global note form (a 
"Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or 
"NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In June 2006, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with 
the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking 
system for the Euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time, the ECB 
also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form 
is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such bearer notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the bearer notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the bearer notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note without Coupons, 
interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without 
Coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect 
of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuers shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an 
increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to, or to the order 
of, the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
(iii) 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note.

--- Page 102 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 102 - 
47-41048211 
 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form ("Definitive 
Notes"): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of 
Default and enforcement) occurs and the Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuers shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (A) in case of 
Senior Notes, (1) a minimum denomination of €100,000 plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such 
denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more than €199,000; (B) in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (1) 
a minimum denomination of €150,000, plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are 
not less than €150,000 nor more than €299,000; (C) in case of Subordinated Notes, (1) a minimum denomination 
of €200,000, plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €200,000 nor 
more than €399,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. For the 
avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive 
Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global 
Note. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive 
a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral 
multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor 
the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note without 
Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, 
for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuers shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
(as defined herein) attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.

--- Page 103 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 103 - 
47-41048211 
 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, 
whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note without Coupons, interests 
in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of 
Default and enforcement) occurs and the Notes become due and payable. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) or (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (A) in case of 
Senior Notes, (1) a minimum denomination of €100,000 plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such 
denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more than €199,000; (B) in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (1) 
a minimum denomination of €150,000, plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are 
not less than €150,000 nor more than €299,000; (C) in case of Subordinated Notes, (1) a minimum denomination 
of €200,000, plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €200,000 nor 
more than €399,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. For the 
avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive 
Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global 
Note. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive 
a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral 
multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuers shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. Where 
the Notes are listed on the Euronext Dublin and its rules so require, the Issuers will give notice of the exchange of 
the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 20 (Notices). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuers all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system.

--- Page 104 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 104 - 
47-41048211 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes 
in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon or Talon will 
generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note, Coupon or 
Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or 
redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 105 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 105 - 
47-41048211 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which (1) have a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and/or (2) 
are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access. Text in this section appearing in italics 
does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the " Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services Market Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuers wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, 
in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 106 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 106 - 
47-41048211 
 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the 
"SFA") - Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the 
Issuers have determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the 
Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[CREDITO EMILIANO S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a Societa per Azioni in the Republic of Italy with its registered office at 
[●])] 
[and] 
[CREDITO EMILIANO HOLDING S.P.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a Società per Azioni in the Republic of Italy with its registered office at 
[●])] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 10 March 2023 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]][, which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].] Full information on 
the Issuers and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement dated [●]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] [is/are] available for 
viewing at the registered office[s] of the Issuers at [●]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] and, in the case 
of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will also be 
published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.) 
1. 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
Date on which the Notes become fungible 
Not Applicable / The Notes will be consolidated, form 
a single Series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with (identify earlier Tranches) on [the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in Paragraph [30] below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]]

--- Page 107 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 107 - 
47-41048211 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●] (insert date, if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up 
to and including [●]. No Notes in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above [●].] 
 
 
(Unless Paragraph 29 (Form of Notes) below 
specifies that the Global Note is to be exchanged for 
Definitive Notes "in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note", Notes may 
only be issued in denominations which are integral 
multiples of the minimum denomination and may only 
be traded in such amounts, whether in global or 
definitive form. Where Paragraph 29 (Form of Notes) 
does so specify, Notes may be issued in denominations 
of €100,000 and higher integral multiples of €1,000 
up to a maximum of €199,000, as applicable). 
(In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Notes 
must have a minimum denomination of €150,000 (or 
equivalent) and in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€200,000 (or equivalent)) or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time 
to time. 
 
(i) 
Specified Minimum Amounts: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Increments: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[●]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] (specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in the relevant month and year) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 108 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 108 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
 
[Inflation-Linked] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Fixed-Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Floating-Fixed Rate] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below under items 
10/13/14/15/16/17/18/19/20/21) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Inflation-Linked] 
10. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
(Specify the date when any fixed or floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to Paragraphs 13 and 
14 below and identify there) [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in Paragraph 19 below)] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Regulatory Call] 
[Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event] 
[Issuer Call – Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below under items 21 
22/23/24/25)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Notes//Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[[●] [and [●], respectively]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in 
arrear]

--- Page 109 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 109 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
[adjusted in accordance with (specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day")/[not 
adjusted]] 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of any 
long or short coupons.) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.05 
being rounded upwards.] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date [in/on] [●] / [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether EURIBOR or CMS is the appropriate 
reference rate) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and consequently, also adjusts the 
length of the Interest Period and the amount of 
interest due)). In relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders are entitled to receive payment of 
interest, see also Condition 11(g) (Payments on 
business days) and the defined term "Payment 
Business Day". 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s)  
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 110 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 110 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
(For example, EURIBOR)/ / [CMS Reference 
Rate/Leveraged CMS Reference Rate/Steepener 
CMS Reference Rate: [Unleveraged/Leveraged]] 
 
 
Reference Currency: [●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: [●]/[The CMS Rate having a 
Designated Maturity of [●] shall be CMS Rate 1 and 
the CMS Rate having a Designated Maturity of [●] 
shall be CMS Rate 2] 
 
 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS Rate) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings 
and captions) 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is Euro): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 system is open prior to the start of each 
interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than Euro): [Second (specify type 
of day) prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
(For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the Euro)) 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
• 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Floor means [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Leverage means [●] per cent.] 
 
• 
Provisions relating to 
the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event in 
case 
of 
Benchmark 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] (The Floating Rate Option should be selected 
from one of EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) and EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) (each as defined in the ISDA

--- Page 111 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 111 - 
47-41048211 
 
Definitions). These are the options envisaged by the 
terms and conditions.) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] / /[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iii) above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period. In the case of a CMS Linked 
Interest Note, if based on Euro then the first day of 
each Interest Period and if otherwise to be checked) 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum [/ Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[30E/360 – or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [●], then 
calculated in accordance with Paragraph 14 above.] 
16. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[(Floating Rate)] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
ending on (but excluding) [●], then calculated in 
accordance with Paragraph 13 above.] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 112 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 112 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
(Consider whether it is necessary to specify a Day 
Count Fraction for the purposes of Condition 10(j) 
(Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) 
18. 
Inflation-Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index: 
[[CPI/RPI/HICP]] 
 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor 
[●] (Specify the relevant Index Sponsor) 
 
(iii) 
Index Factor 
[●] (Specify the relevant Index Factor) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) 
(not to be named as the Fiscal Agent 
or Citibank Europe plc): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(v) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts the 
length of the Interest Period and the amount of 
interest due). In relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders are entitled to receive payment of 
interest, see also Condition 10(h) and 10(o) 
(Payments on business days) and the defined term 
"Payment Business Day".) 
 
(ix) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Margin 
[●] [insert Margin per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 113 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 113 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) 
Commencement Date of the Index: 
[●] (indicate the relevant commencement month of the 
retail price index) 
 
(xv) 
Reference Month (final reference 
date): 
[●] 
 
(xvi) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
(xvii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
The Related Bond is: [●] [Fallback Bond] 
 
 
The Issuer of the Related Bond is: [●] 
 
(xviii) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Condition 8]/[specify other] 
 
(xx) 
End Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
 
(xxi) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(xxii) 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(xxiii) 
Where information about the index 
can 
be 
obtained, 
including 
an 
indication of where information about 
the past and the future performance of 
that underlying and its volatility can 
be obtained by electronic means, and 
whether or not it can be obtained free 
of charge: 
[●][This information can be obtained free of 
charge]/[This information cannot be obtained free of 
charge] 
19. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. To be completed in addition to Paragraphs 13 
and 14 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or 
fixed reset rate change occurs) 
 
(i) 
Switch Options: 
[Applicable] – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. The Issuers must give notice of the exercise of 
the Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 on or prior to the relevant Switch 
Option Expiry Date)

--- Page 114 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 114 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
(ii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[●] 
20. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [●]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX1]/[ISDAFIX2]/[ISDAFIX3]/ 
[ISDAFIX4]/[ISDAFIX5]/[ISDAFIX6]/[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Original 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 115 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 115 - 
47-41048211 
 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(xvi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
 
(xvii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(xviii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
 
(xix) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuers and the Fiscal Agent.) 
22. 
Clean-Up Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Note / [●] 
23. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 116 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 116 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuers and the 
Fiscal Agent.)] 
24. 
Regulatory Call 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuers and the Fiscal Agent.) 
25. 
Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuers and the Fiscal Agent.) 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Inflation-Linked 
Note] (for Inflation-Linked Notes, to be determined 
in accordance with Condition 8(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions (Inflation-Linked Note)) 
 
(i) 
For Inflation-Linked Notes: 
[100% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes]/[[YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for Tax Event or 
Regulatory 
Event 
or 
MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] per Calculation Amount]/[As 
per Condition 10(b)] 
[See also Paragraph 24 (Regulatory Call)] (Delete this 
cross-reference unless the Notes are Subordinated 
Notes and the Regulatory Call is applicable) 
[See also Paragraph 25 (Issuer Call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event)] (Delete this cross-reference 
unless the Notes are Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Issuer Call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event is applicable)

--- Page 117 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 117 - 
47-41048211 
 
28. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 60 days' notice at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 60 days' notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 60 days' notice at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]. 
 
 
(In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
"exchangeable to Definitive Notes" in circumstances 
other than "in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Global Note", such Notes may only be issued in 
denominations equal to or greater than, €100,000 or, 
at the option of the Issuers.) 
30. 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes/No] 
31. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
32. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuers: 
By:…………………………………………………….. 
Duly authorised 
By:…………………………………………………….. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 118 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 118 - 
47-41048211 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to listing on [the regulated market of the 
Euronext Dublin] with effect from [●].] /[Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Euronext Dublin] with effect from [●].]/[Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission for trading 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The 
Notes 
to 
be 
issued 
[[have 
been]/[are 
expected]/[are not expected]] to be rated: 
 
 
[S & P's: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[DBRS: [●]] 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.) 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the EEA:) 
 
 
[[(Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating)] is established in the EEA and 
[is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither 
registered nor has it applied f or registration] under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"). [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation

--- Page 119 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 119 - 
47-41048211 
 
(EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and [is included in the list 
of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither 
registered nor has it applied f or registration] under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is not established in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK [but the rating it has given to the Notes to

--- Page 120 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 120 - 
47-41048211 
 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]]. / [but is certified under [Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation")][and][Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")] / [and is not certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement) 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuers are aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)

--- Page 121 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 121 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
 
See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus.] 
(If use of proceeds is different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, will need to include those use 
of proceeds here.) 
(To be used in case of issuance by Credem Holding) 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of 
the Notes will be down-streamed by the Issuer to 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. by subscribing a [●] bond 
which is intended to qualify on a standalone and 
consolidated basis of Credito Emiliano S.p.A. as [●] 
[for regulatory capital purposes].] 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social 
Assets are not relevant. Otherwise, insert the details 
below, to the extent known at the date of the Final 
Terms.) 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer to finance or refinance, in whole or in 
part, 
[Eligible 
Green 
Assets/Eligible 
Social 
Assets/Eligible Green Assets and Eligible Social 
Assets]. Capitalised terms shown below have the 
meaning given to them in the section of the Base 
Prospectus entitled "Use of Proceeds".] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only] YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Calculated as (include details of method of 
calculation in summary form) on the Issue Date.] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes only] HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●]

--- Page 122 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 122 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI 
[[●] See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable] 
 
FISN 
[[●] See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
Luxembourg 
(the 
"ICSDs") as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
 
(Include this text if "Yes" selected, in which case the 
Notes must be issued in New Global Notes form) 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV [,/and] Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme and the relevant identification 
numbers: 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and number(s))] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s)(if any): 
[●]/[Not applicable] 
 
Deemed delivery of clearing system notices for 
the purposes of Condition 20: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system.

--- Page 123 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 123 - 
47-41048211 
 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
 
(B) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
 (C) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/(give name and addresses)] 
 
 (D) 
[Names and addresses of 
entities which have a firm 
commitment 
to 
act 
as 
intermediaries in secondary 
trading providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main 
terms of their commitment:] 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S compliance category: [●] 
 
 
[TEFRA D] 
 
 
[TEFRA C] 
 
 
[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 124 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 124 - 
47-41048211 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not Notes to 
be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access and which have a denomination of less 
than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing 
in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
Further information related to Inflation-Linked Notes is contained in ANNEX 1 (Further information related to 
Inflation-Linked Notes) below. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the " Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services Market Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPS target market - Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients 
and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate except for pure execution 
services for the latter and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate, 
including; investment advice, portfolio management and execution with appropriateness, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into 
 
2 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared or the Issuers wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors 
for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 125 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 125 - 
47-41048211 
 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPS target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients and retail clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate except for pure execution services for the latter; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate, including; investment advice, 
portfolio management and execution with appropriateness, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR, as applicable. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the 
"SFA") - Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the 
Issuers have determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the 
Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[CREDITO EMILIANO S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a Societa per Azioni in the Republic of Italy with its registered office at 
[●])] 
[and] 
[CREDITO EMILIANO HOLDING S.P.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a Società per Azioni in the Republic of Italy with its registered office at 
[●])] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme

--- Page 126 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 126 - 
47-41048211 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 10 March 2023 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]][, which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].] Full information on 
the Issuers and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement dated [●]]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] [is/are] available for 
viewing at the registered office[s] of the Issuers at [●]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] and, in the case 
of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the applicable Final Terms will also be 
published on the website of the Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.) 
1. 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
Date on which the Notes become fungible 
Not Applicable / The Notes will be consolidated, form 
a single Series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in Paragraph [30] below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●] (insert date, if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof up 
to and including [●]. No Notes in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above [●].] 
 
 
(Unless Paragraph 29 (Form of Notes) below specifies 
that the Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive 
Notes "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in 
such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. 
Where Paragraph 29 (Form of Notes) does so specify, 
Notes may be issued in denominations of €100,000 and 
higher integral multiples of €1,000 up to a maximum 
of €199,000, as applicable). 
(In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Notes must 
have a minimum denomination of €150,000 (or

--- Page 127 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 127 - 
47-41048211 
 
equivalent) and in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of €200,000 
(or equivalent)) or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time. 
 
(i) 
Specified Minimum Amounts: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Increments: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[●]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] (specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in the relevant month and year) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Inflation-Linked] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Fixed-Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Floating-Fixed Rate] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below under items 
[10/13/14/15/16/17/18/19/20/21]) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Inflation-Linked] 
10. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
(Specify the date when any fixed or floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to Paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there) [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in Paragraph 19 below)] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Regulatory Call]

--- Page 128 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 128 - 
47-41048211 
 
[Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event] 
[Issuer Call – Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below under items 21 
22/23/24/25)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Notes//Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[[●] [and [●], respectively]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
[adjusted in accordance with (specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day")/[not 
adjusted]] 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of any 
long or short coupons.) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product 
of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by 
the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.05 being 
rounded upwards.] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date [in/on] [●] / [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-Paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether EURIBOR or CMS is the appropriate 
reference rate)

--- Page 129 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 129 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and consequently, also adjusts the 
length of the Interest Period and the amount of interest 
due)). In relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders are entitled to receive payment of interest, 
see also Condition 11(g) (Payments on business days) 
and the defined term "Payment Business Day". 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Name and address of party responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s) 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
(For example, EURIBOR)/ / [CMS Reference 
Rate/Leveraged CMS Reference Rate/Steepener CMS 
Reference Rate: [Unleveraged/Leveraged]] 
 
 
Reference Currency: [●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: [●]/[The CMS Rate having a 
Designated Maturity of [●] shall be CMS Rate 1 and 
the CMS Rate having a Designated Maturity of [●] 
shall be CMS Rate 2] 
 
 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS Rate) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is Euro): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 system is open prior to the start of each 
interest Period]

--- Page 130 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 130 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than Euro): [Second (specify type of 
day) prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
(For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the Euro)) 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[●] 
 
• 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Floor means [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Leverage means [●] per cent.] 
 
• 
Provisions relating to 
the occurrence of a 
Regulatory 
Event 
in 
case 
of 
Benchmark 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] (The Floating Rate Option should be selected from 
one of EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) and EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) (each as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions). These are the options envisaged by the 
terms and conditions.) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] / /[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iii) above and as specified in the 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period. In the case of a CMS Linked 
Interest Note, if based on Euro then the first day of 
each Interest Period and if otherwise to be checked) 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum [/ Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]

--- Page 131 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 131 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[30E/360 – or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [●], then 
calculated in accordance with Paragraph 14 above.] 
16. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[(Floating Rate)] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
ending on (but excluding) [●], then calculated in 
accordance with Paragraph 13 above.] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-Paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
(Consider whether it is necessary to specify a Day 
Count Fraction for the purposes of Condition 10(j) 
(Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) 
18. 
Inflation-Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
Paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index: 
[[CPI/RPI/HICP]] 
 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor 
[●] (Specify the relevant Index Sponsor) 
 
(iii) 
Index Factor 
[●] (Specify the relevant Index Factor) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Name and address of party responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (not to be 
named as the Fiscal Agent or Citibank 
Europe plc): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent

--- Page 132 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 132 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
(v) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts the 
length of the Interest Period and the amount of interest 
due). In relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders are entitled to receive payment of interest, 
see also Condition 10(h) and 10(o) (Payments on 
business days) and the defined term "Payment 
Business Day".) 
 
(ix) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Margin 
[●] [insert Margin per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) 
Commencement Date of the Index: 
[●] (indicate the relevant commencement month of the 
retail price index) 
 
(xv) 
Reference Month (final reference 
date): 
[●] 
 
(xvi) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
(xvii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
The Related Bond is: [●] [Fallback Bond] 
 
 
The Issuer of the Related Bond is: [●] 
 
(xviii) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Condition 8]/[specify other] 
 
(xx) 
End Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
 
(xxi) 
Trade Date: 
[●]

--- Page 133 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 133 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
(xxii) 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for Additional Disruption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(xxiii) 
Where information about the index can 
be obtained, including an indication of 
where information about the past and 
the 
future 
performance 
of 
that 
underlying and its volatility can be 
obtained by electronic means, and 
whether or not it can be obtained free 
of charge: 
[●][This information can be obtained free of charge] 
/[This information cannot be obtained free of charge] 
19. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
Paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. To be completed in addition to Paragraphs 13 
and 14 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or fixed 
reset rate change occurs) 
 
(i) 
Switch Options: 
[Applicable] – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. The Issuers must give notice of the exercise of 
the Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 on or prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date) 
 
(ii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[●] 
20. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
Paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [●]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●]

--- Page 134 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 134 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX1]/[ISDAFIX2]/[ISDAFIX3]/ 
[ISDAFIX4]/[ISDAFIX5]/[ISDAFIX6]/[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Original 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(xvi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
 
(xvii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(xviii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
 
(xix) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-Paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) 
and 
method, 
if any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 135 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 135 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuers and the Fiscal Agent.) 
22. 
Clean-Up Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-Paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Note / [●] 
23. 
[Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-Paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuers and the Fiscal 
Agent.)] 
24. 
Regulatory Call 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuers and the Fiscal Agent.)

--- Page 136 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 136 - 
47-41048211 
 
25. 
Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuers are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuers and the Fiscal Agent.) 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Inflation-Linked Note] 
(for Inflation-Linked Notes, to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 8(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions (Inflation-Linked Note)) 
(i) 
For Inflation-Linked Notes: 
[100% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes]/[[YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for Tax Event or 
Regulatory 
Event 
or 
MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] per Calculation Amount]/[As 
per Condition 10(b)] 
[See also Paragraph 24 (Regulatory Call)] (Delete this 
cross-reference unless the Notes are Subordinated 
Notes and the Regulatory Call is applicable) 
[See also Paragraph 25 (Issuer Call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event)] (Delete this cross-reference 
unless the Notes are Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Issuer Call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event is applicable) 
28. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 60 days' notice at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 60 days' notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 60 days' notice at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]. 
 
 
(In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
"exchangeable to Definitive Notes" in circumstances 
other than "in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Global Note", such Notes may only be issued in

--- Page 137 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 137 - 
47-41048211 
 
denominations equal to or greater than, €100,000 or, 
at the option of the Issuers.) 
30. 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes/No] 
31. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
32. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made/No] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuers: 
By:…………………………………………………….. 
Duly authorised 
By:…………………………………………………….. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 138 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 138 - 
47-41048211 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to listing on [the regulated market of the 
Euronext Dublin] with effect from [●].] /[Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Euronext 
Dublin] 
with 
effect 
from 
[●].]/[Not 
Applicable.] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission for trading 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected]/[are 
not expected]] to be rated: 
 
 
[S & P's: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[DBRS: [●]] 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the EEA:) 
 
 
[[(Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating)] is established in the EEA and 
[is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered 
nor has it applied f or registration] under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). [The rating [Insert legal name of

--- Page 139 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 139 - 
47-41048211 
 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and [is included in the list of registered credit 
rating agencies published on the website of the 
European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither registered 
nor has it applied f or registration] under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is not established in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom:)

--- Page 140 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 140 - 
47-41048211 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK [but the rating it has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation")]]. / [but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA 
Regulation")][and][Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")] / 
[and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.]] 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the United Kingdom which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement)

--- Page 141 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 141 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuers are aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests) 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus.) 
(If use of proceeds is different from what is disclosed in 
the Base Prospectus, will need to include those use of 
proceeds here.) 
(To be used in case of issuance by Credem Holding) 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the 
Notes will be down-streamed by the Issuer to Credito 
Emiliano S.p.A. by subscribing a [●] bond which is 
intended to qualify on a standalone and consolidated 
basis of Credito Emiliano S.p.A. as [●] [for regulatory 
capital purposes].] 
(Delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social 
Assets are not relevant. Otherwise, insert the details 
below, to the extent known at the date of the Final 
Terms.) 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
[Eligible Green Assets/Eligible Social Assets/Eligible 
Green Assets and Eligible Social Assets]. Capitalised 
terms shown below have the meaning given to them in 
the section of the Base Prospectus entitled "Use of 
Proceeds".] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only] YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Calculated as (include details of method of calculation 
in summary form) on the Issue Date.]

--- Page 142 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 142 - 
47-41048211 
 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes only] HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI 
[[●] See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable] 
 
FISN 
[[●] See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. Luxembourg (the "ICSDs") as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
 
(Include this text if "Yes" selected, in which case the 
Notes must be issued in New Global Notes form) 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV [,/and] Clearstream Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification numbers: 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and number(s))] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s)(if any): 
[●]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 143 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 143 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
Deemed delivery of clearing system notices 
for the purposes of Condition 20: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given on 
the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
 
(B) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
 
(C) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/(give name and addresses)] 
 
 
[(D) 
Names and addresses of 
entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as 
intermediaries 
in 
secondary 
trading 
providing 
liquidity 
through bid and offer 
rates and description of 
the main terms of their 
commitment:] 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(iii) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S compliance category: [●] 
 
 
[TEFRA D] 
 
 
[TEFRA C] 
 
 
[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
[Non-exempt Offer [where there is 
no exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a prospectus]: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of 
this Paragraph (v) and also Paragraph 9 below) 
 
(A) 
Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the issuer 
intends to make Non-exempt Offers] 
 
(B) 
Financial intermediaries 
granted specific consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)/Not Applicable]

--- Page 144 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 144 - 
47-41048211 
 
accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
 
(C) 
General Consent: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Other authorised offeror 
terms conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable) 
(Consider any local regulatory requirements necessary 
to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a non-exempt 
offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such offer should be 
made in any relevant jurisdiction until those 
requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers may 
only be made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus 
(and 
any 
supplement) 
has 
been 
notified/passported.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
9. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
(Whole section not to be completed if sub-Paragraph 8(v) above is specified to be Not Applicable 
because there is no Non-exempt Offer) 
 
(i) 
Offer Period: 
[●] to [●] 
 
(ii) 
Offer Amount: 
[●] [provided that, during the Offer Period, the Issuer 
will be entitled [(following consultation with the 
relevant Dealer(s)[Distributor(s))] to increase such 
Offer Amount up to [●]] [provided [further] that, during 
the Offer Period the Issuer will be entitled [(following 
consultation 
with 
the 
relevant 
Dealer(s) 
[Distributor(s)])] to extend the length of the Offer 
Period]. The Issuer [and the relevant Dealer(s) 
[Distributor(s)]] shall forthwith give notice of any such 
[increase] [and/or] [extension] pursuant to Condition 
20 (Notices) of the Conditions and comply with any 
applicable laws and regulations.] [specify] 
 
(iii) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price]/[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(iv) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]

--- Page 145 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 145 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
(v) 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(vi) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(vii) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(viii) 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(ix) 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(x) 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(xi) 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(xii) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[None]/[●]

--- Page 146 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 146 - 
47-41048211 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus, relating to the relevant Tranche of Notes, either: 
(a) 
for general funding purposes of the Issuers, or 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets, as defined 
below. 
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the ICMA Social Bond Principles and the ICMA 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines (the "ICMA Principles"), only Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green 
Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets, and complying with the relevant eligibility criteria and any other criteria set 
out in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined below) and which, prior to the relevant 
Issue 
Date, 
will 
be 
available 
in 
the 
investor 
relations 
section 
of 
Credem's 
website 
at 
https://www.credem.it/content/credem/en/credem-group/sostenibilita.html (the "Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework") (including as amended, restated or otherwise updated on such website from time to time) will 
be classified as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or, as the case may be, Sustainability Bonds. 
A second party consultant appointed by the Issuer has reviewed the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework and has issued a second party opinion assessing the alignment of the Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework with the ICMA Principles (the "Second Party Opinion"). 
For the purposes of this section: 
"Eligible Green Assets" means projects identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; 
"Eligible Social Assets" means projects identified as such in the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion 
are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 147 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 147 - 
47-41048211 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
The information set out in this Base Prospectus in relation to the Issuers have been derived from, and should be 
read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Credem as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing Article 9 of 
Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and independent auditors' report (the "Credem 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements"), which can be found on the website of Credem at the following link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relations/Finan
cials/2020/2020%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements.pdf; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Credem Holding as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2020, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing Article 
9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and independent auditors' report (the "Credem Holding 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements"), which can be found on the website of Credem Holding at the following link:  
https://Credem Holding.it/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/2020_Financial_Statements_Credem Holding-
1.pdf; 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Credem as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing Article 9 of 
Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and independent auditors' report (the "Credem 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements"), which can be found on the website of Credem at the following link:  
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relations/Finan
cials/2021/2021%20Consolidated%20Financial%20Statements.pdf; 
(d) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Credem Holding as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing Article 
9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and independent auditors' report (the "Credem Holding 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements"), which can be found on the website of Credem Holding at the following link: 
https://Credem Holding.it/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/2021_Financial_Statements.pdf; 
(e) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Credem for the six months ended 30 June 2021, 
prepared in accordance with prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and together with the accompanying 
notes and independent auditors' report (the "Credem 1H21 Financial Statements"), which can be found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Credem 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relations/Finan
cials/2021/Semestrale%20al%2030%2006%202021_ENG%20def.pdf; 
(f) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Credem for the six months ended 30 June 2022, 
prepared in accordance with prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and together with the accompanying 
notes and independent auditors' report (the "Credem 1H22 Financial Statements"), which can be found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Credem 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relations/Finan
cials/2022/1H22%20Financial%20Report.pdf; 
(g) 
"the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Credem as at 30 September 2022, which can be found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Credem 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Investor_Relations/EN_Investor_Relations/Finan
cials/2022/ADDITIONAL%20PERIODIC%20FINANCIAL%20DISCLOSURE%2009-2022.pdf; 
(the 
"Credem 3Q22 Financial Statements"); 
(h) 
the press release dated 10 November 2022 of consolidated financial results of Credem Holding as at 30 
September 2022, which can be found on the website of Credem Holding at the following link: 
https://Credem 
Holding.it/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/CREDEM

--- Page 148 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 148 - 
47-41048211 
 
HOLDING__9M22_results_approved._Net_income_at_E172_million-2.pdf; (the "Press Release of 
Credem Holding 9M22 Financial Results"); 
(i) 
the press release dated 6 February 2023 of consolidated financial results of Credem as at and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 which can be found on the website of Credem at the following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Sala_Stampa/en_sala_stampa/press-
releases/in-
corso/2023/CREDEM,%202022%20preliminary%20results%20-%20net%20profit%20at%20317%20mi
llion;%20dividend%20of%20%E2%82%AC0.33%20per%20share.pdf (the "Press Release of Credem 
FY22 Financial Results"); 
(j) 
the press release dated 8 February 2023 on Credem's capital requirements which can be found at the 
following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Sala_Stampa/en_sala_stampa/press-releases/in-
corso/2023/CREDEM%20confirmed%20as%20the%20soundest%20commercial%20Bank%20in%20Eu
rope.pdf (the "SREP Decision – Press Release"); 
(k) 
the press release dated 11 May 2022 on the early redemption of €100,000,000 tier 2 notes due July 2027 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/Sala_Stampa/en_sala_stampa/press-releases/in-
corso/2022/Notice%20of%20redemption%20-
%20CREDEM%20early%20redeems%20its%20%E2%82%AC100,000,000%20Tier%202%20notes%2
0due%20july%202027.pdf (the "Notice of Redemption T2 – Press Release"), 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding copies of the above-mentioned consolidated financial statements 
will be made available at the registered office of the Issuers free of charge.

--- Page 149 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 149 - 
47-41048211 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CREDITO EMILIANO HOLDING S.P.A. 
Introduction and History 
Credem Holding was incorporated in Italy as a joint stock company (società per azioni) under the provisions of the 
Italian Civil Code on 5 May 1910 and is registered in the company register of Reggio Emilia under number 
00168990356. Article 4 of Credem Holding's bylaws provides for the duration of Credem Holding until 31 
December 2050. Its corporate objects, as set out in Article 3 of the bylaws, are to carry out, exclusively and not with 
respect to the public at large, financial activities, in particular the acquisition of equity in companies and/or entities 
already incorporated or in the process of being incorporated. Its registered office is at Via Emilia San Pietro, 4, 
42121 Reggio Emilia, Italy, and its investor relations telephone number is + 39 0522 583076/583741. Credem 
Holding's website is www.credemholding.it. The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
On 1 January 1993, following the reorganisation of the regulation of credit institutions with the enactment of 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 January 1993, the banking group "Credito Emiliano – Credem" was formally created. 
Credem Holding is the financial non-operating holding company of Credem, which is the parent company of the 
Credem Group. For further information on Credem and the Credem Group, please refer to "Introduction and 
History" under section "Description of Credito Emiliano S.p.A." below. 
According to Directive 2002/87/EC, Credem Holding is both a mixed financial holding company and the parent 
undertaking of a financial conglomerate comprising entities operating in both the banking and insurance sectors. 
Credem Holding is not part of the Credem banking group. 
In accordance with its bylaws, Credem Holding cannot exercise management and coordination over the Credem 
Group. Credem Holding's direct subsidiary, Credem, is a separate and distinct legal entity, and has no obligation to 
pay any amounts due to holders of Notes or to provide Credem Holding with funds to meet any of its payment 
obligations. 
Credem Holding, as a mixed financial holding company and the controlling entity of a financial conglomerate, is 
covered by the perimeter of consolidation of the Credem Group and, thus, is subject to a supplementary supervision 
level, as laid down by the FICOD (as defined below) and the Consolidated Banking Act, to the extent applicable. 
The following sections provide an illustration of: (i) selected financial information of Credem Holding on an 
unconsolidated basis, comprising financial information deriving from the unconsolidated financial statements of 
Credem Holding as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020; and (ii) selected financial information of Credem 
Holding on a consolidated basis, comprising financial information deriving from the consolidated financial 
statements of Credem Holding as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
The following sections also provide a description of the business of Credem Holding and its consolidated 
subsidiaries (together, the Accounting Group). Investors should note that Credem Holding's business is that of a 
financial non-operating holding company and its main sources of operating funds are the dividends distributions, 
interest payments and any advances it receives from Credem and its other operating subsidiaries and the amounts 
raised through the issuance of debt instruments. Credem Holding is not part of the Credem Group. Banking, financial 
or insurance activities mentioned herein are carried out by certain subsidiaries of the Accounting Group, but not by 
Credem Holding. The Accounting Group has been created for accounting consolidation purposes only and does not 
constitute an integrated business group. 
Credem Holding's Rating 
The credit rating assigned to Credem Holding is: 
• 
Local and foreign currency long term issuer rating: Ba1 (Moody's).

--- Page 150 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 150 - 
47-41048211 
 
Separate Financial Highlights of Credem Holding (on unconsolidated basis) 
The following table shows selected financial information (on unconsolidated basis) as at 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020: 
 
31 December 
 
 
€ millions 
2021 
2020 
Total assets 
998.4 
986.1 
Total liabilities 
220.5 
226.4 
Shareholders' equity 
777.9 
759.8 
Profit (loss)  
50.4 
(0.0) 
Total Assets of Credem Holding 
The table below sets forth part of the composition of the separate total assets of Credem Holding as at 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
31 December 
 
 
 
€ millions 
2021 
2020 
Cash and equivalents 
4.5 
4.5 
Financial assets designated at fair value 
42.1 
40.8 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
199.7 
199.7 
Equity investments 
731.6 
712.4 
Tax Assets 
0.1 
21.6 
Other assets 
20.3 
7.1 
Total assets 
998.4 
986.1 
Bonds and Securities Portfolio 
As of 31 December 2021, the value of Credem Holding's bond and securities portfolio amounted to €241,838 
thousand, compared to €240,471 thousand recorded as at 31 December 2020. 
The following table provides a breakdown of Credem Holding's bond and securities portfolio by book value as at 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
31 December 
 
 
 
€ thousands 
2021 
2020 
Debt securities  
199,727 
199,679 
Units of UCITS 
42,111 
40,792 
Total bond and securities portfolio  
241,838 
240,471 
Cash & Cash and equivalents 
At solo level, Cash & cash and equivalents totalled €4,535 million as at 31 December 2021, compared to €4,473 
million as at 31 December 2020, broken down by type as set out in the table below: 
 
31 December 
 
 
 
€ thousands 
2021 
2020 
Bank accounts and demand deposits 
4,535 
4,473 
Total 
4,535 
4,473 
Equity Investments 
Equity Investments totalled €731.6 million as at 31 December 2021, compared to €712.4 million as at 31 
December 2020.

--- Page 151 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 151 - 
47-41048211 
 
The following table provides a breakdown of Credem Holding's equity investments by book value as at 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
31 December 
 
 
 
€ millions 
2021 
2020 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
731.6 
712.4 
Total 
731.6 
712.4 
 
Credem Holding held 77.5%% of Credem as at 31 December 2021. The carrying value as at 31 December 2021 
was of €2.76 per share. 
Total Liabilities 
The table below sets forth the composition of Credem Holding's total liabilities (on unconsolidated basis) as at 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
31 December 
 
 
 
€ millions 
2021 
2020 
Debt Securities 
199.7 
199.7 
Tax liabilities 
13.9 
0 
of which current 
13.9 
0 
Other liabilities 
6.8 
26.7 
Total liabilities 
220.5 
226.4 
LEI 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Credem Holding is 815600AD83B2B6317788. 
Principal Markets 
Credem Holding is the financial holding company of the Accounting Group and the main sources of operating funds 
for Credem Holding are the dividends, distributions, interest payments and any advances it receives from its 
operating subsidiaries and the amounts raised through the issuance of debt instruments. 
The core business of the Accounting Group is (i) commercial and private banking, hence the distribution of financial 
products and the provision of services to the Accounting Group's retail and corporate customers and (ii) wealth 
management. Commercial banking relates to the distribution of financial products and the provision of services to 
the Accounting Group's retail and corporate customers, with the wealth management focusing on the management 
of mutual investment funds, SICAV investment funds, asset management, and private equity. Credem is active in 
all areas of domestic retail and commercial banking and also operates, through its subsidiaries, in mutual fund 
management, leasing, factoring and insurance. 
Business Overview 
As at 31 December 2021, the Accounting Group's operating income amounted to €1,337.7 million (as disclosed in 
its consolidated income statement). 
The Accounting Group's principal activities are: commercial and private banking and wealth management. 
Commercial and private Banking 
Commercial banking activities are conducted by Credem and certain other subsidiaries of the Accounting Group, 
namely: Credemleasing S.p.A. ("Credemleasing"), Credemfactor S.p.A. ("Credemfactor"), Avvera S.p.A. 
("Avvera") and Credem – Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. ("Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking"). 
As at 31 December 2021, Credem contributed €194.3 million (55.2%) to the Accounting Group's net profit, 
compared to €97.3 million (48.3%) as at 31 December 2020. 
Wealth Management

--- Page 152 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 152 - 
47-41048211 
 
Asset management activities of the Accounting Group are managed through Euromobiliare Asset Management 
SGR S.p.A. ("Euromobiliare Asset Management"), Credem Private Equity SGR S.p.A. ("Credem Private 
Equity"), Euromobiliare Advisory SIM (Investment Firm) and Credemvita S.p.A. ("Credemvita"). As at 31 
December 2021, the Accounting Group recorded €43,960 million in customer assets under management and 
insurance reserves, €8,665 million of which was in insurance reserves, managed through Credemvita. 
Financial Highlights of the Accounting Group (on consolidated basis) 
The following table shows consolidated selected financial information as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020: 
 
31 December 
 
 
 
€ millions 
2021 
2020 
Total assets 
67,643.8 
56,717.8 
Total liabilities 
64,891.3 
54,183.3 
Accounting Group shareholders' Equity 
2,752.4 
2,534.5 
Profit (loss)  
349.7 
201,9 
Parent Company's profit (loss)  
270.4 
158.6 
Share Capital of Credem Holding 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the authorised share capital of Credem Holding was €49,436,553 and the 
issued share capital was €49,436,553, divided into 16,478,851 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €3.00 each. 
As at the same date, the share capital was fully paid-up. 
Organisational structure of the Accounting Group 
The following diagram shows the organisation of the Accounting Group as of 31 December 2022.

--- Page 153 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 153 - 
47-41048211 
 
Scope of Consolidation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDITO 
 
 
 
 
 
EMILIANO HOLDING 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDITO 
EMILIANO 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
78.83% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDEM 
EUROMOBILIARE 
PRIVATE BANKING 
 
 
CREDEMLEASING 
 
100% 
 
 
MAGAZZINI 
GENERALI DELLE 
TAGLIATE 
 
 
CREDEM 
ASSICURAZIONI 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
50% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDEMFACTOR 
 
 
CREDEMTEL 
 
 
ANDXOR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
100% 
 
 
40% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AVVERA 
 
 
CREDEMVITA 
 
 
SBC FINTECH 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MILAN 2224 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
100% 
 
 
19.96% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDEM 
 
 
SATA 
 
 
GRUPPO 
 
 
 
 
PRIVATE EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
SANTAMARIA 
 
 
 
 
SGR 
 
 
100% 
 
 
10% 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EUROMOBILIARE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSET 
 
 
BLUE EYE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
S.G.R. 
 
 
75% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EUROMOBILIARE 
 
 
CREDEM CB 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ADVISORY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SIM 
 
 
70% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EUROMOBILIARE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FIDUCIARIA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes: 
The percentages refer to directly or indirectly exercisable voting rights 
the highlighted equity investments are valued under the equity method.

--- Page 154 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 154 - 
47-41048211 
 
Equity investments in subsidiaries and associated companies (consolidated under the equity method) 
Company Names 
Registered 
Office 
Type of 
relationship** 
Shareholding Ratio 
Investing Company 
% 
A. Companies 
  
 
 
 
A. 1 Consolidated line-by-line 
  
 
 
 
1. Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano Holding 
78.83% 
2. Credemleasing S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
99.90% 
 
 
 
Magazzini Generali delle 
Tagliate 
0.10% 
3. Credemfactor S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
99.00% 
 
 
 
Credemleasing 
1.00% 
4. Credem Private Equity SGR S.p.A. Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
87.50% 
 
 
 
Credem Euromobiliare 
Private Banking 
12.50% 
5. Euromobiliare Asset Management 
SGR S.p.A. 
Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
6. Euromobiliare Advisory SIM 
S.p.A. 
Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
7. Credemtel S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
8. Avvera S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
9. Magazzini Generali delle Tagliate 
S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
10. Credem Euromobiliare Private 
Banking S.p.A. 
Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
11. Euromobiliare Fiduciaria S.p.A. Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
12. Credemvita S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
13. Sata S.r.l. 
Modena 
1 
Credemtel 
100.00% 
14. Blue Eye Solutions S.r.l. 
Montechiarugo
lo 
3 
Credemtel 
75.00% 
15. Credem CB S.r.l. 
Conegliano 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
70.00% 
A. 2 Consolidated using the equity method   
  
  
  
1. Credemassicurazioni S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
2 
Credito Emiliano 
50.00% 
2. Andxor S.r.l. 
Cinisello 
Balsamo 
3 
Credemtel 
40.00% 
3. SBC Fintech Milan 2224 S.r.l 
Milan 
3 
Cedemtel 
19.96% 
4. Gruppo Santamaria S.p.A. 
Catania 
3 
Avvera 
10.00% 
(**) Type of Relationship: 
1 = majority of the voting rights of ordinary shareholders' meeting 
2 = joint control 
3 = associated companies 
Strategy of the Accounting Group 
The Accounting Group's strategy focuses on value creation, and since 1990 this has been developed over time 
through different phases, as detailed below. 
• 
1990–1999: External growth through the acquisition of more than 30 small banks and Euromobiliare 
Group from Midland Bank. 
• 
2000–2003: Internal growth through divisionalisation, the opening of new branches and the creation of 
corporate centres, achieving sizeable market share increases. 
• 
2004–2006: Focus on profitability by capitalising on the recent expansion of the Accounting Group and 
continuing to increase its market share. 
• 
2006-2008: Focus on profitability by strengthening the role of the core businesses and maintaining volume 
increases above market average.

--- Page 155 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 155 - 
47-41048211 
 
• 
2009-2012: Facing the global crisis by lowering the Accounting Group's risk profile both in terms of 
market and credit risks while increasing the Accounting Group's focus on its commercial banking business, 
capital ratios soundness and organisation efficiency. 
• 
2013 - ongoing: Taking advantage of a restructuring banking system while facing regulatory changes by 
achieving a sizeable market share increase, both on lending and on direct and indirect deposits, investing 
in new technologies and commercial network while banking system still faces the consequences of a multi-
years economic recession. In the meantime, the Accounting Group has implemented strategies, processes 
and mechanisms necessary to address the changing regulatory framework and increasing capital 
requirements, and to benefit from a wealth of external endorsements, opinions and provisions that further 
improved the Accounting Group's reputation in terms of security, reliability and solidity as regards its 
customers, the market and other stakeholders. 
Distribution Channels and Resources 
As at 31 December 2021, the Accounting Group's distribution network consisted of 454 branches, 37 corporate 
centres, 58 small business centres and 76 financial outlets, with 834 financial advisors, 239 agents of Avvera and 
348 agents with Credem exclusive mandate for "salary backed loans" (agenti cessione quinto). The following table 
shows the distribution network of the Accounting Group as at the dates indicated. 
Distribution Structure 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
Credembanca 
434 
410 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking 
20 
20 
Branches 
454 
430 
Corporate Centres 
37 
37 
Small Business Centres 
58 
57 
Financial Outlets 
76 
76 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2021, the Accounting Group had 6,608 employees, compared to 6,219 employees as at 31 
December 2020. 
Commercial and private banking 
Funding Activities 
The Accounting Group's total funding activities amounted to €57,274.1 million as at 31 December 2021. 
The table below sets forth the composition of the consolidated funding activities of the Accounting Group 
as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
31 December 
 
 
€ millions 
2021 
2020 
Deposits from banks 
12,585.6 
8,009.5 
Due to customers 
37,715.2 
33,080.0 
Debt securities issued  
2,533.3 
2,606.7 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
33.1 
18.3 
Financial liabilities valued at fair value 
4,407.0 
3,698.4 
Total funding activities 
57,274.1 
47,412.9

--- Page 156 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 156 - 
47-41048211 
 
Interbank Deposits 
As at 31 December 2021, 21% of the Accounting Group's funding activities was represented by deposits from 
Italian and foreign banks. Total interbank deposits totalled €12,585,576 thousand as of 31 December 2021. 
A breakdown of interbank deposits as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 is provided in the table below: 
 
31 December 
 
 
€ thousands 
2021 
2020 
Deposits from central banks 
8,164,752 
7,100,000 
Deposits from banks 
4,420,824 
909,508 
- current accounts and demand deposits 
149,425 
77,162 
- time deposits  
4,010 
6,085 
- loans 
4,265,960 
826,028 
- other liabilities 
1,429 
233 
Total  
12,585,576 
8,009,508 
Customer Deposits 
The Accounting Group offers its retail and corporate customers a wide range of deposit products, including savings 
accounts, current accounts, bonds and time deposits. As at 31 December 2021, banking direct deposits  amounted 
to €37,104 million. As at 31 December 2021, 90.7% of banking direct deposits were represented by current and 
savings accounts. Customer deposits are collected through the Accounting Group's branch network and through 
relationship management with corporate clients. 
The table below provides a breakdown of customer deposits as at 31 December 2021 and 2020: 
 
31 December 
 
 
€ millions 
2021 
2020 
Current & savings accounts 
33,636 
30,317 
Other 
932 
495 
Deposits 
34,568 
30,812 
Bonds and subordinated debt 
2.536 
2,609 
Direct deposits excluding repurchase agreements 
37,104 
33,421 
Banking direct deposits(*) 
37,104 
33,421 
Insurance reserves(*) 
8,665 
7,807 
Indirect deposits at countervalue 
59,094 
50,789 
Total Deposits 
104,863 
92,017 
__________________________________ 
(*) "Banking direct deposits" include the contribution of the companies belonging to the Accounting Group, while "insurance 
reserves" include Credemvita insurance reserves and financial liabilities designated at fair value.

--- Page 157 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 157 - 
47-41048211 
 
The table below provides a breakdown of indirect deposits as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020: 
 
31 December 
 
 
€ millions 
2021 
2020 
Indirect deposits at countervalue 
59,094 
50,789 
- of which assets under management 
35,295 
29,902 
- of which assets under custody 
23,799 
20,887 
Subordinated Notes 
As at 31 December 2021, the Accounting Group's subordinated notes, in nominal value totalled €407,500 thousands 
(a 10.9% decrease compared to €457,500 thousands that were recorded as of 31 December 2020), as set out in the 
table below: 
 
31 December 
 
 
€ thousands 
2021 
2020 
Subordinated Notes (nominal values) 
407,500 
457,500 
Bonds and Securities Portfolio 
As of 31 December 2021 the value of the Accounting Group's bond and securities portfolio was equal to 
€23,258,855 thousand, compared to €17,221,233 thousand as at 31 December 2020. 
The following table provides a breakdown of the Accounting Group's bond and securities portfolio by book value 
as at the dates indicated: 
 
31 December 
 
 
€ thousands 
2021 
2020 
Debt securities(*)  
18,116,203 
12,794,657 
Equities securities 
198,324 
168,309 
Units of UCITS 
4,693,095 
3,965,652 
Derivatives instruments 
251,233 
292,615 
Total bond and securities portfolio  
23,258,855 
17,221,233 
(*) Figures include loans measured at fair value as per mandatory requirements (which as of 31 December 2021 equalled €14,617 
thousands), debt securities measured at amortized cost accounted under loans to customers and loans to banks, (which as of 31 
December 2021 equalled €7,033,022 thousands and €544,250 thousands, respectively) and loans to banks and loans to customers 
pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortized cost pursuant to IAS 39 (which as of 31 December 2021 equalled €0 
and €1,106 thousands, respectively). 
As at 31 December 2021, the composition of the Accounting Group's securities portfolio was as follows (as 
compared to the Accounting Group's portfolio composition as at 31 December 2020). 
€ thousands 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Debt securities 
18,116,203 
12,794,658 
• Level 1 
18,089,381 
12,742,919 
• Level 2 
9,061 
27,830 
• Level 3 
17,761 
23,909 
Equity securities 
198,324 
168,308

--- Page 158 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 158 - 
47-41048211 
 
€ thousands 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
• Level 1 
162,146 
145,472 
• Level 2 
2,998 
6,246 
• Level 3 
33,180 
16,590 
Units of UCITS 
4,693,095 
3,965,652 
• Level 1 
4,351,003 
3,744,895 
• Level 2 
160,091 
107,289 
• Level 3 
182,001 
113,468 
Derivatives instruments 
251,233 
292,615 
• Level 1 
1,191 
697 
• Level 2 
249,779 
291,635 
• Level 3 
263 
283 
Total bond and securities portfolio* 
23,258,855 
17,221,233 
(*) Figures include loans measured at fair value as per mandatory requirements (which as of 31 December 2021 equalled €14,617 
thousands) and loans to banks and loans to customers pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortized cost pursuant 
to IAS 39 (which as of 31 December 2021 equalled €0 and €1,106 thousands, respectively). Debt securities measured at 
amortized cost accounted under loans to customers and loans to banks, and financial assets pertaining to insurance companies 
measured at amortized cost pursuant to IAS 39 have all been included in the Level 1 without considering their fair value (which 
as of 31 December 2021 equalled €7,577,272 thousands and €1,688,198 respectively). 
IFRS 7 requires financial instruments to be measured at fair value. The fair value hierarchy introduces 3 levels of 
inputs based on the lowest level of input significant to the overall fair value, in particular: 
- 
Level 1: the fair value of financial instruments is calculated on the basis of listed prices observable on 
active markets (not adjusted) that may be accessed on the valuation date; 
- 
Level 2: the fair value of financial instruments is calculated on the basis of inputs other than the listed 
prices included in Level 1 directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability, also using valuation 
techniques; 
- 
Level 3: the fair value of financial instruments is calculated on the basis of non-observable inputs for the 
asset or liability, also using valuation techniques that cannot be observed in the market. 
- 
IFRS 13 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability 
in an orderly transaction in the main market (or more advantageous) at the measurement date under current 
market conditions (namely an exit price), regardless of the fact that said price can be directly observed or 
that it is estimated using a different valuation technique. 
Lending Activities 
The Accounting Group, through Credem and its banking subsidiaries, conducts activities in the corporate and 
retail lending sectors in Italy. As at 31 December 2021, consolidated total loans amounted to €49,137 million, 
of which €33,156 million represented net loans to customers and repurchase agreements, €7,577 million of debt 
securities (at amortized cost), and €8,405 million represented loans to banks. 
The following table sets out the consolidated value of loans to non-bank customers for the periods indicated: 
 
31 December 
 
 
€ millions 
2021 
2020 
Loans to customers net of repurchase agreements 
33,156 
29,299 
Total 
33,156 
29,299

--- Page 159 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 159 - 
47-41048211 
 
The most significant customer segments for the Accounting Group was lending to households and small businesses. 
A breakdown of loans to customers by type of borrower (according to the Bank of Italy classifications) as at 31 
December 2021 and 2020 is provided below: 
 
31 December 
 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
€ 
millions 
% 
€ 
millions 
% 
Governments and other public entities 
647.8 
2.0 
303.6 
1.0 
Financial companies 
731.5 
2.2 
712.8 
2.4 
Non financial companies 
16,726.1 
50.4 
15,133.5 
51.7 
Others 
15,050.1 
45.4 
13,148.8 
44.9 
Total 
33,155.6 
100 
29,298.8 
100 
A breakdown of customer loans by instrument, as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 is set out below: 
 
31 December 
 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
€ 
millions 
% 
€ 
millions 
% 
Current accounts 
1,694 
5.1 
1,519 
5.2 
Mortgages 
19,478 
58.75 
16,666 
56.9 
Credit cards and personal loans (incl. 
salary-backed loans) 
2,213 
6.67 
1,823 
6.2 
Financial leasing 
2,757 
8.31 
2,536 
8.7 
Factoring 
1,282 
3.87 
1,123 
3.8 
Other loans 
5,352 
16.14 
5,211 
17.8 
Impaired assets 
381 
1.15 
421 
1.4 
Total 
33,156 
100 
29,299 
100 
Non-Performing Loans 
The following table sets out a breakdown of non-performing loans to customers and provisions as at and for the 
period ended 31 December 2021: 
€/millions 
Gross 
exposure 
Specific value 
adjustments 
Net 
exposure 
Non-Performing loans: 
 
 
 
Bad loans 
398.0 
296.1 
101.9 
Unlikely to pay loans 
378.1 
136.1 
242.1 
Past-due loans 
43.0 
8.1 
34.9 
Total Non-Performing loans  
819.0 
440.2 
378.8 
Bad loans represent exposure towards customers in a state of insolvency, where legal or other actions have been 
taken with the aim to recover the amounts outstanding. Unlikely to pay loans are loans due from the customers 
facing temporary difficulties. Past-due loans include the loans on which the payment of interest is overdue by more 
than 90 days.

--- Page 160 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 160 - 
47-41048211 
 
The relative trend of impaired loans relating to the Accounting Group is illustrated in the following table: 
 
31 December 
 
 
€ millions (except percentages) 
2021 
2020 
Net Bad loans/net loans to customers (%) 
 
 
Accounting Group 
0.3 
0.4 
Industry(*) 
1.0 
1.4 
Provisions for losses (Bad Loans coverage) (%) 
 
 
Accounting Group 
74.4 
71.8 
Gross exposures 
 
 
Bad loans 
398 
445 
Unlikely to pay loans 
378 
378 
Past-due loans 
43 
53 
Total Non-Performing loans 
819 
876 
 
Specific write-downs 
 
440 
 
456 
Net exposures 
 
 
Bad loans 
102 
126 
Unlikely to pay loans 
242 
253 
Past-due loans 
35 
43 
Total net exposures 
379 
421 
_________________________________ 
(*)Industry figures are taken from the monthly publication "Banche e moneta: serie nazionali" of the Bank of Italy. Reference 
dates: 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 respectively. 
Loans to banks 
Loans to banks totalled €8,404,637 million as at 31 December 2021, compared to €7,961,428 as at 31 December 
2020 and in the below table these are broken down by facility type: 
 
31 December 
 
 
€ thousands 
2021 
2020 
Loans to central banks 
7,720,849 
7,579,190 
Time deposits 
- 
411 
Compulsory reserves 
7,720,849 
7,578,779 
Repurchase agreements 
- 
- 
Others 
- 
- 
Loans to banks 
683,788 
382,238 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
- 
91,236 
Time Deposit 
- 
0 
Other loans 
683,788 
291,002 
 
 
 
Total 
8,404,637 
7,961,428 
Leasing and Factoring 
Credemleasing has been operating in the leasing market since 1980. The company operates through branches 
located in various Italian regions and specifically Emilia Romagna, Lombardy, Veneto, Piedmont, Tuscany, Lazio, 
Campania, Puglia, Calabria and Sicily, and has set-up a series of sub-branches in certain offices of Credem Holding 
and of other banks in the Accounting Group throughout other regions of Italy. Credemleasing is active in all areas

--- Page 161 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 161 - 
47-41048211 
 
of financial leasing: vehicles, plant and machinery, real estate and shipping. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Credemleasing is among the leading leasing companies operating in Italy (Source: ASSILEA- Associazione Italiana 
Leasing, of which Credemleasing is one of the founding partners). 
As at 31 December 2021, Credemleasing signed 5,273 contracts with customers (compared to 3,750 as at 31 
December 2020) for a total value of €1,015.2 million, of which € 272 million were represented by real estate leasing 
(compared to € 800.8 million as at 31 December 2020). Total leasing receivables as at 31 December 2021 amounted 
to €3,031 million, compared to €2,838 million as at 31 December 2020. 
Factoring activities within the Accounting Group are performed through Credemfactor. Credemfactor was 
established in 1986 and is based in Reggio Emilia, with branches in various Italian cities, namely Milan, Brescia, 
Lecco, Padua, Turin, Bologna, Modena, Prato, Pisa, Rome, Latina, Naples, Barletta, Catania, and trading points at 
offices of other banks of the Accounting Group throughout Italy. As at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
the company's net profit amounted to €8,100 thousand, compared to €4,600 thousand as at and for the previous year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
Wealth Management 
As at 31 December 2021, total asset under management amounted to €35,295 million of which mutual funds and 
SICAVs amounted to €15,003. 
The wealth management business is operated through Euromobiliare Asset Management, Credem Private Equity, 
Euromobiliare Advisory SIM and Credemvita. 
Other Services 
Credemtel S.p.A. offers technical support to the interbank corporate banking services division. 
Magazzini Generali delle Tagliate S.p.A. is based in Reggio Emilia and offers warehousing and maturing services 
for cheeses. Net profit as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to €800 thousand, compared to 
€4,146 thousand as at and for the previous year ended 31 December 2020. 
Risk Management and Internal Controls 
The Accounting Group has always considered high quality risk management to be a fundamental element and a 
strategic objective so to ensure the safeguarding of its assets, maximum effectiveness and efficiency of the value 
creation process, integrate decision making and operational management of different business areas with a 
multidimensional risk-earnings assessment and to ensure consistency of operational processes with strategies, 
policies and internal regulations of the Accounting Group. 
Risk management for the Accounting Group is performed by means of an integrated department which processes 
information regarding customers and the market. The Accounting Group's risk management policy is based on a 
stringent control of financial risks. Risk management procedures are developed and monitored by a department 
which is external to the Credem Group’s finance department. The rules relating to the Accounting Group's financial 
risks require regular reporting and supply of other information to Credem's senior management, committees and 
board of directors. Risk management and monitoring activity is undertaken by screen-based and electronic systems, 
which allow a real-time updating of the Accounting Group's positions. The risk management system is based on 
sensitivities to the key's risk factors, market value limits and value at risk ("VaR") measures. An asset and liability 
committee, which meets on a quarterly basis, monitors the Accounting Group's overall trend and exposure to 
financial risks. Derivative products are used principally for hedging purposes, or for trading with the customer base. 
In relation to the control of market risks, the Accounting Group's risk management policy focuses principally on 
Credem, which constitutes the most of the exposure to a market risks. 
The table below sets out Credem average market risk for trading book, calculated using VAR methodology (using 
confidence intervals of 99%, 10-day intervals and multiplying coefficient equal to 3) as at the dates indicated. For 
banking book is reported the Economic Value Sensitivity (Group level) to a shock of ±200 bps in interest rates.

--- Page 162 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 162 - 
47-41048211 
 
 
 
31 December 2021 
 
31 December 2020 
 
 
Avg. 
 
Max. 
 
Avg. 
 
Max. 
 
 
  
   
   
   
Trading book  
VaR Credem 
(€ mln) 
4.0 
 
14.2 
 
2.9 
 
7.6 
Banking Book 
Economic Value Sens 200bps 
(on Own Funds) 
2.4% 
 
5.4% 
 
1.9% 
 
4.1% 
The Net Interest Income Sensitivity of the banking book (Group level) on December 2021 is reported in the 
following table: 
  
31 December 2021 
€ millions 
- 
100 bps 
+100 bps 
NII Sensitivity 
-53.0 
+60.7 
  
  
  
The main objectives of the Accounting Group's credit policy are to increase customer loans whilst maintaining 
a high credit quality and avoiding impaired loans. 
The Accounting Group targets small-to-medium-sized companies, offering itself as a strategic, and not merely 
a financial, partner. The main basis for granting credit lines is the borrowing companies' ability to generate 
income and cash flow. 
The Accounting Group's credit risk management remains centralised, and is based on a separation of the roles 
of the credit proposer/customer relations officer and that of the credit approval officer. In fact, the so-called 
"Central Credit Analysis Department", approves the majority of the Accounting Group's loans. Therefore, the 
branches which propose and manage the loans are responsible for deciding upon only a limited portion of the 
Accounting Group's loans. 
The customer relationship officer is responsible for gathering all necessary information regarding the customer to 
enable an analysis of its current and prospective credit-worthiness. The responsibility of the deliberating officer or 
body is to evaluate customer's credit-worthiness and thus to establish the appropriateness of the proposal. Particular 
care is taken in the analysis of credit requests relating to the construction and property sector and aimed at financing 
companies in general, as well as medium-long-term financing and participations in syndicated loans. 
The decision making process is as follows: 
(a) 
information gathering so to establish prospective clients' current and prospective credit-worthiness; 
(b) 
analysis of the information (balance sheet, budget, statistic data and sector analysis of prospective clients); 
(c) 
granting of an internal rating (this is a synthetic indicator of the client's risk level); and 
(d) 
definition of the amount and of the structure of credit lines and securities. However, maximum potential 
credit limits for each customer are defined by the Bank of Italy regulations. 
The number of officers involved in the credit decision process depends on the size of the credit being extended, 
according to an internal procedure that confers increasing powers of approval to officers at different levels of 
management. 
On 2 October 2015, the Bank of Italy authorised the Accounting Group to use (as of 30 September 2015) the IRB 
(Internal Ratings-Based Approach) Advanced method (PD, LGD, EAD) for the quantification of the capital 
requirements against customer credit risk under the corporate and retail portfolios of the Accounting Group. The 
authorisation marked the completion of a roll-out plan, the implementation of which started in June 2008 with the 
authorisation to use the IRB Foundation method for the corporate customers of the Accounting Group. On 8 January

--- Page 163 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 163 - 
47-41048211 
 
2021, ECB revoked the permission of the permanent partial use of the Standardised Approach for Equity exposure 
class and these exposures are now treated with the simple risk weight approach under the internals model approach. 
Capital Adequacy 
The Bank of Italy has adopted risk-based capital ratios ("Capital Ratios") pursuant to the European Community's 
("EC") capital adequacy directives. Italy's current capital requirements are, in many respects, similar to the 
requirements imposed by the international framework for capital measurement and capital standards of banking 
institutions of the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices. The Capital Ratios, revised 
after numerous innovations introduced by new Basel III regulations in force from 1 January 2014, compare capital 
requirements to face banks' assets and certain off-balance sheet items, weighted according to risks ("RWA"). 
Credem Holding calculates and reports its Capital Ratios on a consolidated basis. In December 2022, Credem 
Holding received notification of the ECB's final decision concerning the capital requirement it was required to meet 
on a consolidated basis as of 1 January 2023. On 6 October 2017, the ECB found that pursuant to Directive 
2002/87/EC, the Accounting Group was a "financial conglomerate", controlled by Credem Holding. 
The overall 2023 capital requirements that Credem Holding has to meet in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 is 7.56%, 
in terms of Tier 1 Ratio it is 9.25% and in terms of Total Capital Ratio it is 11.5%. 
The table below sets forth the own funds and capital adequacy ratios of the Accounting Group as at 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020, in accordance with the relevant regulations. 
Credem Holding Capital Requirements (Prudential Perimeter) 
(€ millions) 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2020 
Total own funds 
2,993 
2,746 
of which Common Equity Tier 1  
2,591 
2,340 
of which Tier 1 Capital 
2,654 
2,393 
Capital absorption relative to the following risks: 
 
 
credit and counterparty risk 
1,340 
1,184 
market risk 
20 
18 
operational risk 
153 
136 
Total Capital Requirement 
1,513 
1,337 
(%) 
 
 
CET capital ratio(*) 
13.7 
13.5 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
14.0 
13.9 
Total capital ratio 
15.8 
15.5 
 
 
 
Minimum supervisory requirements(**) 
SREP 2021 
 
CET 1 capital ratio 
7.0 
 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
8.5 
 
Total capital ratio 
10.5 
 
_____________________________________ 
(*) if CET1<TIER1; CET1=T1 
(**) including the "capital conservation buffer", not including the Pillar 2 Requirement, assigned by the ECB in the annual SREP 
decision, that for 2021 is 1.000% 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains, or incorporates by reference, alternative performance indicators and certain financial 
measures and that Credem Holding considers to constitute alternative performance measures (together the "APMs") 
for the purposes of the ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures APMs (the "APM Guidelines")). These APMs are used in order to help the assessment of 
the quality and sustainability of the net result of the Accounting Group in the various business segments and

--- Page 164 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 164 - 
47-41048211 
 
territorial areas. Investors should view the APMs as complementary to, and not a substitute for, the figures 
determined according to IFRS. 
Credem Holding considers the following financial measures to constitute APMs: 
APM 
Definition 
Reconciliation 
Asset Under 
Management 
(Page 38 of Credem 
Holding 2021 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements) 
The total market value of assets that 
an investment company or financial 
institution manages on behalf of the 
Group's clientele and which generate 
asset management fees based on a 
percentage of the assets' market 
value. Assets Under Management 
reflects assets that are generally 
managed for institutional, high net-
worth and retail clients and are 
distributed 
through 
various 
investment 
products 
including 
mutual funds, other commingled 
vehicles and separate accounts. 
This APM and its components relate 
to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The value of Assets Under Management as at 
the end of December 2021 was €35,295 
million calculated as the sum of the amount 
pertaining to the following products as on 
page 38 of the Credem Holding 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements: portfolio 
management 
(€6,687 
million), 
mutual 
investment funds (€10,655 million), SICAV 
(€4,348 million) and other third party 
products (€13,605 million). 
The value of the Assets Under Management as 
at the end of December 2020 was €29,902 
million calculated as the sum of the amount 
pertaining to the following products as on page 
44 of the Credem Holding 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements: portfolio management 
(€6,128 million), mutual investment funds 
(€8,870 million), SICAV (€4,649 million) and 
other third party products (€10,255 million). 
Asset Under Custody 
Custodial 
financial 
assets 
administered 
for 
the 
Group's 
customers 
excluding 
brokerage 
assets. 
This APM and its components relate 
to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The value of Assets Under Custody as at the 
end of December 2021 was €23,799 million 
calculated as the difference between the 
"Indirect Deposit at Countervalue" as from 
page 
36 
of 
Credem 
Holding's 
2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements (€59,094 
million) and the value of Asset Under 
Management, as from page 38 of Credem 
Holding's 
2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements (€35,295 million). 
The value of Assets Under Custody as at the 
end of December 2020 was €20,887 million 
calculated as the difference between the 
"Indirect Deposits at Countervalue" as from 
page 42 of the Credem Holding 2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements (€50,789 
million) and the value of Asset Under 
Management, as from page 44 of the Credem 
Holding 
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements (€29,902 million). 
ROE 
(Page 52 of 
Credem Holding 
2021 Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
Calculated as Profit for the period on 
average "shareholders' equity" in the 
period. The ratio is a proxy of the 
profit (return) that the bank can 
generate 
leveraging 
on 
the 
shareholders' equity. 
This APM and its components relate 
to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of ROE as at the end of December 
2021 was 10.4% calculated as net profit for 
the period (€270 million as at the page 76 of 
Credem Holding 2021 Financial Statements 
(item 350 of the "Consolidated Income 
Statement")) 
on 
average 
"shareholders' 
equity" value (equal to €2,602 million and 
calculated as the average between the 
"shareholders' equity" as at the end of 
December 2020, €2,502 million, and the 
"shareholders' equity" as at the end of 
December 2021, €2,703 million). The

--- Page 165 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 165 - 
47-41048211 
 
APM 
Definition 
Reconciliation 
"shareholders' equity" as at the end of 
December 2021 is the sum of items 120 
Valuation Reserves, 125 Valuation Reserves 
pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to 
IAS39, 150 Reserves, 160 Share Premium 
Reserve, 170 Share Capital, 180 Treasury 
Shares (-), 200 Profit (loss) for the year (+/-) 
(net of €49 million of dividends distributed (or 
resolved) by Credem Holding) as from page 
66 of the Credem Holding 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements) as from page 75 of the 
Credem Holding 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements. The "shareholders' equity" as at 
the end of December 2020 is the sum of items 
120 Valuation Reserves, 125 Valuation 
Reserves pertaining to insurance companies 
pursuant to IAS39, 150 Reserves, 160 Share 
Premium Reserve, 170 Share Capital, 180 
Treasury Shares (-), 200 Profit (loss) for the 
year (+/-) (net of €33 million dividends 
distributed by Credem Holding as from page 
481 
of 
the 
Credem 
Holding 
2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements) as from 
page 85 of the Credem Holding 2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The level of ROE as at the end of December 
2020 was 6.6% calculated as profit for the year 
(€159 million as at the page 86 of Credem 
Holding 
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements (item 350 of the "Consolidated 
Income 
Statement")) 
on 
average 
"shareholders' equity" value (equal to €2,413 
million and calculated as the average between 
the "shareholders' equity" as at the end of 
December 2020, €2,502 million, and the 
"shareholders' equity" as at the end of 
December 
2019, 
€2,325 
million). 
The 
"shareholders' equity" as at the end of 
December 2020 is the sum of items 120 
Valuation Reserves, 125 Valuation Reserves 
pertaining to insurance companies pursuant to 
IAS39, 150 Reserves, 160 Share Premium 
Reserve, 170 Share Capital, 180 Treasury 
Shares (-), 200 Profit (loss) for the year (+/-) 
(net of €33 million dividends distributed by 
Credito Emiliano Holding as from page 481 of 
the Credem Holding 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements) as from page 85 of 
Credem Holding 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements. The "shareholders' equity" as at 
the end of December 2019 is the sum of items 
120 Valuation Reserves, 125 Valuation 
Reserves pertaining to insurance companies 
pursuant to IAS39, 150 Reserves, 160 Share 
Premium Reserve, 170 Share Capital, 180 
Treasury Shares (-), 200 Profit (loss) for the 
year (+/-) (net 0 of dividends distributed (or 
resolved) by Credem Holding) as from page 65

--- Page 166 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 166 - 
47-41048211 
 
APM 
Definition 
Reconciliation 
of the Credem Holding 2019 Consolidated 
Financial Statements. 
non-interest margin / 
operating income (net 
interest and other 
banking income) 
(Page 52 of 
Credem 
Holding 2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
According to the bank's P&L 
reclassification, this is the ratio 
between revenues related to fees and 
commissions, as well as trading 
activities and insurance products, on 
the bank's total income. It is the 
portion of total income less directly 
impacted by the evolution of interest 
rates. 
This APM and its components relate 
to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of the ratio as at the end of 
December 2021 was 62.9% (as on page 52 of 
the Credem Holding 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements) calculated as "non-
interest margin" on "net interest and other 
banking income" (€841 million / €1,338 
million; both numbers are presented and 
explained on page 51-52 of the Credem 
Holding 
2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements). 
The level of the ratio as at the end of December 
2020 was 59.0% (as on page 62 of the Credem 
Holding 
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
calculated 
as 
"non-interest 
margin" on "net interest and other banking 
income" (€710 million / €1,203 million; both 
numbers are presented and explained on page 
61-62 
of 
the 
Credem 
Holding 
2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements).  
operating expenses / 
operating income (net 
interest and other 
banking income) 
(Page 52 of 
Credem 
Holding 2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
According to the bank's P&L 
reclassification, this is the ratio 
between 
total 
costs, 
excluding 
"amortisation/depreciation", and the 
bank's 
total 
income. 
It 
is 
a 
measurement of the efficiency of the 
bank in managing its own business: 
the lower the ratio, the higher the 
bank's efficiency. 
This APM and its components relate 
to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of the ratio as at the end of 
December 2021 was 58.5% (as on page 52 of 
the Credem Holding 2021 Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
calculated 
as 
"operating expenses" on "net interest and 
other banking income" (€783 million / €1,338 
million; both numbers are presented and 
explained on pages 51-52 of the Credem 
Holding 
2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements). 
The level of the ratio as at the end of December 
2020 was 58.7% (as on page 62 of the Credem 
Holding 
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
calculated 
as 
"operating 
expenses" on "net interest and other banking 
income" (€706 million / €1,203 million; both 
numbers are presented and explained on pages 
61-62 
of 
the 
Credem 
Holding 
2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements).  
ROA 
(Page 52 of 
Credem 
Holding 2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
Calculated as profit for the period on 
total assets. The ratio is a proxy of 
the profitability generated by the 
bank's assets. 
This APM and its components relate 
to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of the ratio as at the end of 
December 2021 was 0.5% (as on page 52 of 
the Credem Holding 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements) calculated as "Profit 
(Loss) for the year" (€350 million: item 330 
as on page 76 of the Credem Holding 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements) on "Total 
Assets" (€67,644 million as from page 74 of 
the Credem Holding 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements). 
The level of the ratio as at the end of December 
2020 was 0.4% (as on page 62 of the Credem 
Holding 
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) calculated as "Profit (Loss) for the 
year" (€202 million: item 330 as on page 86 of

--- Page 167 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 167 - 
47-41048211 
 
APM 
Definition 
Reconciliation 
the Credem Holding 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements) on "Total Assets" 
(€56,718 million as from page 84 of the 
Credem Holding 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements). 
"Cost of credit" or 
"Cost of risk" 
Calculated as "Net impairment 
(losses)/reversals on loans" (or Net 
value adjustments/recoveries for 
credit risk) on average "Loans to 
Customers". A low level of the ratio 
could be a driver of the quality of the 
bank's loans book and support the 
bank's profitability. 
This APM and its components relate 
to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of Cost of Risk as at the end of 
December 2021 was 9 bps calculated as "Net 
value adjustments/recoveries for credit risk" 
item 130 (€28 million, as on page 76 of the 
Credem Holding 2021 Financial Statements) 
on the average value of "Loans To Customers" 
(average between €33,156 million and 
€29,299 million: both numbers are presented 
on page 32 of the Credem Holding 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements). 
The level of Cost of Risk as at the end of 
December 2020 was 36.7 bps calculated as 
"net value adjustments/recoveries for credit 
risk" (€103 million, as on page 86 of the 
Credem Holding 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements) on the average value of "Loans To 
Customers" 
(average 
between 
€29,299 
million and €26,684 million: both numbers 
are presented on page 37 of the Credem 
Holding 2020 Financial Statements).  
% level of Coverage 
(Page 34 of 
Credem 
Holding 2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
Incidence of specific write-downs 
(allowances) 
on 
credit 
gross 
impaired 
loans 
(Total 
non-
performing loans, equal to bad loans 
plus unlikely to pay and past due 
loans). The higher this ratio, the 
lower the value that the bank expects 
to recover from the impaired 
exposure. 
This APM and its components relate 
to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of coverage ratio as at the end of 
December 2021 was 53.7% calculated as 
"Expected losses" on "Non-Performing Loans 
– Nominal values" (€440 million / €819 
million; both numbers are presented on page 
34 of the Credem Holding 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements). 
The level of coverage ratio as at the end of 
December 2020 was 52.0% calculated as 
"expected losses" on "Tot. Non-Performing 
Loans – Nominal value" (€456 million / €876 
million; both numbers are presented on page 
39 of the Credem Holding 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements). 
% net bad loans/ net 
loans to customers 
(Page 35 of 
Credem 
Holding 2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
Incidence of bad loans on "Loans to 
Customers". It is a ratio that could be 
considered as a proxy of the quality 
of the bank's lending process: the 
lower the ratio, the higher the quality 
of the bank's loans book. 
This APM and its components relate 
to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of the ratio as at the end of 
December 2021 was 0.3% (as on page 35 of 
the Credem Holding 2021 Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements), 
calculated 
as 
"estimated recoveries (on bad loans)" (€102 
million as from page 34 of the Credem 
Holding 
2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) on €33,156 million (loans to 
customers as from page 32 of the Credem 
Holding 
2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements). 
The level of the ratio as at the end of December 
2020 was 0.4% (as on page 41 of the Credem 
Holding 
2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements), 
calculated 
as 
"estimated 
recoveries on bad loans" (€126 million as from

--- Page 168 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 168 - 
47-41048211 
 
APM 
Definition 
Reconciliation 
page 39 of the Credem Holding 2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
on 
€29,299 million (loans to customers as from 
page 37 of the Credem Holding 2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements). 
Credem Holding believes that such measures provide useful information to investors regarding the financial 
position, cash flow and financial performance and in particular allow for comparison with similar measures 
published by other banks as well as average industry standards, and better illustrate specific aspects and trends of 
Credem Holding's business activities. 
Recent developments 
On 5 July 2022, Credem Holding placed the stand-alone issue of a subordinated Social Tier 2 bond loan for a 
nominal amount of €200 million, intended for institutional and professional investors. At the same time, 
Credembanca issued a Tier 2 subordinated bond loan with the same characteristics, fully subscribed by Credem 
Holding. 
Management 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of Credem Holding is responsible for the administration of its affairs. It oversees the overall 
performance of Credem Holding and approves significant transactions carried out by Credem Holding. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Credem Holding, and the respective positions of 
the individual Directors, are set out below: 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities performed by the 
Directors outside Credem Holding 
Date 
of 
Election 
Lucio Igino Zanon di 
Valgiurata  
Chairman of 
the Board of 
Directors 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. (C) 
9 June 2022 
(Director and 
Chairman 
of 
the Board of 
Directors) 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking 
S.p.A. (C) 
Credem Private Equity S.g.r. S.p.A. (VC) 
Euromobiliare Advisory Sim S.p.A. (C) 
Credemassicurazioni S.p.A. (C) 
Other positions held in "Fenera Group" 
Ignazio 
Maramotti  
Vice 
Chairman 
Other positions held in "Max Mara Group" 
10 June 2021 
(Director and 
Vice-
Chairman 
of 
the Board of 
Directors) 
Enrico Corradi  
Vice 
Chairman 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. (VC). 
9 June 2022 
(Director and 
Vice-
Chairman 
of 
the Board of 
Directors) 
Credem -Euromobiliare Private Banking 
S.p.A. (D) 
Credem Private Equity S.g.r. S.p.A. (C) 
Euromobiliare Fiduciaria S.p.A. (C) 
Other positions held in "Max Mara Group" 
Claudia Alfieri 
Director 
Other positions held in "Padana Tubi" 
9 June 2022  
Fabrizio Corradi 
Director 
Credemleasing S.p.A. (D) 
9 June 2022  
Barbara Ferrari 
Director 
- 
10 June 2021 
Benedetto Renda 
Director 
Other position held in Carlo Pellegrino & C. 
S.p.A. 
9 June 2022  
Paolo Tadolini 
Director 
Magazzini Generali delle Tagliate S.p.A. (D) 
9 June 2022

--- Page 169 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 169 - 
47-41048211 
 
_______________________________________ 
(D): Director 
(C): Chairman 
(VC): Vice Chairman 
* Each member of the Board of Directors is elected for a 3-year term. 
Pursuant to Credem Holding's bylaws, the Board of Directors must at all times be composed of between 7 and 16 
members, such number to be determined by the Shareholders' General Meeting. In accordance with the bylaws, the 
Board of Directors has complete powers over the ordinary and extraordinary administration other than those 
reserved by applicable law or by the bylaws to the meeting of the shareholders. Pursuant to applicable Italian law, 
directors are elected for a term of up to three financial years and can be re-elected. 
The business address of the directors is Via Emilia San Pietro, 4, 42121 Reggio Emilia, Italy. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any of the Board of Directors' duties to Credem Holding and their private 
interests or other duties. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Pursuant to Italian law, in addition to electing the Board of Directors, Credem Holding's shareholders also elect the 
members of the Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio Sindacale) composed of three independent experts in 
accounting matters, plus two alternate auditors to replace statutory auditors who resign or are otherwise unable to 
serve. The current Board of Statutory Auditors was appointed for a term expiring on approval by the General 
shareholders' meeting of the financial statements for the year ending 2022, scheduled for 27 April 2023. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Statutory Auditors is made up of the following members. 
Name 
Principal activities 
Date 
of 
Election 
Giulio Morandi 
Credemleasing S.p.A. (CA) 
5 May 2020 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. (A) 
Credemvita S.p.A. (A) 
Euromobiliare Advisory Sim S.p.A. (A) 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (CA) 
Credemassicurazioni S.p.A. (A) 
Magazzini Generali delle Tagliate S.p.A. (CA) 
Gianni Tanturli 
Credemvita S.p.A. (CA) 
5 May 2020 
Credemtel S.p.A. (CA) 
Credem Private Equity SGR S.p.A. (CA) 
Maurizio Bergomi 
Credemfactor S.p.A. (CA) 
5 May 2020 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (A) 
Avvera S.p.A. (CA) 
Euromobiliare Asset Management Sgr S.p.A. (A) 
Euromobiliare Advisory Sim S.p.A. (CA) 
Euromobiliare Fiduciaria S.p.A. (CA) 
Alberto 
Artemio 
Galaverni 
Credemfactor S.p.A. (A) 
5 May 2020 
Magazzini Generali delle Tagliate S.p.A. (CA) 
Vittorio Guidetti 
Euromobiliare Advisory Sim S.p.A. (A) 
5 May 2020 
_______________________________________ 
(CA): Chairman Auditor 
(A): Auditor 
(AA) Alternative Auditor 
The business address of the Statutory Auditors is Via Emilia San Pietro, 4, 42121 Reggio Emilia, Italy. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any of the Statutory Auditors' duties to Credem Holding and their 
private interests or other duties.

--- Page 170 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 170 - 
47-41048211 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CREDITO EMILIANO S.P.A. 
Introduction and History 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. ("Credem" or the "Bank") was incorporated in Italy as a joint stock company (società 
per azioni) under the provisions of the Italian Civil Code on 12 July 1973 (with the name Interfinanziaria S.p.A.) 
and is registered in the company register of Reggio Emilia under number 01806740153 (Article 4 of Credem's by-
laws provides for the term of the Bank until 31 December 2050). Its corporate objects, as set out in Article 3 of the 
by-laws, are deposit-taking and the carrying on of all lending as well as providing banking and financial services, 
including financings and other specially regulated activities. Its registered office is at Via Emilia San Pietro, 4, 
42121 Reggio Emilia, Italy, and its investor relations telephone number is +39 0522 583076. Credem operates 
subject 
to 
the 
Consolidated 
Banking 
Act. 
The 
website 
of 
Credem 
is 
https://www.credem.it/content/credem/it/privati-e-famiglie.html. The information on the website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus unless information contained therein is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Credem is one of the leading Italian private banks. Credem and its subsidiaries (together, the "Credem Group") 
form a medium-sized, multi-regional banking group, headquartered in Reggio Emilia in northern Italy. Having 
operated originally as a retail bank, the Credem Group now provides a full range of commercial and asset 
management services. An expansion plan commenced in the 1970s has given Credem a national presence based 
on its local origins: it is now active throughout the whole of Italy while maintaining a strong presence in Emilia 
Romagna. As at 30 June 2022, the Credem Group comprised 12 companies (known as the "Banking Group" 
perimeter. Credemvita, a life insurance company, despite being fully owned by Credem and being consolidated 
line-by-line, is not included in the "Banking Group" perimeter) operating in a wide range of financial activities. 
Credem activities were established in 1910 under the name of Banca Agricola Commerciale di Reggio Emilia, as 
a local private bank in the northern region of Emilia Romagna. The current denomination of Credito Emiliano 
S.p.A. has been used since 1983 following the acquisition by Credem of Banca Belinzaghi of Milan, the first step 
taken by Credem towards expansion on a national level. 
During the 1990s, the Credem Group implemented an active acquisition campaign, taking over almost thirty small 
Italian banks, mainly located in the southern part of Italy. In 1994, the Credem Group acquired Euromobiliare 
S.p.A. ("Euromobiliare"), a banking group active in the investment banking and asset management sectors, from 
HSBC. Euromobiliare was merged with Credem in 1997 and since October of the same year, Credem has been 
listed on the Italian Stock Exchange. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Credem Group had 450 branches operating across 19 regions of Italy. 
Ratings 
Rating Agency 
Ratings 
Republic of Italy 
Credem 
Moody's 
Baseline Credit Assessment 
Baa3 (LT Issuer rating) 
baa3 
Short-Term Deposit Rating 
P-3 
P-2 
Outlook (deposits) 
Negative 
Negative 
Fitch Ratings 
Long-term rating 
BBB 
BBB 
Short-term rating 
F2 
F3 
Outlook / Review 
Stable 
Stable 
Principal Markets 
The core business of the Credem Group is focused on commercial banking and wealth management. Commercial 
banking relates to the distribution of financial products and provision of services to the Credem Group's retail and 
corporate customers, with the wealth management focusing on management of mutual investment funds, SICAV 
investment funds, asset management as well as private equity. Credem is active in all areas of domestic retail and 
commercial banking and also operates, through its subsidiaries, in mutual fund management, leasing, factoring and 
insurance.

--- Page 171 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 171 - 
47-41048211 
 
Business Overview 
At 30 June 2022, the Group's operating income was €690.3 million. 
Credem's principal activities are: (i) commercial banking and (ii) wealth management. 
Commercial Banking 
Commercial banking activities are conducted by Credem and some other subsidiaries within the Credem Group: 
Credemleasing, Credemfactor, Avvera and Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking. As at 30 June 2022, Credem 
contributed €90.2 million (or 57.8%) to the Credem Group's net profit, compared to €69.5 million (or 50.8%) as at 
30 June 2021. 
Wealth Management 
Asset management activities of the Credem Group are organised through Euromobiliare Asset Management, Credem 
Private Equity, Euromobiliare Advisory SIM (Investment Firm) and Credemvita. As at 30 June 2022, the Credem 
Group had €39,313 million in customer assets under management and insurance reserves, €8,322 million of which 
was in insurance reserves, managed through Credemvita. 
Financial Highlights of the Credem Group 
The following table shows selected financial information (consolidated) as at 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021: 
 
30 June 
 
(unaudited) 
€/million 
2022 
2021 
 
Total assets 
65,764 
62,529.9 
 
Total liabilities 
62,628.8 
59,330.3 
 
Group shareholders' Equity 
3,134.9 
3,199.6 
 
Profit (loss) attributable to the Parent Company 
155.7 
136.4 
 
LEI 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Credem is 8156004B244AA70DE787. 
Ownership and Capital Structure of Credem 
As at 1 March 2023, the authorised share capital of Credem was €341,320,065 and the issued share capital was 
€341,320,065.00, divided into 341,320,065 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €1.00 each. As at the same date, 
the share capital was fully paid-up, no convertible debt existed and Credem owned 1,816,938 treasury shares, 
corresponding to 0.53 per cent. of the share capital. 
Credem is controlled by Credem Holding. 
As at 1 March 2023, the major shareholders of Credem Holding are Cofimar S.r.l. (24.58 per cent.), Società Anonima 
Finanziaria Emiliana S.r.l. (8.62 per cent.), P. European Investment S.a.r.l. (5.00 per cent.), Unity R.E. S.p.A. (4.85 
per cent.), Fincorrad S.r.l. (3.82 per cent.) and Eredi Savioli S.r.l. (3.68 per cent.). This group, together with various 
local families most of whom were amongst the original founders of the bank at the beginning of the century, entered 
into a shareholders' agreement controlling 76.85 per cent. of the shares in Credem Holding. The remaining 23.15 
per cent. of the shares in Credem Holding are owned by approximately 2,800 other shareholders. 
As at 1 March 2023, Credem Holding holds 78.83 per cent. of Credem's share capital. The remaining 21.17 per cent. 
of the shares in Credem are listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and are widely held.

--- Page 172 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 172 - 
47-41048211 
 
Credem Holding’s articles of association contain certain provisions ensuring that Credem Holding does not abuse 
its position of control in Credem, including an express clause which stipulates that Credem Holding may not hold a 
management and coordination role over Credem or the Credem Group nor may take decisions regarding management, 
operational or financial aspects that affect the Credem Group. Only the exercise of rights directly attributed by law 
as a shareholder of Credem is permitted. 
Organisational structure of the Credem Group 
The following diagram shows the organisation of the Credem Group as at 31 December 2022. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDITO 
 
 
 
 
 
EMILIANO 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDEM  
 
 
CREDEMLEASING 
 
 
MAGAZZINI 
 
 
CREDEM 
 
EUROMOBILIARE  
 
 
 
 
 
GENERALI DELLE 
 
 
ASSICURAZIONI 
 
PRIVATE BANKING 
 
 
100% 
 
 
TAGLIATE 
 
 
50% 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDEMFACTOR 
 
 
CREDEMTEL 
 
 
ANDXOR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
100% 
 
 
40% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AVVERA 
 
 
CREDEMVITA 
 
 
SBC FINTECH 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MILAN 2224 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
100% 
 
 
19.96% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDEM 
 
 
SATA 
 
 
GRUPPO 
 
 
 
 
PRIVATE EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
SANTAMARIA 
 
 
 
 
SGR 
 
 
100% 
 
 
10% 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EUROMOBILIARE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSET 
 
 
BLUE EYE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
S.G.R. 
 
 
75% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EUROMOBILIARE 
 
 
CREDEM CB 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ADVISORY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SIM 
 
 
70% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100% 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EUROMOBILIARE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FIDUCIARIA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100%

--- Page 173 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 173 - 
47-41048211 
 
Notes: 
The percentages refer to directly or indirectly exercisable voting rights the highlighted equity investments are 
valued by the equity method. 
In January 2022, an investment by Credemtel S.p.A. ("Credemtel") in SBC Fintech Milan 2224 S.r.l. ("SBC") 
was finalised for a total amount of €250,000. The investment was made as a capital increase reserved for Credemtel 
and Credemtel's share in the company is equal to 19.68% of the share capital. 
In this context: 
• 
Credemtel does not hold the majority of voting rights, and is not able to take corporate decisions alone, as 
it is does not have the practical ability to unilaterally direct the relevant activity of the investee, for which 
the agreement of the other shareholders is always necessary; 
• 
with regard to specific topics, Credemtel has instead the power to veto the decisions of the other 
shareholders, meaning that without the favourable vote of Credemtel, also the other shareholders cannot 
influence the company. 
With regard to SBC, Credemtel's position is therefore that: 
• 
of a party which is exposed to variable returns and which in any event has rights to said possible returns; 
• 
which has the ability to influence said returns only by exercising its power to veto the decisions of the other 
shareholders. 
The agreements in place between the shareholders of SBC provide Credemtel with the right under a specific 
shareholders' agreement to obtain company representatives (a director). Since within SBC there are no director 
votes, which prevail over those of other directors, the appointment of company representatives does not give either 
shareholder any predominance over company decisions. 
The following table provides certain information relating to the significant consolidated subsidiaries of Credem 
as at 31 December 2022. 
Company Names 
Registered Office 
Type of 
relationship** 
Shareholding Ratio 
Investing Company 
% 
Consolidated line-by-line 
Credemleasing S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
99.90% 
 
Magazzini Generali delle 
Tagliate 
0.10% 
Credemfactor S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
99.00% 
 
Credemleasing 
1.00% 
Credem Private Equity SGR S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
87.50% 
 
Credem 
Euromobiliare 
Private Banking 
12.50% 
Euromobiliare Asset Management SGR 
S.p.A. 
Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Euromobiliare Advisory SIM S.p.A. 
Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Credemtel S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Avvera S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Magazzini Generali delle Tagliate S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking 
S.p.A. 
Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Euromobiliare Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Milan 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Credemvita S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
100.00% 
Sata S.r.l. 
Modena 
1 
Credemtel 
100.00% 
Blue Eye Solutions S.r.l. 
Montechiarugolo 
1 
Credemtel 
75.00%

--- Page 174 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 174 - 
47-41048211 
 
Credem CB S.r.l. 
Conegliano 
1 
Credito Emiliano 
70.00% 
Consolidated using the equity method 
Credemassicurazioni S.p.A. 
Reggio Emilia 
2 
Credito Emiliano 
50.00% 
Andxor S.r.l. 
Cinisello Balsamo 
3 
Credemtel 
40.00% 
SBC Fintech Milan 2224 S.r.l. 
Milan 
3 
Credemtel 
19.96 % 
Gruppo Santamaria S.p.A. 
Catania 
3 
Avvera 
10.00% 
________________________________ 
(**) Type of relationship: 
1 = majority of the voting rights of ordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
2 = joint control 
3 = associated companies 
Strategy of the Credem Group 
The Credem Group's strategy focuses on value creation, and since 1990 this has been developed over time through 
different phases, as detailed below. 
• 
1990–1999: External growth through the acquisition of more than 30 small banks and Euromobiliare Group 
from Midland Bank. 
• 
2000–2003: Internal growth through divisionalisation, the opening of new branches and the creation of 
corporate centres, achieving sizeable market share increases. 
• 
2004–2006: Focus on profitability by capitalising on the recent expansion of the Credem Group and continuing 
to increase its market share. 
• 
2006-2008: Focus on profitability by strengthening the role of the core businesses and maintaining volume 
increases above market average. 
• 
2009-2012: Facing the global crisis by lowering the Group's risk profile both in terms of market and credit 
risks while increasing the Group's focus on its commercial banking business, capital ratios soundness and 
organisation efficiency. 
• 
2013 - ongoing: Taking advantage of a restructuring banking system while facing regulatory changes by 
achieving a sizeable market share increase, both on lending and on direct and indirect deposits, investing in 
new technologies and commercial network while banking system still faces the consequences of a multi-years 
economic recession. In the meantime, the Credem Group has implemented strategies, processes and 
mechanisms necessary to address the changing regulatory framework and increasing capital requirements, and 
to benefit from a wealth of external endorsements, opinions and provisions that further improved the Credem 
Group's reputation in terms of security, reliability and solidity as regards its customers, the market and other 
stakeholders. 
Distribution channels and resources 
As at 30 June 2022, the Credem Group's distribution network consisted of 450 branches, 38 corporate centres, 58 
small business centres and 85 financial outlets, with 840 financial advisors and private bankers, 156 agents of Avvera 
and 426 agents with Credem exclusive mandate for "salary backed loans" (agenti cessione quinto). The following 
table shows the distribution network of the Credem Group as at the dates indicated. 
Distribution Structure 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
Credembanca 
430 
401 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking 
20 
18 
Branches 
450 
419 
Corporate Centres 
38 
37 
Small Business Centres 
38 
57 
Financial Outlets 
85 
79

--- Page 175 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 175 - 
47-41048211 
 
Branch Network 
The following table shows the geographical distribution of the Credem Group branch network as at 30 June 
2022. 
Region 
Number 
% 
Trentino Alto Adige 
2 
0.4% 
Piemonte 
13 
2.9% 
Liguria 
8 
1.8% 
Lombardia 
51 
11.3% 
Veneto 
26 
5.8% 
Friuli-Venezia Giulia 
4 
0.9% 
Emilia Romagna 
129 
28.7% 
Marche 
7 
1.6% 
Abruzzo 
4 
0.9% 
Toscana 
24 
5.3% 
Umbria 
4 
0.9% 
Lazio 
22 
4.9% 
Molise 
1 
0.2% 
Campania 
36 
8.0% 
Puglia 
38 
8.4% 
Basilicata 
1 
0.2% 
Calabria 
26 
5.8% 
Sicilia 
48 
10.7% 
Sardegna 
6 
1.3% 
Total 
450 
100.0% 
Employees 
As at 30 June 2022, the Credem Group had 6,656 employees, compared to 6,341 employees as at 30 June 2021. 
Commercial banking 
Funding Activities 
The Credem Group's total funding activities amounted to €58,917 million as at 30 June 2022. 
The table below sets out the composition of the consolidated funding activities of the Group as at 30 June 2022 
and 30 June 2021: 
 
30 June 
 
(unaudited) 
€ millions 
2022 
2021 
 
Deposits from banks 
10,844 
11,254 
 
Due to customers 
36,605.3 
34,039 
 
Debt securities issued 
7,439.0 
2,504 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
85 
26 
 
Financial liabilities valued at fair value 
3,944 
4,065

--- Page 176 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 176 - 
47-41048211 
 
Total funding activities 
58,917 
51,888 
 
Interbank Deposits 
As at 30 June 2022, 18.4% of the Credem Group's funding activities was represented by deposits from Italian and 
foreign banks. Total interbank deposits totalled €11,253,643 thousand as of 30 June 2021. 
A breakdown of interbank deposits as at 30 June 2022 and 2021 is provided in the table below: 
 
30 June 
 
(unaudited) 
€ thousands 
2022 
2021 
 
Deposits from central banks 
8,123,993 
7,840,000 
 
Deposits from banks 
2,719,753 
3,413,643 
 
- current accounts and demand deposits 
577,625 
129,736 
 
- time deposits 
4,841 
5,010 
 
- loans 
2,136,149 
3,277,314 
 
- other liabilities 
1,138 
1,584 
 
Total 
10,843,746 
11,253,643 
 
Customer Deposits 
The Credem Group offers its retail and corporate customers a wide range of deposit products, including savings 
accounts, current accounts, bonds and time deposits. As at 30 June 2022, banking direct deposits (including 
repurchase agreements) amounted to €38,132 million. Customer deposits are collected through the Credem Group's 
branch network and through relationship management with corporate clients. 
A breakdown of customer deposits as at 30 June 2022 and 2021 is provided in the table below: 
 
30 June 
 
(unaudited) 
€ millions 
2022 
2021 
 
Deposits 
34,638 
32,114 
 
Bonds and subordinated debt 
3,494 
2,613 
 
Direct deposits excluding repurchase 
agreements 
38,132 
34,727 
 
 
 
 
 
Banking direct deposits(*) 
38,132 
34,727 
 
Insurance reserves(*) 
8,322 
8,246 
 
Indirect deposits at countervalue 
52,341 
54,356 
 
Total Deposits 
98,795 
97,329 
 
 
(*) "banking direct deposits" include the contribution of the companies belonging to the Group, while "insurance reserves" 
include Credemvita insurance reserves and financial liabilities designated at fair value. 
A breakdown of indirect deposits as at 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 is provided in the table below: 
 
30 June 
€ millions 
2022 
2021 
 
Indirect deposits at countervalue 
52,341 
54,356 
 
- of which assets under management 
30,991 
32,203 
 
- of which assets under custody 
21,350 
22,153

--- Page 177 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 177 - 
47-41048211 
 
Subordinated Notes 
As at 30 June 2022, subordinated notes, in nominal value, of the Credem Group totalled €407,500 thousands (a 
10.9% decrease compared to €457,500 thousands as of 30 June 2021), as set out in the table below: 
 
30 June 
 
(unaudited) 
€ thousands 
2022 
2021 
Subordinated Notes (nominal value) 
407,500 
457,500 
On 17 March 2022, Credem received authorization to exercise the call option on the amount of 100 million Tier 2 
Callable Notes, maturing on 10 July 2027, and issued in 2017 (ISIN) XS1644438928. The call was authorised in 
view of the gradual reduction in the calculation of equity and the absence of prejudice to compliance with capital 
constraints on a consolidated basis. Credem effectively exercised the call on the aforementioned bond, as reported 
in the related press release included by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Bonds and Securities Portfolio 
As at 30 June 2022, the value of the Credem Group's bond and securities portfolio was €23,730,553 thousand, 
compared to €18,857,510 thousand as at 30 June 2021. 
The following table provides a breakdown of the Credem Group's bond and securities portfolio by book value as at 
the dates indicated: 
 
30 June 
 
(unaudited) 
€ thousands 
2022 
2021 
Debt securities* 
18,609,517 
14,172,670 
Equities securities 
167,010 
154,423 
Units of UCITS 
4,227,321 
4,281,862 
Derivatives instruments 
726,705 
248,555 
Total bond and securities portfolio 
23,730,553 
18,857,510 
 
 
As at 30 June 2022, the composition of the Group's securities portfolio was as follows (as compared with the Group's 
portfolio composition as at 30 June 2021). 
€ thousands 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
Debt securities 
18,609,517 
14,172,668 
Level 1 
18,582,802 
14,148,186 
Level 2 
6,288 
5,782 
Level 3 
20,427 
18,700 
Equity securities 
167,010 
154,423 
Level 1 
132,099 
149,583 
Level 2 
3,043 
2,746 
Level 3 
31,868 
2,094 
Units of UCITS 
4,227,321 
4,281,862 
Level 1 
3,910,756 
4,029,018 
Level 2 
98,062 
103,893 
Level 3 
218,503 
148,951 
Derivatives instruments 
726,705 
248,555 
Level 1 
720 
2,152

--- Page 178 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 178 - 
47-41048211 
 
Level 2 
725,722 
246,120 
Level 3 
263 
283 
Total bond and securities portfolio* 
23,730,553 
18,857,510 
IFRS 7 requires financial instruments to be measured at fair value. The fair value hierarchy introduces 3 levels of 
input based on the lowest level of input significant to the overall fair value, in particular: 
• 
Level 1: the fair value of financial instruments is calculated on the basis of listed prices observable on active 
markets (not adjusted) that may be accessed on the valuation date; 
• 
Level 2: the fair value of financial instruments is calculated on the basis of inputs other than the listed prices 
included in Level 1 directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability, also using valuation techniques; 
• 
Level 3: the fair value of financial instruments is calculated on the basis of non-observable inputs for the 
asset or liability, also using valuation techniques that cannot be observed in the market. 
• 
IFRS 13 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in 
an orderly transaction in the main market (or more advantageous) at the measurement date under current 
market conditions (namely an exit price), regardless of the fact that said price can be directly observed or is 
estimated using a different valuation technique. 
* Figures include loans measured at fair value as per mandatory requirements (which as of 30 June 2022 equalled 
€17,339) and loans to bank and loans to customers pertaining to insurance companies measured at amortized cost 
pursuant to IAS 39 (which as of 30 June 2022 equalled €342 and €2,029 respectively). Debt securities measured at 
amortized cost accounted under loans to customers and loans to banks and financial assets pertaining to insurance 
companies measured at amortized cost pursuant to IAS 39 have all been included in the Level 1 without considering 
their fair value (which as of 30 June 2021 equalled €8,049,994 and €2,065,993 respectively). 
Lending Activities 
The Credem Group, through Credem and its banking subsidiaries, conducts activities in the corporate and retail 
lending sectors in Italy. As at 30 June 2022, €33,511 million represented net loans to customers and repurchase 
agreements. 
The following table sets out the consolidated value of loans to non-bank customers for the periods indicated: 
30 June 
(unaudited) 
€ millions 
2022 
2021 
Loans to customers net of repurchase agreements 
33,511 
29,849.0 
Total 
33,511 
29,849.0 
The most significant customer segment for the Credem Group was lending to households and small businesses. A 
breakdown of loans to customers by type of borrower (according to the Bank of Italy classifications) as at 30 June 
2022 and 2021 is provided below: 
 
30 June 
 
(unaudited) 
2022 
2021 
€ millions 
% 
€ millions 
% 
Governments and other public entities 
629.8 
1.9 
286.1 
1.0 
Financial companies 
496.6 
1.5 
532.3 
1.8 
Non financial companies 
16,914.4 
50.5 
15,061.9 
50.5 
Others 
15,470.0 
46.2 
13,968.4 
46.8 
Total 
33,510.8 
100 
29,848.7 
100

--- Page 179 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 179 - 
47-41048211 
 
A breakdown of customer loans by instrument, as at 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 is set out below: 
30 June 
(unaudited) 
2022 
2021 
€ millions 
% 
€ millions 
% 
Current accounts 
2,022 
6.0 
1,565 
5.2 
Mortgages 
19,848 
59.2 
17,889 
59.9 
Credit cards and personal loans (incl. salary-backed 
loans) 
 
2,475 
 
7.4 
1,961 
6.6 
Financial leasing 
2,774 
8.3 
2,671 
8.9 
Factoring 
1,098 
3.3 
906 
3.0 
Other loans 
4,934 
14.7 
4,479 
15.0 
Debt securities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Impaired assets 
360 
1.1 
377 
1.3 
Total 
33,511 
100.0 
29,849 
100.0 
Non-Performing Loans 
The following table sets out a breakdown of non-performing loans to customers and provisions as at and for the 
half-year period ended 30 June 2022: 
€/millions 
Gross 
exposure 
 
Specific value 
adjustments 
 
Net exposure 
Non-Performing loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
Bad loans 
319 
 
235 
 
84 
Unlikely to pay loans 
385 
 
146 
 
239 
Past-due loans 
41 
 
8 
 
33 
Total Non-Performing loans 
745 
 
389 
 
357 
Bad loans represent exposure to customers in a state of insolvency, where legal or other actions have been taken 
with the aim of recovering the amounts outstanding. Unlikely to pay loans are loans due from the customers facing 
temporary difficulties. Past-due loans include the loans on which the payment of interest is overdue by more than 
90 days. 
The relative trend of impaired loans relating to the Credem Group is illustrated in the following table: 
 
30 June 
 
(unaudited) 
€ millions (except percentages) 
2022 
2021 
Net Bad loans/net loans to customers (%) 
Credem Group 
0.3 
0.4 
Industry(*) 
 
 
1.1 
1.2 
Provisions for losses (Bad Loans coverage) (%) 
2022 
2021 
Credem Group 
73.6 
72.7 
Gross exposures 
 
 
Bad loans 
318.9 
403.0 
Unlikely to pay loans 
385.2 
349.8 
Past-due loans 
41.3 
45.4 
Total Non-Performing loans

--- Page 180 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 180 - 
47-41048211 
 
745.4 
798.1 
Specific write-downs 
 
388.8 
 
420.7 
Net exposures 
 
 
Bad loans 
84.2 
109.8 
Unlikely to pay loans 
239.1 
230.7 
Past-due loans 
33.3 
36.9 
Total net exposures 
356.6 
377.5 
(*) Industry figures are taken from the monthly publication "Banche e moneta: serie nazionali" of the Bank of Italy, figures 
are as at June 2022 and June 2021 respectively. 
Loans to banks 
Loans to banks totalled €5,957.3 million as at 30 June 2022, compared to €11,310.3 million as at 30 June 2021, 
broken down by facility type as set out in the table below: 
 
30 June 
 
(unaudited) 
€ thousands 
2022 
2021 
Loans to central banks 
 
 
5,324,570 
10,662,763 
Time deposits 
0 
0 
Compulsory reserves 
5,324,570 
10,662,763 
Repurchase agreements 
0 
0 
Others 
0 
0 
Loans to banks 
632,704 
647,636 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
0 
90,489 
Time deposits 
0 
336 
Others 
632,704 
556,811 
 
 
Impaired Assets 
0 
0 
Total* 
5,957,274 
11,310,339 
* Does not include debt securities valued at amortized cost reclassified in this prospectus in Bonds and Securities portfolio 
section 
Leasing and Factoring 
Credemleasing has been operating in the leasing market since 1980. The company operates through branches 
located in various Italian regions and specifically Emilia Romagna, Lombardy, Veneto, Piedmont, Tuscany, Lazio, 
Campania, Puglia, Calabria and Sicily, and has set-up a series of sub-branches in certain offices of Credem and of 
other banks in the Credem Group throughout other regions of Italy. Credemleasing is active in all areas of financial 
leasing: vehicles, plant and machinery, real estate and shipping. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Credemleasing is among the leading leasing companies operating in Italy (Source: ASSILEA- Associazione Italiana 
Leasing, of which Credemleasing is one of the founding partners). 
As at 30 June 2022, total leasing receivables as at 30 June 2022 amounted to €3,021 million, compared to €2,924 
million as at 30 June 2021. 
Factoring activities within the Credem Group are performed through Credemfactor. Credemfactor was established 
in 1986 and is based in Reggio Emilia, with branches in various Italian cities, namely Milan, Brescia, Lecco, 
Padua, Turin, Bologna, Modena, Prato, Pisa, Rome, Latina, Naples, Barletta, Catania, and trading points at offices 
of other banks of the Credem Group throughout Italy. As at and for the half-year period ended 30 June 2022, the 
company's net profit amounted to €5,536 thousand, compared to €4,802 thousand as at and for the half-year period 
ended 30 June 2021.

--- Page 181 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 181 - 
47-41048211 
 
Wealth Management 
As at 30 June 2022, total asset under management amounted to €30,991 million of which mutual funds and SICAVs 
amounted to €13,379 million. 
The wealth management business is operated through Euromobiliare Asset Management, Credem International Lux, 
Credem Private Equity, Euromobiliare Advisory SIM and Credemvita. 
Other Services 
Credemtel S.p.A. offers technical support to the interbank corporate banking services division. 
Magazzini Generali delle Tagliate S.p.A. is based in Reggio Emilia and offers warehousing and maturing services 
for cheeses. Net profit as at and for the half-year period ended 30 June 2022 amounted to €406 thousand, compared 
to €461 thousand as at and for the half-year period ended 30 June 2021. 
Risk Management and Internal Controls 
The Credem Group has always considered high quality risk management to be a fundamental element and a strategic 
objective, so to ensure the safeguarding of its assets, maximum effectiveness and efficiency of the value creation 
process, integrate decision making and operational management of different business areas with a multidimensional 
risk-earnings assessment and to ensure consistency of operational processes with strategies, policies and internal 
regulations of the Group. 
Risk management for the Credem Group is performed by means of an integrated department which processes 
information regarding customers and the market. Credem's risk management policy is based on a stringent control 
of financial risks. Risk management procedures are developed and monitored by a department which is external to 
the Credem Group’s finance department. The rules relating to the Group's financial risks require regular reporting 
and supply of other information to Credem's senior management, committees and board of directors. Risk 
management and monitoring activity is undertaken by screen-based and electronic systems, which allow a real-time 
updating of the Group's positions. The risk management system is based on sensitivities to the key's risk factors, 
market value limits and value at risk ("VAR") measures. An asset and liability committee, which meets on a 
quarterly basis, monitors the Group's overall trend and exposure to financial risks. Derivative products are used 
principally for hedging purposes, or for trading with the customer base. 
In relation to the control of market risks, the Group's risk management policy focuses principally on Credem, which 
constitutes the most of the exposure to a market risks. 
The table below sets out Credem average market risk for trading book, calculated using VAR methodology (using 
confidence intervals of 99%, 10-day intervals and multiplying coefficient equal to 3) as at the dates indicated. For 
banking book is reported the Economic Value Sensitivity (Group level) to a shock of ±200 bps in interest rates. 
December 2021 
31 December 2020 
 
 
Avg. 
  
Max. 
  
Avg. 
  
Max. 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Trading book  
VaR Credem 
(€ mln) 
4.0 
 
14.2 
 
2.9 
 
7.6 
Banking Book 
Economic Value Sens 200bps 
(on Own Funds) 
2.4% 
 
5.4% 
 
1.9% 
 
4.1% 
 
The Net Interest Income Sensitivity of the banking book (Group level) on December 2021 is reported in the following 
table: 
 
31 December 2021 
€ millions 
-100 bps 
+100 bps

--- Page 182 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 182 - 
47-41048211 
 
NII Sensitivity 
-53.0 
+60.7 
The main objectives of Credem's credit policy are to increase customer loans whilst maintaining a high credit 
quality and avoiding impaired loans. 
Credem targets small-to-medium-sized companies, offering itself as a strategic, and not merely a financial, partner. 
The main basis for granting credit lines is the borrowing companies' ability to generate income and cash flow. 
Credem's credit risk management remains centralised and is based on a separation of the roles of the credit 
proposer/customer relations officer and that of the credit approval officer. In fact, the so-called "Central Credit 
Analysis Department" approves the majority of Credem's loans. Therefore, the branches which propose and 
manage the loans are responsible for deciding upon only a limited portion of Credem's loans. 
The customer relationship officer is responsible for gathering all necessary information regarding the customer to 
enable an analysis of its current and prospective credit-worthiness. The responsibility of the deliberating officer or 
body is to evaluate customer's credit-worthiness and thus to establish the appropriateness of the proposal. 
Particular care is taken in the analysis of credit requests relating to the construction and property sector and aimed 
at financing companies in general, as well as medium- long-term financing and participations in syndicated loans. 
The decision making process is as follows: 
(a) 
information gathering so to establish prospective clients' current and prospective credit-worthiness; 
(b) 
analysis of the information (balance sheet, budget, statistic data and sector analysis of prospective clients); 
(c) 
granting of an internal rating (this is a synthetic indicator of the client's risk level); and 
(d) 
definition of the amount and of the structure of credit lines and securities. However, maximum potential 
credit limits for each customer are defined by the Bank of Italy regulations. 
The number of officers involved in the credit decision process depends on the size of the credit being extended, 
according to an internal procedure that confers increasing powers of approval to officers at different levels of 
management. 
On 2 October 2015, the Bank of Italy authorised Credem to use (as of 30 September 2015) the IRB (Internal 
Ratings-Based Approach) Advanced method (PD, LGD, EAD) for the quantification of the capital requirements 
against customer credit risk under the corporate and retail portfolios of Credem and Credemleasing. The 
authorisation marked the completion of a roll-out plan, the implementation of which started in June 2008 with the 
authorisation to use the IRB Foundation method for the corporate customers of Credem. On 8 January 2021, ECB 
revoked the permission of the permanent partial use of the Standardised Approach for Equity exposure class and 
these exposures are now treated with the simple risk weight approach under the internals model approach. 
As part of its credit policy Credem accepts guarantees (personal and State) and pledged assets as collateral. 
Capital Adequacy 
The Bank of Italy has adopted risk-based capital ratios ("Capital Ratios") pursuant to the European Community 
("EC") capital adequacy directives. Italy's current capital requirements are, in many respects, similar to the 
requirements imposed by the international framework for capital measurement and capital standards of banking 
institutions of the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices. The Capital Ratios, revised 
after numerous innovations introduced by new Basel III regulations in force from 1 January 2014, compare capital 
requirements to face banks' assets and certain off-balance sheet items, weighted according to risks ("RWA"). 
Credem calculates and reports its Capital Ratios on a consolidated basis. In December 2016, Credem received 
notification of the ECB's final decision concerning the capital requirement it had to meet on a consolidated basis 
as of 1 January 2017. On 6 October 2017, the Credem Group was identified as a "financial conglomerate" by the 
ECB under Directive 2002/87/EC. Subsequently, on 1 March 2018, the ECB authorized Credem not to deduct its

--- Page 183 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 183 - 
47-41048211 
 
100% stake in Credemvita from the calculation of the Group's Capital Ratios, pursuant to Article 49 of the CRR 
Regulation. Such authorization was applied starting from the FY17 capital ratios. 
 
Following the SREP, the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement that Credem 
must comply on the basis of the consolidated situation of Credem Holding. On 14 December 2022, Credem and 
Credem Holding received the final decision of the ECB concerning the ECB SREP Decision, as published by the 
ECB on 8 February 2023. In particular, from 1 January 2023, the Credem Group must respect the following capital 
requirements on a consolidated basis: (i) Common Equity Tier 1 ratio at 7.56%; (ii) Tier 1 ratio at 9.25%; and (iii) 
Total Capital ratio at 11.5%. 
The table below sets out the own funds and capital adequacy ratios of the Credem Holding (prudential perimeter) 
as at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, in accordance with the relevant regulations. 
Group Capital Requirements 
30 June 2022 
31 December 2021 
Total own funds 
2,791.0 
2,993.4 
- 
of which Common Equity Tier 1 
2,452.5 
2,590.7 
- 
of which Tier 1 Capital 
2,512.1 
2,653.8 
Capital absorption relative to the following risks: 
 
 
- 
credit and counterparty risk 
1,277.8 
1,339.8 
- 
market risk 
26.8 
19.7 
- 
operational risk 
153.1 
153.1 
Total Capital Requirement 
1,457.7 
1,512.6 
(%) 
 
 
CET capital ratio(*) 
13.5 
13.7 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
13.8 
14.0 
Total capital ratio 
15.3 
15.8 
Minimum supervisory requirements(**) 
 
 
CET 1 capital ratio 
7.0 
7.0 
Tier 1 capital ratio 
8.5 
8.5 
Total capital ratio 
10.5 
10.5 
(*) if CET1<TIER1; CET1=T1 
(**) including the capital conservation buffer, it does not include the additional requirement as per the SREP decision (1% for 2022, without 
considering the capital relief measures for 2021) 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains, or incorporates by reference, certain financial measures and alternative performance 
indicators that Credem considers to constitute APMs for the purposes of the ESMA APM Guidelines. These APMs 
are used in order to help the assessment of the quality and sustainability of the net result of the Credem Group in 
the various business segments and territorial areas. Investors should view the APMs as complementary to, and not 
a substitute for, the figures determined according to IFRS.

--- Page 184 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 184 - 
47-41048211 
 
Credem considers the following financial measures to constitute APMs: 
APM 
Definition 
Reconciliation 
Asset Under 
Management 
(Page 30 of Credem 
Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements) 
The total market value of assets that 
an investment company or financial 
institution manages on behalf of the 
Group's 
clientele 
and 
which 
generate asset management fees 
based on a percentage of the assets' 
market value. AUM reflects assets 
that are generally managed for 
institutional, high net-worth and 
retail clients and are distributed 
through 
various 
investment 
products including mutual funds, 
other commingled vehicles and 
separate accounts. 
This APM and its components 
relate to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The value of Asset Under Management as at 
the end of June 2022 was €30,991 million 
calculated as the sum of the amount 
pertaining to the following products as on 
page 30 of the Credem Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements: portfolio 
management 
(€5,743 
million), 
mutual 
investment funds (€9,697 million), SICAV 
(€3,683 million) and other third party 
products (€11,868 million). 
The value of Asset Under Management as at 
the end of June 2021 was €32,203 million 
calculated as the sum of the amount 
pertaining to the following products as on 
page 34 of the Credem Half-Year 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements: portfolio 
management 
(€6,276 
million), 
mutual 
investment funds (€10,001 million), SICAV 
(€4,431 million) and other third party 
products (€11,494 million). 
Asset Under Custody 
(or Asset under 
Administration) 
(Page 29 of Credem 
Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements) 
Custodial 
financial 
assets 
administered 
for 
the 
Group's 
customers 
at 
countervalue, 
excluding brokerage assets. 
This APM and its components 
relate to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The value of Asset Under Custody (or Asset 
under Administration) as at the end of June 
2022 was €21,350 million, calculated as the 
difference between the "Indirect Deposit at 
Countervalue" 
and 
"Asset 
under 
Management" as from page 29 of the Credem 
Half-Year 2022 Consolidated. 
The value of Asset Under Custody as at the 
end of June 2021 was €22,153 million, 
calculated as the difference between the 
"Indirect Deposit at Countervalue" and 
"Asset under Management" as from page 33 
of the Credem Half-Year 2021 Consolidated. 
ROE 
(Page 59 of Credem 
Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements) 
Calculated as Profit for the period
 
on average "shareholders' 
equity" in the period. The ratio is a 
proxy of the profit (return) that the 
bank can generate leveraging on the 
shareholders' equity. 
This APM and its components 
relate to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of ROE as at the end of June 2022 
was 4.8% calculated as profit for the period 
(€155.7 million as at the page 31 of Credem 
Half-Year 
2022 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements (or item 350 of the "Consolidated 
Income Statement" at page 68)) on average 
"shareholders' equity" value (equal to 
€3,229.8 million and calculated as the 
average between the "shareholders' equity" as 
at the end of December 2021, €3,377.5 
million, and the "shareholders' equity" as at 
the end of June 2022, €3,082.0 million). Both 
numbers are presented and explained on page 
52 
of 
the 
Credem 
Half-Year 
2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The level of ROE as at the end of June 2021 
was 4.4% calculated as profit for the period 
(€136.4 million as at the page 52 of Credem 
Half-Year 2021 Financial Statements (item

--- Page 185 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 185 - 
47-41048211 
 
APM 
Definition 
Reconciliation 
350 
of 
the 
"Consolidated 
Income 
Statement")) 
on 
average 
"shareholders' 
equity" value (equal to €3,110 million and 
calculated as the average between the 
"shareholders' equity" as at the end of 
December 2020, €3,067 million, and the 
"shareholders' equity" as at the end of June 
2021, €3,153 million). Both numbers are 
presented and explained on page 59 of the 
Credem 
Half-Year 
2021 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements. 
non-interest margin / 
operating income 
According to the bank's P&L 
reclassification, this is the ratio 
between revenues related to fees 
and commissions, as well as trading 
activities and insurance products, 
on the bank's total income. It is the 
portion of total income less directly 
impacted by the evolution of 
interest rates. 
This APM and its components 
relate to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of the ratio as at the end of June 
2022 was 60.2% calculated as "non- interest 
margin" on "net interest and other banking 
income" (€415.4 million / €690.2 million; 
both numbers are presented and explained on 
page 31 of the Credem Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements). 
The level of the ratio as at the end of June 
2021 was 63.4% (as on page 52 of the Credem 
Half-Year 
2021 
Financial 
Statements) 
calculated as "non-interest margin" on "net 
interest and other banking income" (€405.7 
million / €639.9 million; both numbers are 
presented and explained on page 52 of the 
Credem 
Half-Year 
2021 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements). 
operating expenses / 
operating income (or 
Cost Income Ratio) 
(Page 59 of Credem 
Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements) 
According to the bank's P&L 
reclassification, this is the ratio 
between total 
costs, 
excluding 
"amortisation/depreciation", 
and 
the bank's total income. It is a 
measurement of the efficiency of 
the bank in managing its own 
business: the lower the ratio, the 
higher the bank's efficiency. 
This APM and its components 
relate to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of the ratio as at the end of June 
2022 was 57.6% (as on page 59 of the Credem 
Half-Year 
2022 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
calculated 
as 
"operating 
expenses" on "net interest and other banking 
income" (€397.4 million / €690.2 million; 
both numbers are presented and explained on 
page 31 of the Credem Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements). 
The level of the ratio as at the end of June 
2021 was 60.2% (as on page 52 of the Credem 
Half-Year 
2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
calculated 
as 
"operating 
expenses" on "net interest and other banking 
income" (€385.1 million / €639.9 million; 
both numbers are presented and explained on 
page 52 of the Credem Consolidated Half-
Year 2021 Financial Statements). 
ROA 
(Page 59 of Credem 
Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements) 
Calculated as Profit for the period 
on total assets. The ratio is a proxy 
of the profitability generated by the 
bank's assets. 
This APM and its components 
relate to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of the ratio as at the end of June 
2022 was 0.2% (as on page 59 of the Credem 
Half-Year 
2022 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) calculated as "Parent company's 
profit (loss) for the period" (€155.7 million: 
item 350 as on page 68 of the Credem Half-
Year 
2022 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) on "Total Assets" (€65,763.7 
million as from page 66 of the Credem Half-

--- Page 186 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 186 - 
47-41048211 
 
APM 
Definition 
Reconciliation 
Year 
2022 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements). 
The level of the ratio as at the end of June 
2021 was 0.22% (as on page 52 of the Credem 
Half-Year 
2021 
Financial 
Statements) 
calculated as "Parent company's profit (loss) 
for the period" (€136.4 million: item 350 as 
on page 74 of the Credem Half-Year 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements) on "Total 
Assets" (€62,529.9 million as from page 72 of 
the Credem Half-Year 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements). 
"Cost of credit" or 
"Cost of risk" 
(Page 59 of Credem 
Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements) 
Calculated as "Net impairment 
(losses)/reversals on loans" on 
"Loans to Customers". A low level 
of the ratio could be a driver of the 
quality of the bank's loans book and 
support the bank's profitability. 
This APM and its components 
relate to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of Cost of Risk as at the end of June 
2022 was -1 bps calculated as "net value 
adjustments to loans" (€2.5 million, as on 
page 31 of the Credem Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
on 
"Loans To Customers" (€33,511 as on page 
23 
of 
the 
Credem 
Half-Year 
2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements). 
The level of Cost of Risk as at the end of June 
2021 was -4 bps calculated as "net value 
adjustments to loans" (€15.2 million, as on 
page 52 of the Credem Half-Year 2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements) 
on 
"Loans To Customers" (€29,849 as on page 
27 
of 
the 
Credem 
Half-Year 
2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements). 
% level of Coverage 
(Page 25 of Credem 
Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements) 
Incidence of specific write- downs 
(allowances) 
on 
credit 
gross 
impaired loans (non- performing 
loans plus unlikely to pay and past 
due loans). The higher this ratio, the 
lower the value that the bank 
expects 
to 
recover 
from 
the 
impaired exposure. 
This APM and its components 
relate to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of coverage ratio as at the end of 
June 2022 was 52.2% calculated as "Expected 
losses" 
on 
"Non-Performing 
Loans 
– 
Nominal values" (€389 million / €745 
million; both numbers are presented on page 
25 
of 
the 
Credem 
Half-Year 
2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements). 
The level of coverage ratio as at the end of 
June 2021 was 52.7% calculated as "Expected 
losses" 
on 
"Non-Performing 
Loans 
– 
Nominal values" (€421 million / €798 
million; both numbers are presented on page 
29 of the Credem Half-Year 2021 Financial 
Statements). 
% net bad loans/ net 
loans to customers 
(Page 26 of Credem 
Half-Year 2022 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements) 
Incidence of bad loans on "Loans to 
Customers". It is a ratio that could 
be considered as a proxy of the 
quality of the bank's lending 
process: the lower the ratio, the 
higher the quality of the bank's 
loans book. 
This APM and its components 
relate to the performance of the past 
reporting period. 
The level of the ratio as at the end of June 
2022 was 0.3% (as on page 26 of the Credem 
Half-Year 
2022 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements), calculated as "Net Exposure – 
bad loans" (€84 million as from page 25 of the 
Credem 
Half-Year 
2022 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements) on €33,511 million 
(loans to customers as from page 23 of the 
Credem 
Half-Year 
2022 
Consolidated 
Financial Statements).

--- Page 187 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 187 - 
47-41048211 
 
APM 
Definition 
Reconciliation 
The level of the ratio as at the end of June 
2021 was 0.4% (as on page 30 of the Credem 
Half-Year 
2021 
Financial 
Statements), 
calculated as "estimated recoveries (on bad 
loans)" (€110 million as from page 29 of the 
Credem 
Half-Year 
2021 
Financial 
Statements) on €29,849 million (loans to 
customers as from page 27 of the Credem 
Half-Year 2021 Financial Statements). 
Credem believes that such measures provide useful information to investors regarding the financial position, cash 
flow and financial performance and in particular allow for comparison with similar measures published by other 
banks as well as average industry standards, and better illustrate specific aspects and trends of Credem's business 
activities. 
Recent Developments 
On 25 November 2022, Credem announced that, within the share purchase programme communicated to the market 
on 9 June 2022 following approval by shareholders' meeting held on 28 April 2022 (the "Share Purchase 
Programme"), Credem purchased about 1,500,000 treasury shares (equal about to the 0.44% of the share capital) 
at a weighted average price of Euro 5.72 per share, for a total value of Euro 8,577,314.05 in the period between 27 
June 2022 and 24 November 2022. Consequentially, the Share Purchase Programme has been closed. Therefore, 
further to the previous purchases, as at 25 November 2022 Credem held 1,827,2206 treasury shares, equal to 0.5353% 
of the share capital. 
In November 2022, Banca Euromobiliare S.p.A. changed its name into Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking. On 
18 February 2023, following the authorization issued by the supervisory authority, the merger by incorporation of 
the private banking business unit of Credem into Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking took effect. 
On 9 March 2023, the Board of Directors of Credem approved the individual and consolidated results for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022, affirming all the preliminary results approved last 6 February 2023. 
Management 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of Credem is responsible for the administration of its affairs. It oversees the overall 
performance of the Credem Group and approves significant transactions carried out by Credem and its subsidiaries. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors of Credem, and the respective positions of the 
individual Directors, are set out below: 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities performed by the Directors
outside Credem  
Date of Election 
Lucio Igino Zanon 
di Valgiurata 
Chairman of 
the Board of 
Directors 
Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. (C) 
29 April 2021 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (C)
Credem Private Equity S.g.r. S.p.A. (VC) 
Euromobiliare Advisory Sim S.p.A. (C) 
Credemassicurazioni S.p.A. (C) 
Other positions held in "Fenera Group"  
Luigi Maramotti 
Vice Chairman Other positions held in "Max Mara Group" 
29 April 2021 
Enrico Corradi* 
Vice Chairman Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. (VC) 
29 April 2021 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (D)

--- Page 188 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 188 - 
47-41048211 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities performed by the Directors
outside Credem  
Date of Election 
Credem Private Equity S.g.r. S.p.A. (C) 
Euromobiliare Fiduciaria S.p.A. (C) 
Other positions held in "Max Mara Group"  
Paola Agnese 
Bongini** 
Director 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. 
(D) 
29 April 2021 
Giorgia Fontanesi* Director 
Credemvita S.p.A. (D) 
29 April 2021 
Other positions held in Agenzia Fontanesi s.n.c.  
Mariaelena 
Fontanesi 
Director 
Woolrich Europe S.p.A. (A) 
29 April 2021 
Nuova Center S.r.l. (A) 
SAIET Telecomunicazioni S.r.l. (A) 
Elisabetta 
Gualandri** 
Director 
Mat3D S.r.l. (D) 
29 April 2021 
Euromobiliare Asset Management SGR S.p.A. (D)
Tages Capital SGR S.p.A. (C) 
Alessandro Merli 
** 
Director 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. 
(D) 
29 April 2021 
Ernestina 
Morstofolini * 
Director 
- 
29 April 2021 
Edoardo Prezioso 
* 
Director 
Credemleasing S.p.A. (D) 
29 April 2021 
Avvera S.p.A. (D) 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (D)
International Fashion Trading S.a.r.l. (D) 
Anna Chiara 
Svelto ** 
Director 
ENEL S.p.A. (D) 
Techedge S.p.A. (D) 
Technoprobe S.p.A. (D) 
29 April 2021 
Giovanni Viani 
Director 
Other positions held in "Group Pictet"  
29 April 2021 
 
_______________________________________ 
* Members of the Executive Committee 
** Independent board members pursuant to Article 148, paragraph 3, of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended and to Ministerial Decree No. 169/2020 
(C): Chairman of the Board of Directors VC: Vice Chairman 
(D): Director 
Pursuant to Credem's by-laws, the Board of Directors must at all times be composed of between 9 and 15 members, 
such number to be determined by the Shareholders' General Meeting. According to the by-laws, a voto di lista 
system is applied to elect the Board of Directors. In accordance with the by-laws, the Board of Directors is invested 
with complete powers of ordinary and extraordinary administration other than those reserved by applicable law or 
by the by-laws to the meeting of the shareholders. Pursuant to the by-laws, the Board of Directors is entitled to 
appoint and define the powers of an Executive Committee. Pursuant to applicable Italian law, directors may be 
elected for a term of up to three financial years and may be re-elected. The current Board of Directors was elected 
for a three-year term commencing on 29 April 2021 and its term will therefore expire on the date of the 
shareholders' meeting that will approve the annual financial statements for the fiscal year as at and for the year 
ending on 31 December 2023. 
The business address of the Directors is Via Emilia San Pietro, 4, 42121 Reggio Emilia, Italy. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any of the Board of Directors' duties to Credem and their private interests 
or other duties.

--- Page 189 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 189 - 
47-41048211 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Pursuant to Italian law, in addition to electing the Board of Directors, Credem's shareholders also elect a Board of 
Statutory Auditors (Collegio Sindacale) composed of three independent experts in accounting matters, plus two 
alternate auditors to replace statutory auditors who resign or are otherwise unable to serve. According to the by-
laws, a voto di lista system is applied to elect the statutory auditors. The current Board of Statutory Auditors was 
appointed for a term expiring on the approval of the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2024. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Statutory Auditors is made up of the following members. 
Name 
Principal activities  
Date of Election 
Anna Maria Allievi 
Other positions held in "CEM Ambiente S.p.A.", "Interpump 
S.p.A.", "COIMA SGR S.p.A."  
28 April 2022 
Giulio Morandi 
Credemleasing S.p.A. (CA) 
28 April 2022 
Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. (CA) 
Credemvita S.p.A. (A) 
Euromobiliare Advisory Sim S.p.A. (A) 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (CA) 
Credemassicurazioni S.p.A. (A) 
Magazzini Generali delle Tagliate S.p.A. (CA) 
Other positions held in "Wateralia S.p.A.", "Caprari S.p.A.", 
"Calpeda Sp.A." and "D.IT. Soc Coop." 
Maria Paglia 
Euromobiliare Asset Management Sgr S.p.A. (A) 
28 April 2022 
Credemleasing S.p.A. (A) 
Euromobiliare Fiduciaria S.p.A. (A) 
Avvera S.p.A. (A) 
Other positions held in "Fidiprof Nord Società Cooperativa", 
"Antichi Pellettieri S.p.A.", "Capo Nord Snc", "Montefalcone 
Srl", "APT Servizi"  
Stefano Fiorini 
- 
 28 April 2022 
Maurizio Bergomi 
Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. (A) 
 28 April 2022 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. (A). 
Avvera S.p.A. (CA) 
Credemfactor S.p.A. (CA) 
Euromobiliare Asset Management Sgr S.p.A. (A) 
Euromobiliare Advisory SIM S.p.A. (CA) 
Euromobiliare Fiduciaria S.p.A. (CA) 
 
_______________________________________ 
(CA): Chairman Auditor 
(A): Auditor 
The business address of the Statutory Auditors is Via Emilia San Pietro, 4, 42121 Reggio Emilia, Italy. 
There are no conflicts of interest between any of the Statutory Auditors' duties to Credem and their private interests 
or other duties.

--- Page 190 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 190 - 
47-41048211 
 
REGULATORY ASPECTS 
Introduction 
Credem is required to hold a license for its operations, the Credem Group is subject to regulation and supervision 
by authorities in the European Union and Italy and Credem Holding is subject to the perimeter of consolidation 
of the Credem Group (i.e. the Credem Financial Conglomerate). Extensive regulations are already in place and 
new regulations and guidelines are introduced relatively frequently. The rules applicable to banks and other 
entities in banking groups are mainly provided by implementation of measures consistent with the regulatory 
framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") "and aim at 
preserving their stability and resilience and limiting their risk exposure (see below "Basel III" and the "CRD IV 
Package"). 
Credem Financial Conglomerate is also subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB, the ECB, the European System of Central Banks and in relation to the activities carried out by 
Credemvita and IVASS. The banking laws to which Credem is subject govern the activities in which banks and 
foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks and limit their exposure 
to risk. In addition, Credem must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling 
practices. Since 6 October 2017, the Credem Group has been recognized by the ECB as a financial conglomerate, 
within the meaning of the FICOD (as defined below), comprising entities operating in both the banking and 
insurance sectors, controlled by Credem Holding (i.e. the Credem Financial Conglomerate). Since October 2017, 
Credem Holding qualifies as a "parent financial holding company in a Member State" ("EU Parent Financial 
Holding") for the purpose of the CRD IV Package, as subsequently amended (as defined below) and is included 
in the Credem Group's perimeter of consolidation (for further details, see below "FICOD"). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the regulatory framework governing international financial markets is 
currently under review in response to the credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations are being introduced 
in Italy and the European Union that will affect the Credem Financial Conglomerate, including proposed 
regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter Credem Financial Conglomerate's capital requirements. 
Basel III and the CRD IV Package 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
("BCBS") approved, in the fourth quarter of 2010, revised global regulatory standards ("Basel III") on bank 
capital adequacy and liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-quality capital, better 
risk coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress and the 
introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity 
standards. The Basel III framework adopts a gradual approach, with the requirements to be implemented over 
time, with full enforcement in 2019. 
In January 2013, the Basel Committee revised its original proposal in respect of the liquidity requirements in 
light of concerns raised by the banking industry, providing for a gradual phasing-in of the LCR with a full 
implementation in 2019 as well as expanding the definition of high-quality liquid assets to include lower quality 
corporate securities, equities and residential mortgage-backed securities. Regarding the other liquidity 
requirement, the net stable funding ratio, the Basel Committee published the final rules in October 2014 which 
took effect from 1 January 2018. A binding detailed net stable funding ratio was introduced as part of the Banking 
Reform Package (as defined below) published in 2019 and applicable from 2021, as better detailed below. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking regulations requirements: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment 
firms (the "CRD IV") and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the 
European Union of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended from time to time (the "CRR Regulation" and together with the "CRD IV, CRD IV Package"), 
subsequently amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 ("CRD V") and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 ("CRR II" and 
together with the CRD V, the "Banking Reform Package"). The CRD IV, as amended by the CRD V, is 
commonly referred to as the "CRD" and the CRR, as amended by the CRR II, is commonly known as "CRR". 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of time 
(the requirements are now largely fully effective as of 1 January 2019 and some minor transitional provisions

--- Page 191 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 191 - 
47-41048211 
 
provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the Banking Reform Package are 
provided in the paragraph "Revision to the CRD IV Package" below. 
National options and discretions that were previously exercised by national competent authorities are now 
exercised by the SSM in a largely harmonised manner throughout the Banking Union. In this respect, on 14 
March 2016, the ECB adopted Regulation (EU) No. 2016/445 on the exercise of options and discretions. 
Depending on the manner in which these options/discretions had been exercised by the national competent 
authorities and on the manner in which the SSM will exercise them in the future, additional/lower capital 
requirements may result. 
In addition to the capital requirements under CRD, the BRRD introduces requirements for banks to maintain at 
all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and eligible liabilities (the "Minimum Requirement for 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities" or "MREL"). Credem has to meet MREL requirements on a 
consolidated basis. MREL constrains the structure of liabilities and may require the use of subordinated debt, 
which would have an impact on cost and potentially on Credem's financing capacity. The Banking Reform 
Package also contains the Directive (EU) 2019/879 ("BRRD2"), which amended the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 ("BRRD", implemented in Italy with the BRRD Implementing 
Decrees), introducing, inter alia, significant changes to the standards regarding the calibration of the MREL 
requirement for banks that are systematically relevant and redefining the scope of MREL itself in order to align 
the eligibility criteria with those set out in the CRR so as to converge this ratio with the standard on total loss 
absorbing capacity for systemically important banks ("TLAC"). The BRRD, as amended by the BRRD2, if 
commonly referred to as BRRD. 
In Italy, the Government approved the Legislative Decree No. 72 of 12 May 2015, implementing the CRD IV 
Directive, that entered into force on 27 June 2015. This decree impacted, inter alia, on: 
(i) 
proposed acquirers of credit institutions' holdings, shareholders and Members of the management body 
requirements (Articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD IV Directive); 
(ii) 
supervisory measures and competent authorities' powers (Articles 64, 65, 102 and 104 of the CRD IV 
Directive); 
(iii) 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, Article 
71 of the CRD IV Directive); and 
(iv) 
administrative penalties and measures (Article 65 of the CRD IV Directive). 
The Bank of Italy published the supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular of the Bank of 
Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as subsequently amended from time to time by the Bank of Italy - the 
"Circular No. 285") which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing the CRD IV Package and then the 
Banking Reform Package, and setting out additional local prudential rules. Circular No. 285 has been constantly 
updated after its first issue. CRD and CRR are also supplemented in Italy by technical rules published through 
delegated regulations of the European Council and guidelines of the EBA. 
Capital Requirements 
According to Article 92 of the CRR, institutions shall at all times satisfy the following own funds requirements: 
(i) a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier I Capital ratio of 6%; and (iii) a Total 
Capital ratio of 8 per cent and (iv) a Leverage Ratio of 3%. These minimum ratios are complemented by the 
following capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: the capital conservation buffer applies to Credem pursuant to Circular No. 
285 and, from 1 January 2019, is equal to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets ("RWAs"); 
• 
Counter- cyclical capital buffer: set by the relevant competent authority between 0% and 2.5% (but 
may be set higher than 2.5% where the competent authority considers that the conditions in the Member 
State justify it), applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the credit 
growth excessive. The counter-cyclical capital buffer for the first quarter of 2023 was set by the Bank of 
Italy at 0%;

--- Page 192 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 192 - 
47-41048211 
 
• 
Capital buffers for global systemically important institutions ("G-SIIs"): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" varying depending on the sub-categories on which the G-SIIs are divided into. The lowest 
sub-category shall be assigned a G-SII buffer of 1% of the total risk exposure amount calculated in 
accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR and the buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in 
gradients of at least 0.5% of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) 
of the CRR. G-SIIs are determined according to specific indicators (e.g. size; interconnectedness, 
complexity) and, being phased in from 1 January 2016, became fully effective on 1 January 2019. Based 
on the most recently updated list of G-SIIs published by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") on 23 
November 2022 (updated annually), neither Credem nor any member of the Credem Financial 
Conglomerate is a G-SII and needs to comply with a G-SII capital buffer requirement; and 
• 
Capital buffers for other systemically important institutions at domestic level ("O-SIIs"): up to 3.0% as 
set by the relevant competent authority and must be reviewed at least annually, to compensate for the 
higher risk that such banks represent to the domestic financial system. Neither the Credem Financial 
Conglomerate nor the Credem Group has been identified so far by the Bank of Italy as an O-SII, therefore 
the Issuers do not need to comply with an O-SII capital buffer requirement. 
In addition to the above-mentioned capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV Directive, each Member 
State may introduce a Systemic Risk Buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 capital for the financial sector or one or 
more subsets of that sector in order to prevent and mitigate long-term non- cyclical systemic or macroprudential 
risks not otherwise covered by the CRD IV Package, in the sense of a risk of disruption in the financial system 
with the potential of having serious negative consequences on the financial system and the real economy in a 
specific Member State. 
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to provide for, inter alia, 
the introduction of: 
(i) 
the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the systemic risk buffer ("SyRB") for banks and banking 
groups authorized in Italy. In particular, the requirement to maintain a SyRB of Common Equity Tier 1 
is intended to prevent and mitigate macro-prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered with the 
macro-prudential instruments provided for by the CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II, the 
anti-cyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SII and for O-SII. The buffer ratio for systemic 
risk can be applied to all exposures or to a subset of exposures and to all banks or to one or more subsets 
of banks with similar risk profiles; and 
(ii) 
some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans (so-called 
"borrower-based measures"). Specifically, these are measures that are not harmonized at European level, 
which can be used to counter systemic risks deriving from developments in the real estate market and 
from high or rising levels of household and non-financial corporate debt. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy has not exercised its authority to introduce a SyRB or a 
borrower-based measure. 
Failure to comply with such combined buffer requirements ("Combined Buffer Requirements") triggers 
restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called "Maximum Distributable Amount" and the need for the 
bank to adopt a capital conservation plan on necessary remedial actions (Articles 140 to 141c of the CRD IV 
Directive and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section V of Circular No. 285). 
In addition to the requirements above, Regulation (EU) 2019/877 ("SRMR II") introduced new elements, 
including, inter alia, the maximum distributable amount related to MREL ("M-MDA"). In particular, pursuant 
to the SRMR II the SRB may set restrictions preventing entities from distributing more than the M-MDA via 
various actions (including dividend payments on CET1, variable remuneration and payments on AT1 
instruments). The M-MDA may be applied where the bank meets the combined buffer requirements on top of the 
own fund requirements (i.e. the bank is not under the prudential "Maximum Distributable Amount" restriction), 
but fails to meet the combined buffer requirements when considered in addition to the external and internal 
MREL (including subordination) as well as internal and external TLAC requirements. In addition, the M-MDA 
may also be imposed in cases of breaches of MREL. M-MDA regime became applicable on 28 December 2020 
for breaches when considered in addition to the external and internal TLAC requirements. For all other 
requirements (internal and external MREL including subordination), the M-MDA applies as from 1 January 2022 
(i.e. first binding MREL targets under BRRD).

--- Page 193 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 193 - 
47-41048211 
 
Moreover, Credem is subject on a consolidated basis to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the 
CRD IV Package, which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process ("SREP"). Following the SREP, the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital 
requirement that Credem must comply with a consolidated level on the basis of the consolidated situation 
of Credem Holding. Total SREP requirements assigned for 2023 (based on 2022 assessment) amount to 7.56% 
on CET 1 ratio. In detail, the ECB reaffirmed the Pillar 2 Requirement (P2R) at 1% for 2023. The P2 Requirement 
can be satisfied with CET 1 capital for 56.25%, leading total SREP requirement to be equal to 7.56%. 
In its publication of the 2016 EU-wide stress test results on 29 July 2016, the EBA recognised a distinction 
between "Pillar 2 requirements" (stacked below the capital buffers) ("Pillar 2 Requirements or P2R") and 
"Pillar 2 capital guidance" (stacked above the capital buffers). With respect to Pillar 2 capital guidance, the 
publication stated that, in response to the stress test results, competent authorities may (among other things) 
consider "setting capital guidance, above the combined buffer requirement". Competent authorities have 
remedial tools if an institution refuses to follow such guidance. The ECB published a set of "Frequently asked 
questions on the 2016 EU-wide stress test", confirming this distinction between P2R and Pillar 2 capital guidance 
and noting that "Under the stacking order, banks facing losses will first fail to fulfil their Pillar 2 capital guidance. 
In case of further losses, they would next breach the combined buffers, then Pillar 2 requirements, and finally 
Pillar 1 requirements". 
The distinction between Pillar 2 requirements and "Pillar 2 capital guidance" has been codified by the CRD V. 
Whereas the former are mandatory requirements imposed by supervisors to address risks not covered or not 
sufficiently covered by Pillar 1 and buffer capital requirements, the latter refers to the possibility for competent 
authorities to communicate to an institution their expectations for such institution to hold capital in excess of its 
capital requirements (Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) and Combined Buffer Requirements in order to cope with forward-
looking and remote situations. Under the CRD V, only P2R, and not Pillar 2 capital guidance, will be relevant 
in determining whether an institution is meeting its Combined Buffer Requirements. 
Non-compliance with Pillar 2 capital guidance does not amount to a failure to comply with capital requirements, 
but should be considered as a "pre-alarm warning" to be used in a bank's risk management process. If capital 
levels go below Pillar 2 capital guidance, the relevant supervisory authorities, which should be promptly 
informed in detail by the bank of the reasons of the failure to comply with the Pillar 2 capital guidance, will take 
into consideration appropriate and proportional measures on a case by case basis (including, by way of example, 
the possibility of implementing a plan aimed at restoring compliance with the capital requirements including 
capital strengthening requirements). 
With update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to align its provisions with 
Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD IV Directive, as amended by the CRD V. In particular, the amendments 
introduced to Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular No. 285 provide for, inter alia, the introduction of: 
(i) 
a clear differentiation between components of P2R estimated from an ordinary perspective and the Pillar 
2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory authorities may require banks to 
hold; and 
(ii) 
the possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of excessive 
leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio and Pillar 2 
Guidance Leverage Ratio). 
The compliance on the part of the Credem Group on a consolidated basis with minimum levels of capital ratios 
applicable on the basis of prudential rules in force and/or those imposed by the supervisory authorities (for example 
in the context of the SREP) and the achievement of the forecasts of a regulatory nature indicated therein depends, 
inter alia, on the implementation of strategic actions, which may have a positive impact on the capital ratios. 
Therefore, if such strategic actions are not carried out, either in whole or in part, or if the same should result in 
benefits other than and/or lower than those envisaged by the Credem Group on a consolidated basis, which could 
result in deviations, even significant, with respect to its objectives, as well as producing negative impacts on the 
ability of the Credem Group to meet the constraints provided by the prudential rules applicable and/or identified 
by the supervisory authorities and the economic situation, the financial assets of the Credem Financial 
Conglomerate itself. 
Should Credem not be able to implement the approach to capital requirements it considers optimal in order to 
meet the capital requirements imposed by the CRD IV Package, it may be required to maintain levels of capital

--- Page 194 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 194 - 
47-41048211 
 
which could potentially impact its credit ratings and funding conditions, and which could limit Credem's growth 
opportunities. 
Liquidity Cover Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio 
The Basel III agreements provided for (i) the introduction of a Liquidity Coverage Ratio, which expresses the 
ratio between the amount of available assets readily monetizable, in order to establish and maintain a liquidity 
buffer which will permit the bank to survive for 30 days in the event of serious stress (as of 1 January 2018, the 
indicator is subject to a minimum regulatory requirement of 100 per cent) and (ii) a Net Stable Funding Ratio, 
with a time period of more than one year, introduced to ensure that the assets and liabilities have a sustainable 
expiry structure. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2015/61, adopted on 10 October 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015, specifies the calculation rules of the 
LCR ("LCR Delegated Regulation"), while the relevant provisions concerning NSFR are included in the 
amendments to the CRR comprised in the EU Banking Reform referred to below. 
On 20 May 2022, amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were published in the Official Journal (Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/786 of 10 February 2022) and have applied as of July 2022. Most of these 
amendments has been introduced to better allow the credit institutions issuing covered bonds to comply, on one 
hand, with the general liquidity coverage requirement for a 30 calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, 
with the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement, as laid down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council. 
The Banking Reform - Revision to the CRD IV Package 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (i.e. the Banking Reform Package). The EU Banking 
Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD and the SRM 
Regulation (as such terms are defined below). These proposals were agreed by the European Parliament, the 
European Council and the European Commission and were published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 
2019, entering into force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions are applicable as of 28 June 2021, 
allowing for a smooth implementation of the new provisions. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes: 
(i) 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
(ii) 
changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement, pending 
the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the of the FRTB (as defined below) published in 
January 2019 by the BCBS, and then the application of own funds requirements as of 1 January 2023; 
(iii) 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop to 
risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution's Tier 1 capital; and 
(iv) 
a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance their 
long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding (liabilities) in 
order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the amount of available stable 
funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities and regulatory capital by appropriate 
factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. The NSFR will be expressed as a percentage 
and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating that an institution holds sufficient stable funding to 
meet its funding needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. The NSFR 
will apply at a level of 100% at individual and a consolidated level, unless competent authorities waive 
the application of the NSFR on an individual basis as of two years after the date of entry into force of 
the EU Banking Reform Package; 
(v) 
changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(vi) 
improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects. 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the "EU Banking Reform Package" regarding the banking sector 
were published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the amendments to the BRRD

--- Page 195 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 195 - 
47-41048211 
 
and to SRMR, (i) CRR II amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and (ii) CRD V amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures. The amendments proposed better align the current regulatory framework to international 
developments in order to promote consistency and comparability among jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while (i) the CRR II is applicable since 28 June 2021, 
excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent) and (ii) the CRD V and 
BRRD 2 have been implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which will 
be applicable subsequently (please see below). 
In Italy, the Government approved a Legislative Decree on 8 November 2021 ("Decree 182/2021") 
implementing the CRD V Directive and amending the Consolidated Banking Act. Decree 182/2021 entered into 
force on 30 November 2021. Decree 182/2021 impacts, inter alia, on: 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of the 
management body (Articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD V Directive); 
• 
competent authorities' powers to impose additional own fund requirements (Articles 104 and 104a of the 
CRD V Directive); 
• 
authorisation regime applicable to financial holding companies and mixed financial holding companies 
(Article 21a of the CRD V Directive); and 
• 
regime governing the banking groups and introduction of the status of "intermediate EU parent" (Article 
21c of the CRD V Directive). 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee concluded the review process of the standardised 
models (for credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital 
requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and introducing the so-called "output floor" 
(setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, when fully 
implemented, to 72.5% of those calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose is to 
enhance consistency and comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 2016 
and finally revised in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed in 
December 2017. Prior to becoming binding on the European banking system, the European Commission, which 
conducted a public consultation (closed on 3 January 2020) is assessing the potential impacts on the European 
economy. These new standards should be incorporated into EU legislation by a legislative proposal to amend the 
CRR (commonly known as CRR III), recently published by the European Commission within a package of 
reforms designed to review the EU banking rules. 
In particular, in October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package that includes 
also amendments to CRD V, the text of the proposal to amend the CRR II ("CRR III" and jointly the "2021 
Reform Package"). In particular, the 2021 Reform Package legislative initiative aims at implementing in the 
EU the 2017 Basel Accord and further elements not included in such international framework contributing to 
financial stability and to the steady financing of the economy in the context of the post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. 
This general objective can be broken down in five more specific objectives: 
(i) 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital requirements 
overall; 
(ii) 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework; 
(iii) 
to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools; and 
(iv) 
to reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access to 
institutions prudential data.

--- Page 196 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 196 - 
47-41048211 
 
(v) 
to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for 
internal MREL (i.e. "daisy chain approach"). 
Once agreement is reached on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process 
(European Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the Union, these 
regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in the 
capital calculation and increase capital requirements. 
The analysis carried out by the European Banking Authority (EBA), published in December 2019 upon request 
of the European Commission, shows that the adoption of the new Basel III criteria would require banks to 
increase minimum capital requirements ("MCR") by 23.6%, resulting in a current capital deficit of €124 billion. 
On 21 August 2020, the EBA was requested by the European Commission to update further its figures and 
published the new impact analysis on 15 December 2020. The overall impact is presented under two 
implementation scenarios: the first one updates the impact presented in the previous Call for Advice ("CfA") 
reports ("Basel III scenario"); the second one (the EU-specific scenario) considers the additional features 
requested by the European Commission in its CfA, (i.e. applying the SME supporting factors on top of the Basel 
SME preferential risk weight treatment; maintaining EU credit valuation adjustment exemptions; exercising the 
jurisdictional discretion contemplated in the Basel III framework to exclude the bank-specific historical loss 
component from the calculation of the capital for operational risk (internal loss multiplier = 1)). Under the Basel 
III scenario, the steady-state implementation of the overall reform scheduled for January 2028 could increase the 
minimum required capital ("MRC") amount, which includes Pillar 2 requirements and EU-specific buffers, by 
+18.5% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. Under the EU-specific scenario, steady-state 
implementation of the final Basel III framework (i.e. 2028) could increase the MRC amount by +13.1% with 
respect to the December 2019 baseline. The EBA has been conducting regular and ad-hoc quantitative impact 
studies to assess or monitor the impact of various rules on the EU banking sector. 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III framework 
on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the Basel Committee ("Basel 
III Monitoring Exercise"). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest regulatory developments at Basel 
Committee level in the following area: (i) global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking 
systems; (ii) the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (iii) the leverage ratio framework 
and disclosure requirements; (iv) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (v) the post-crisis reforms. 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
(i) 
percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) 
impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) 
Tier 1 shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital amount that banks 
need to fulfil the Basel III MCR. 
According to EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373 concerning information required for the monitoring of Basel 
supervisory standards published on 18 February 2021 ("EBA Decision"), the Basel III Monitoring Exercise, 
which is currently only being carried out on a small sample of credit institutions and on a voluntary basis, should 
be extended to a broader and stable set of credit institutions. In particular, in order to ensure consistency, accuracy 
and completeness of the data provided, G-SIIs and O-SIIs, as well as credit institutions whose Tier 1 capital 
equals or exceeds €3 billion, or total assets equal or exceeding €30 billion, should be included in the sample. 
Pursuant to EBA Decision, as of 31 December 2021, the Basel III Monitoring Exercise will become mandatory 
and will be carried out on an annual basis only. 
On 30 September 2022, EBA published its first mandatory Basel III Monitoring Report which assess the impact 
that Basel III full implementation will have on EU banks in 2028. According to this assessment, the full Basel 
III implementation would result in an average increase of 15.0% of the current Tier 1 minimum required capital. 
Thus, to comply with the new framework, banks would need EUR 1.2 billion of additional Tier 1 capital. 
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for market 
risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II.

--- Page 197 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 197 - 
47-41048211 
 
In particular, the implementing technical standards ("ITS") introduced uniform reporting templates, the template 
related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT solutions for the 
specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a reporting requirement. The ITS are 
expected to apply from September 2021. 
Revisions to the Basel III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III framework 
(known informally as "Basel IV"). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, including: 
(i) 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) 
limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB approach and 
the SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used; 
(iii) 
a new framework for determining an institution's operational risk charge, which will be calculated only 
by using a new standardised approach; 
(iv) 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
(v) 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution's total RWA generated by IRB models 
are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the standardised approach. 
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 2023, with 
the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2023 and reaching 72.5% as of 1 January 
2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested implementation date for the Fundamental 
Review of the Trading Book ("FRTB") to January 2025 to allow it to finalise the remaining elements of the 
framework and align the implementation date with the other Basel IV reforms. 
Additional reforms to the banking and financial services sector 
In addition to the substantial changes in capital and liquidity requirements introduced by Basel IV, the Banking 
Reform Package and the 2021 Reform Package there are several other initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, 
which represent additional regulatory pressure over the medium term and have the potential to impact the Credem 
Group's business and operations. These initiatives include, amongst others, a revised EU securitisation 
framework. On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament adopted the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (the 
"Securitisation Regulation") which it entered into force in January 2019, while a number of underlying 
regulatory and implementing technical standards delivered by the EBA and European Securities and Markets 
Authority are being adopted. The Securitisation Regulation introduced changes to the existing securitisation 
framework in relation to the nature of the risk retention obligation and due diligence requirements, the 
introduction of an adverse selection test for certain assets and a new framework for so-called "simple transparent 
and standardised securitisations" which will receive preferential capital treatment subject to a number of 
conditions. 
On 9 November 2015 the FSB published its final TLAC Principles and Term Sheet, proposing that G-SIBs 
maintain significant minimum amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract or structurally) to 
liabilities excluded from TLAC, such as guaranteed insured deposits, derivatives, etc. and which forms a new 
standard for G-SIBs. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet contains a set of principles on loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of G-SIBs in resolution and a term sheet for the implementation of these principles in 
the form of an internationally agreed standard. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet require a minimum TLAC 
requirement for each G-SIB at the greater of (a) 16% of RWA (as of 1 January 2019) and 18% of RWA (as of 1 
January 2022), and (b) 6% of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage ratio requirement (as of 1 January 2019), and 6.75% 
(as of 1 January 2022). Liabilities that are eligible for TLAC include capital instruments and instruments that 
are contractually, statutorily or structurally subordinated to certain "excluded liabilities" (including insured 
deposits and liabilities that cannot be effectively written down or converted into equity by relevant authorities) 
in a manner that does not give rise to a material risk of compensation claims or successful legal challenges.

--- Page 198 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 198 - 
47-41048211 
 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 establishing 
the Single Supervisory Mechanism for all banks in the Banking Union (euro area banks and banks of any EU 
member state that joins the Banking Union), which have, beginning in November 2014, given the ECB, in 
conjunction with the national competent authorities of the Eurozone states, direct supervisory responsibility over 
"significant credit institutions" established in the Banking Union. The SSM framework regulation (Regulation 
(EU) No. 468/2014 of the ECB) setting out the practical arrangements for the SSM was published in April 2014 
and entered into force in May 2014. Banks directly supervised by the ECB include any Eurozone bank in relation 
to which (i) the total value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 
billion – the ratio of its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three 
most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct 
assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered 
by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one 
participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total 
assets/liabilities. Credem and Credem Holding have been classified as significant supervised entities pursuant to 
the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation and, as such, are subject to the direct prudential 
supervision by the ECB. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of these criteria, the SSM may declare an institution significant to ensure the 
consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. 
The ECB is also exclusively responsible for key tasks concerning the prudential supervision of credit institutions, 
which includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw the authorisation of all credit institutions 
in the Eurozone; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings in other banks;(iii) ensure compliance with all 
prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential 
requirements for certain banks to protect financial stability under the conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure 
compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal capital adequacy assessment controls; and 
(vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant 
resolution authorities. The ECB has also the right to, inter alia, impose pecuniary sanctions. 
National competent authorities will continue to be responsible for supervisory matters not conferred on the ECB, 
such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and branches of third country banks, besides 
supporting ECB in day-to-day supervision. In order to foster consistency and efficiency of supervisory practices 
across the Eurozone, the EBA is developing a single supervisory handbook applicable to EU Member States. 
EU Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the BRRD entered into force. The BRRD is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in 
relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The implementation of the 
directive or the taking of any action under it could materially affect the value of the Notes. 
The Credem Group and Credem Holding, as being the parent company of a banking group, are subject to the 
provisions laid down by the BRRD. 
In this respect, it shall be noted that, as of 1 February 2023, Credem Holding holds 76.83% of the share capital 
of Credem, which is the parent company of the Credem Group. Credem Holding is not part of the Credem Group. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, according to the latest resolution plan adopted by the SRB for Credem 
Group, the key elements of which have communicated to Credem, the preferred resolution strategy of the SRB, 
in case of exercise of any bail-in power, designates Credem as the single point of entry. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the preferred resolution strategy of the 
Credem Group, as established by the SRB, will not be subject to material change in the future. Therefore, no 
assurance can be provided that Credem Holding will not be subject to one or more resolution tools or powers 
pursuant to the BRRD in the future. 
The BRRD provides competent authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly 
in an unsound or failing institutions so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical functions, while 
minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system.

--- Page 199 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 199 - 
47-41048211 
 
The BRRD applied by Member States as from 1 January 2015, except for the General Bail-In Tool (as defined 
below) which applied as from 1 January 2016. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone (except for the asset separation 
tool) or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (i) an institution is failing or likely 
to fail, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the 
failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (iii) a resolution action is in the public interest: (a) 
sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of 
its business on commercial terms; (b) bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all 
or part of the business of the firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or 
partially in public control); (c) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or 
problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed 
with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together 
with another resolution tool only); and (d) bail-in - which grants resolution authorities the power to write down 
certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to 
shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. shares, other instruments that confer ownership, instruments 
that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and 
instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the "General Bail-In Tool"), 
which equity could also be subject to any future application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorization; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, 
less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity 
of debt instruments (such as the Senior Preferred, the Senior Non-Preferred and the Subordinated Notes) and 
other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount of interest payable under 
such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes payable (including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period) and to restrict the termination rights of holders of such instruments, 
except for those secured liabilities which are subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD (infra). 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above 
resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilization tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such 
extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU 
state aid framework and the BRRD and will require a contribution to loss absorption from shareholders and 
creditors via write-down, conversion or otherwise, in an amount to at least 8% of the total liabilities (including 
own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, BRRD allows for three kind of extraordinary public support to be 
provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: (1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities 
provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; (2) a State guarantee of newly issued 
liabilities; or (3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalization. In the case of 
precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as 
holders of Subordinated Notes) contributes to the costs of restructuring. 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write-down or convert into shares or other instruments of ownership at the point of non-viability 
and before any other resolution action is taken ("BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption"). Any shares issued 
to holders of Subordinated Notes or other instruments of ownership issued upon any such conversion into shares 
or other instruments of ownership may also be subject to any application of the General Bail- in Tool. 
For the purposes of the application of any BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-
viability is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for 
resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution will no longer be viable unless the 
relevant capital instruments (including Subordinated Notes) are written-down or converted or extraordinary 
public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution 
would no longer be viable.

--- Page 200 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 200 - 
47-41048211 
 
Article 44, paragraph 2 of the BRRD excludes secured liabilities (including covered bonds and liabilities in the 
form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover pool and which, 
according to national law, are secured in a way similar to covered bonds) from the application of the General 
Bail-in Tool. 
On 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 ("Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2016/860") specifying further the circumstances where exclusion from the application of 
write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD was published on the Official 
Journal of the European Union. In particular this regulation lays down rules specifying further the exceptional 
circumstances provided for in Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the resolution authority may exclude, or partially 
exclude, certain liabilities from the application of the write down or conversion powers where the bail-in tool is 
applied. The Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 entered into force on 21 June 2016. 
In addition, a SRF (as defined below) financed by bank contributions at national level has been established and 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 provides for the modalities for the use of the fund and the general criteria to 
determine contributions to the fund. The SRF can only contribute to resolution if at least 8% of the total liabilities, 
including own funds, of the bank have bailed-in. 
The BRRD requires all Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund, reaching a level of at least 
1% of covered deposits by 31 December 2024. The national resolution fund for Italy was created in November 
2015 and required both ordinary and extraordinary contributions to be made by Italian banks and investment 
firms. In the banking Union, the national resolution funds set up under the BRRD were superseded by the single 
resolution fund, established by the European Regulation no. 806/2014 as of 1 January 2016 ("Single Resolution 
Fund" or "SRF") and those funds have been pooled together gradually. Therefore, as of 2016, the Single 
Resolution Board calculates, in line with the Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81/EU (the "Council 
Implementing Act"), the annual contributions of all institutions authorised in the Member States participating 
in the SSM and the SRM. The SRF is financed by the European banking sector. 
Under the BRRD, the target level of the National Resolution Funds was set at national level and calculated on 
the basis of deposits covered by deposit guarantee schemes. Under the SRM, the target level of the SRF is 
European and is the sum of the covered deposits of all institutions established in the participating Member States. 
This results in significant variations in the contributions by the banks under the SRM as compared to the BRRD. 
As a consequence of this difference, when contributions would have been paid based on a joint target level 
starting as of 2016, contributions of banks established in Member States with a high level of covered deposits 
could abruptly have decreased, while contributions of those banks established in Member States with fewer 
covered deposits could abruptly have increased. In order to prevent such abrupt changes, the Council 
Implementing Act (i.e. Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81) provides for an adjustment mechanism 
to remedy these distortions during the transitional period by way of a gradual phasing in of the SRM methodology. 
The Implementation of the BRRD in Italy 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government, namely the BRRD Implementing Decrees, as subsequently amended. 
The BRRD Implementing Decrees entered into force on the date of publication on the Italian Official Gazette 
(i.e. 16 November 2015), save that: (i) the bail-in tool applies from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a "depositor 
preference" granted for deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits 
of individuals and SME's applies from 1 January 2019. 
With respect to the BRRD Implementing Decrees, Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015 ("Decree 
No. 180") sets forth provisions concerning resolution plans, the commencement and closing of resolution 
procedures, the adoption of resolution measures, crisis management related to cross-border groups, powers and 
functions of the national resolution authority and also regulating the national resolution fund. On the other hand, 
Legislative Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 ("Decree No. 181") introduces certain amendments to the 
Consolidated Banking Act and the Financial Law Consolidated Act concerning recovery plans, intra-group 
financial support, early intervention measures and changes to creditor hierarchy. Decree No. 181 also amends 
certain provisions regulating proceedings for extraordinary administration ("amministrazione straordinaria") 
and compulsory administrative liquidation ("liquidazione coatta amministrativa") in order to render the relevant 
proceedings compliant with the BRRD.

--- Page 201 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 201 - 
47-41048211 
 
It is important to note that, pursuant to Article 49 of Decree No. 180, resolution authorities may not exercise the 
write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related 
hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a secured 
liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the value of the assets, 
pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking 
liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes of a particular Series may be subject to write-down/conversion upon an application of the 
General Bail-In Tool while other Series of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as appropriate, 
Subordinated Notes (or, in each case, pari passu ranking liabilities) are partially or fully excluded from such 
application of the General Bail-In Tool. Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of 
shareholders and creditors upon application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such 
protection is limited to the incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of 
the application of the relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency 
proceedings. It is therefore possible not only that the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may 
have been excluded from the application of the General Bail-In Tool and therefore the holders of such claims 
receive a treatment which is more favourable than that received by holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, but also that the safeguard referred to above does not apply to ensure 
equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders of such fully or partially excluded claims. This is due to the 
fact that the safeguard is not intended to address such possible unequal treatment but rather to ensure that 
shareholders or creditors do not incur greater losses in a bail-in (or other application of a resolution tool) than they 
would have received in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Furthermore, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency regimes 
such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage 
level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU (the "Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive") have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the 
ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non- preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not 
prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of 
creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Decree No. 181 
has amended the creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution 
as well as compulsory liquidation procedures, by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than 
those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SME's will benefit from 
a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that provided 
for individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. On 25 October 2017 
the European Parliament, the Council and the European Commission agreed on elements of the review of the 
BRRD. As part of this process Article 108 of the BRRD was amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member 
States were required to adopt and publish relevant laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to 
comply with the amendment to the creditor hierarchy by 29 December 2018. The recognition of the new class of 
so-called "Senior Non-Preferred Debt" has been implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD as regards the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. In Italy, the Directive has been implemented with the law 
No. 205/2017, modifying article 12bis of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Decree No. 181 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of set-off normally 
available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the absence of an express 
agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Subordinated Notes and holders of the Senior Preferred Notes 
will have expressly waived any rights of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, it is clear that the statutory right of set-off available under Italian 
insolvency laws will likewise not apply. 
The legislative decree intended to implement the revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy – namely, 
Legislative Decree no. 30 of 15 February 2016 – has been published in the Italian Official Gazette No. 56 of 8 
March 2016. The Decree came into force on 9 March 2016, except for Article 1 comma 3, let. A), which came 
into force on 1 July 2018. Amongst other things, the Decree amends Consolidated Banking Act and: (i) 
establishes that the maximum amount of reimbursement to depositors is EUR 100,000 (this level of coverage has 
been harmonised by the Directive and is applicable to all deposit guarantee schemes); (ii) lays down the minimum 
financial budget that national guarantee schemes should have; (iii) details intervention methods of the national 
deposit guarantee scheme; and (iv) harmonises the methods of reimbursement to depositors in case of insolvency 
of a credit institution.

--- Page 202 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 202 - 
47-41048211 
 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and "eligible 
liabilities", expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution (i.e. "Minimum 
Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities" - "MREL") of the total leverage ratio exposure, with a 
view to facilitating effective resolution of institutions and minimising to the greatest extent possible the need for 
interventions by taxpayers. "Eligible liabilities" (or bail-inable liabilities) are those liabilities and other 
instruments that are not excluded by the BRRD from the scope of the bail- in tool. The resolution authority of an 
institution, after consultation with the relevant competent authority, will set the MREL for the institution based 
on the criteria to be identified by the EBA in its regulatory technical standards. In particular, the resolution 
authority may determine that a part of the MREL is to be met through "contractual bail-in instruments". The 
BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a minimum amount for 
each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not being part of the Banking Union) or to the Single 
Resolution Board (the "SRB") for banks being part of the Banking Union. In 2018 the SRB move forward with 
setting binding MREL targets at consolidated level for all major banking groups in the remit of the SRB. Data 
collection for the determination of the MREL commenced in February 2016. MREL decisions for subsidiaries 
will be made in a second stage, based on, among other things, their individual characteristics and the consolidated 
level which has been set for the relevant group. 
On 23 May 2016, the Commission published a delegated regulation on MREL according to Article 45, par. 18 
of the BRRD, which entered into force on 23 September 2016 (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1450). 
Furthermore, given that the TLAC and the MREL aim to achieve similar objectives, the EU Commission intends 
to avoid the overlapping of requirements, in particular for G-SIBs, by elaborating an integrated standard 
harmonising TLAC and MREL in the EU which is likely to be applied, to some extent, also to O-SIIs. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed (including 
each member of the Credem Financial Conglomerate) as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors 
(including the Noteholders). As indicated above, holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes may be subject to write-down/conversion into shares or other instruments of ownership 
on any application of the General Bail-In Tool and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, non- viability loss 
absorption. 
The Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
Credem is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV Package on a consolidated 
level, which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the SREP. The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions 
have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and 
distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, as well as robust governance and internal 
control arrangements. The key purpose of the SREP is to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements as 
well as capital and liquidity to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might 
be exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial 
system. 
On 18 March 2022, the European Banking Authority ("EBA") published its final report on revised guidelines on 
common procedures and methodologies for SREP and supervisory stress testing. The EBA has developed the 
revised SREP guidelines in order to implement the changes brought by CRD V and CRR II. In particular, the 
revision of the Guidelines, while keeping the original framework with the main SREP elements intact, reflects, 
among other things, the introduction of the assessment of the risk of excessive leverage and the revision of the 
methodology for the determination of the Pillar 2 Guidance. Additional relevant changes are related to the 
enhancement of the principle of proportionality and the encouragement of cooperation among prudential 
supervisory authorities and anti-money laundering/combating the financing of terrorism supervisors, as well as 
resolution authorities. On 16 December 2022, the Bank of Italy reported to EBA that with update No. 40 of the 
Circular No. 285 the Italian regulatory framework has been aligned with the revised SREP Guidelines. The 
guidelines applies from 1 January 2023. 
For further information, please see also the paragraph "Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" 
virus" below.

--- Page 203 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 203 - 
47-41048211 
 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of significant 
revisions to the BRRD (i.e. the BRRD2). BRRD2 provides that Member States are required to ensure 
implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the implementation of 
the TLAC standard applying from January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL 
requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 
January 2022. The EU Banking Reform Package includes, amongst other things: 
(i) 
full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL regime. 
Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation methodology for MREL, 
criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal 
MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions; 
(ii) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are 
not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR 100 billion. In particular a 
first group of banks – collectively Pillar 1 Banks – includes: (i) resolution entities of G-SIIs and 
material subsidiaries of non-EU G-SIIs; (ii) banks with total assets exceeding EUR 100bn at the level 
of the resolution group (Top Tier Banks); and (iii) other banks chosen by the respective national 
resolution authority (NRA) which are not Top Tier Banks but are assessed as likely to pose a systemic 
risk in the event of failure (Other Pillar 1 Banks); while a second group of banks - non Pillar 1 banks. 
Credem is non Pillar 1 bank for this purpose. 
(iii) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(iv) 
amendments to the Article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD2 will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, 
and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, which only applies to G-SIIs, the BRRD2 provides that in case a 
bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL requirements, the resultant shortfall is 
automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be counted towards meeting the combined capital 
buffer requirement. However, under certain circumstances, BRRD2 envisages a nine-month grace period before 
restrictions to discretionary payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments, senior management of 
the bank and employees take effect due to a breach of the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 ("Decree No. 193"), implementing the 
BRRD2 into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 ("Decree no. 
180") and the Consolidated Banking Act. 
The provisions set forth in the Decree No. 193 includes, among other things: 
(i) 
Changes to the MREL regulatory framework 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree No. 180 aligned the Italian regulatory framework regulating 
MREL, and the criteria according to which it is calculated, to the provisions set forth in BRRD2. 
In particular, the amended version of Decree No. 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be determined by the 
Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria: 
(a) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate to meet 
the resolution's objectives; 
(b) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate group 
subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-in tool or 
write- down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, losses could be absorbed 
and that it is possible to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio to a level 
necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for authorisation, according to the 
regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution plan envisages the possibility for certain

--- Page 204 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 204 - 
47-41048211 
 
classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or to be transferred in full to a recipient under 
a partial transfer; 
(c) 
the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(d) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, due to 
the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the financial 
system. 
(ii)  
New ranking for subordinated instruments of banks which do not qualify as own fund 
Article 91 of the Banking Law has been modified by Decree No. 193 to transpose into the Italian legislative 
framework the provisions envisaged by Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91, subordinated instruments which do not qualify 
(and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items shall rank senior to own funds items (including any 
instruments only partly recognized as own funds items) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments. Moreover, 
if own funds items cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own funds items but 
junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
The abovementioned provisions also applies to instruments issued before the entrance into force of Decree No. 
193, such as 1 December 2021. 
(iii)  
New minimum denomination requirement 
Article 12-ter of the Consolidated Banking Act, introduced by Decree No. 193, provides for the determination 
of a minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms equal to Euro 200,000 
for subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities or Euro 150,000 for Senior Non-Preferred debt 
instruments ("strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello"). 
Any contracts entered into with non-professional investors and relating to investment services having as their 
object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Consolidated Banking Act issued after 1 December 
2021, that do not respect the minimum unit value, shall be declared as null and void (Article 25-quarter of the 
Financial Services Act, as amended by Decree No. 193). 
Without prejudice to the restrictions outlined above on the sale to retail investors, the ban previously in force on 
the placement of Senior Non Preferred debt instruments with non-qualified investors has been repealed by Article 
5 of Decree No. 193. 
As the BRRD2 has only recently been implemented in Italy and other Member States, there is uncertainty as to 
the effects of its application in practice. 
Also, certain provisions of the BRRD2 remain subject to regulatory technical standards and implementing 
technical standards to be prepared by the European Banking Authority. In addition to the BRRD2, it is possible 
that the application of other relevant laws, the CRD V and the CRR II and any amendments thereto or other 
similar regulatory proposals, including proposals by the FSB on cross-border recognition of resolution actions, 
could be used in such a way as to result in the Notes absorbing losses in the manner described above. Any actions 
by the relevant resolution authority pursuant to the powers granted to it as a result of the transposition of the 
BRRD, as amended by the BRRD2, or other measures or proposals relating to the resolution of financial 
institutions, may adversely affect the rights of holders of the Notes, the price or value of an investment in the 
Notes and/or the Credem's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
After having reached an agreement with the Council, in April 2014, the European Parliament adopted Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM"). The SRM became fully 
operational on 1 January 2016. However, certain provisions, including those concerning the preparation of 
resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities entered 
into force on 1 January 2015. On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a proposal to amend 
certain provisions of the SRM as part of the EU Banking Reform. In particular, the main objective of such

--- Page 205 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 205 - 
47-41048211 
 
proposal is to implement the TLAC standard and to integrate the TLAC requirement into the general MREL rules 
by avoiding duplication by applying two parallel requirements. 
The SRM, which complements the ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism, applies to all banks supervised by the 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism. It mainly consists of the SRB and the SRF. 
Decision-making is centralised with the SRB and involves the European Commission and the Council (which 
will have the possibility to object to the SRB's decisions) as well as the ECB and national resolution authorities. 
The Fund, which backs resolution decisions mainly taken by the SRB, will be divided into national compartments 
during an eight year transition period. Banks, starting from 2015, were required to start paying contributions 
(additional to the contributions to the national deposit guarantee schemes) to national resolution funds that 
gradually started mutualising into the Fund starting from 2016. 
The establishment of the SRM is designed to ensure that supervision and resolution is exercised at the same level 
for countries that share the supervision of banks within the ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism. 
The participating banks are required to finance the Fund. The total target size of the Fund is equal to at least 1% 
of the covered deposits of all banks in the Member States participating in the Banking Union. The SRF is to be 
built up over eight years, from 2016 to 2023, and the target must by law reach at least 1% of the amount of the 
covered deposits of the credit institutions in the Banking Union. 2023 will be the last years in which the SRF is 
still being built up, after which contributions should be level off. 
Credem is therefore required to pay contributions to the SRM in addition to contributions to the national deposit 
guarantee scheme. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the so-called, SRM II) amends the 
SRM as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization of credit institutions and investment firms. 
The FICOD 
European Directive 2002/87/EC on the supplementary supervision of the credit institutions, insurance 
undertakings and investment firms in a financial conglomerate, published in the Official Journal on 11 February 
2003, ("FICOD1"), as amended and supplemented by the Directive 2011/89/EU (the "FICOD2" and together 
with FICOD1, the "FICOD") is designed to introduce a comprehensive and harmonized regulatory framework 
for the prudential supervision on a group-wide basis of credit institutions, insurance undertakings and investment 
firms which are part of such a conglomerate, in particular as regards the solvency position and risk concentration 
at the level of the conglomerate, the intra-group transactions, the internal risk management processes at 
conglomerate level, and the fit and proper character of the management (the so-called "supplementary 
supervision"). 
The FICOD was required to be implemented into national laws by 11 August 2004. On 25 July 2005, Legislative 
Decree no. 142 of 30 May 2005, implementing the FICOD, was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale. 
According to FICOD, inter alia, every regulated entities the parent undertaking of which is a mixed financial 
holding company, which has its head office in the European Union, shall be subject to the supplementary 
supervision at the level of the financial conglomerate. In any case, the exercise of supplementary supervision at 
the level of the financial conglomerate shall in no way imply that the competent authorities are required to play 
a supervisory role in relation to mixed financial companies or unregulated entities in a financial conglomerate, 
on a stand-alone basis. 
Pursuant to Article 21a of CRD, as introduced by the CRD V, parent financial holding companies in a Member 
State and parent EU parent financial holding companies and EU parent mixed financial holding companies shall 
seek approval from the Bank of Italy unless an exception applies. Nonetheless, exempted financial holdings 
companies or mixed financial holding companies are not excluded from the perimeter of consolidation of the 
financial conglomerate. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Credem Group is enrolled in the European Supervisory Authorities register 
of EU financial conglomerated, being controlled by Credem Holding, as parent financial holding. As of the date

--- Page 206 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 206 - 
47-41048211 
 
of this Base Prospectus, Credem Holding relies on the exemption from approval provided for by Article21a of 
the CRD but is included in the perimeter of consolidation of the Credem Group. 
The regulatory Treatment of NPLs 
On 20 March 2017, the ECB published the "Guidance to banks on non-performing loans", and on 15 March 
2018 the "Addendum to ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans", both addressed to credit institutions, 
as defined pursuant to Article 4, paragraph 1, of the CRR. These guidance papers are addressed, in general, to all 
significant institutions subject to direct supervision in the context of the SSM, including their international 
subsidiaries. The ECB banking supervision identified in the aforementioned guidance a set of practices which 
are deemed useful to indicate the expectations of ECB in relation to banking supervision. The documents set out 
measures, processes and best practices which should be integrated in the treatment of NPLs by banks, for which 
this issue should represent a priority. The ECB expects full adherence by banks to these guidance papers 
regarding the treatment of NPLs, which is expected to take into account the length of time a loan has been non-
performing and the extent and valuation of collateral (if any). In particular, the addendum issued by the ECB on 
March 2018 provides that, with respect to all the loans that have been qualified as Impaired Loans from 2018, 
full coverage is expected for the unsecured portion of the NPL within two years and within seven years for 
secured portion at the latest. 
On 17 April 2019, the European Parliament and the Council have adopted Regulation (EU) 2019/630 which is 
applicable since 26 April 2019 and introduces common minimum loss coverage levels for newly originated loans 
that become non-performing. Pursuant to this regulation, where the minimum coverage requirement is not met, 
the difference between the current coverage level and the requirement should be deducted from a bank's CET1 
capital. Thus, the minimum coverage levels act as a "statutory prudential backstop". The required coverage 
increases gradually depending on how long an exposure has been classified as non-performing, being lower 
during the first years. In order to facilitate a smooth transition towards the new prudential backstop, the new 
rules should be applied in relation to exposures originated prior to 26 April 2019 and exposures which were 
originated prior to 26 April 2019 and are modified by the institution in a way that increases the institution's 
exposure to the obligor. 
Following the adoption of the new regulation on the Pillar 1 treatment of NPEs, on 22 August 2019 the ECB 
revised its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of new NPEs specified in the addendum in order 
to limit the scope to NPEs arising from loans originated before 26 April 2019, which are not subject to Pillar 1 
NPE treatment, and to align the treatment with the Pillar 1 framework with reference to: (i) the relevant prudential 
provisioning time frames; (ii) the progressive path to full implementation; (iii) the split secured exposures; and 
(iv) the treatment of NPEs guaranteed/insured by an official export credit agency. 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on tackling NPLs. More 
in detail, in order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks' balance sheets, the Commission proposed a 
series of actions with four main goals: (i) further develop secondary markets for distressed assets (in particular 
call for finalization of the Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral; 
establishing a data hub at European level; reviewing EBA templates to be used during the disposal of NPLs); (ii) 
reform the EU's corporate insolvency and debt recovery legislation; (iii) support the establishment and 
cooperation of national asset management companies at EU level; and (iv) introduce precautionary public 
support measures, where needed, to ensure the continued funding of the real economy under the BRRD. As a 
result, the European Commission published on 18 October 2022 the Communication on the guidelines for a best-
execution process for sales of non-performing loans on secondary markets. The main objectives of such 
communication are to (i) encourage good sell and buy-side processes for NPL transactions in EU secondary 
markets and, in particular, (ii) to help sellers and buyers that may have less experience with secondary market 
transactions throughout the sale process. 
In order to achieve (i) a better management of NPLs by increasing the efficiency of debt recovery procedures 
through the availability of a distinct common accelerated extrajudicial collateral enforcement procedure (AECE); 
and (ii) the development of secondary markets for NPLs in the EU's markets by harmonizing the regulatory 
regime for credit servicers and credit purchasers, the European Commission finalized and published on 8 
December 2021, in the Official Journal of the European Union, the Directive no. 2021/2167 on credit services 
and credit purchasers (the "NPLs Directive"). The NPLs Directive enters into force on the twentieth day 
following that of its publication in the Official Journal (i.e. 28 December 2021) and is expected to be 
implemented by the Member States by 29 December 2023. In accordance with Article 16(1) of the NPLs 
Directive, EBA published on 16 December 2022 its final draft implementing technical standards specifying the

--- Page 207 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 207 - 
47-41048211 
 
requirements for the information that credit institutions selling NPLs shall provide to prospective buyers. The 
objective of the draft implementing technical standards is to provide a common data standard for the NPLs sales 
or transfers across the European Union enabling cross-country comparison and thus reducing information 
asymmetries between the sellers and buyers of NPLs, thus improving the functioning of NPL secondary markets. 
The draft ITS have been submitted to the European Commission for adoption. 
The part of the Directive related to the AECE mechanism remains not adopted. 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and financial market 
to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. Most of these measures have been repealed or elapsed in the 
course of 2022 as a direct consequence of the revocation of the sanitary emergence in Italy. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between ABI and the Business 
Associations, the possibility of requesting suspension or extension was extended to loans granted until 31 January 
2020. The moratorium refers to loans to micro, small and medium-sized companies affected by the COVID-19 
outbreak. The capital portion of loan repayment instalments may be requested to be suspended for up to one year, 
later extended until 30 June 2021. The suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans (mortgages), 
including those concluded through the issue of agricultural loans, and to property or business assets leasing 
transactions. In the latter case, the suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of the leasing. On 21 
April 2020, through an agreement entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium was extended to 
credit to households, including the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans and unsecured 
loans repayable in instalments. These measures have not been further extended by Law no. 234 of 30 December 
2021 and will then expire once the small and medium-size companies, which had benefited from the moratorium, 
have repaid the relevant loans. 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive set of 
monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity conditions in the 
banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer-term refinancing operations (LTROs); second, 
protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental recalibration of the third series 
of targeted longer-term refinancing operations ("TLTRO III"); and, third, preventing tightening of financing 
conditions for the economy in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset purchase programme (APP). 
As to the APP, on 2 February 2022, the Governing Council of the ECB decided on the modalities for reducing 
the Eurosystem's holdings of securities under the APP. In particular, the APP portfolio will decline by Euro 15 
billion per month on average from the beginning of March until the end of June 2023, and the subsequent pace 
of portfolio reduction will be determined over time. 
Since the adoption of the abovementioned decision, the parameters and the conditions of the TLTRO III have 
been recalibrated on several occasions, as considered necessary and appropriate in light of the risks to the price 
stability, the monetary policy transmission mechanism and the economic outlook in the euro area. Thus, TLTRO 
III, as adjusted when warranted, have played a key role in maintaining price stability, in particular throughout 
the acute phase of the pandemic period, by preserving favorable financing conditions in a disinflationary 
environment and supporting the accommodative stance of monetary policy necessary to address the severe 
downside risks to the economy and price stability. Therefore, over the pandemic period, the ECB granted 
exceptionally favorable financing conditions to participating credit institutions through TLTRO III, with a view 
to sustaining lending to the real economy at a time of intense stress. 
Recently, a significant upward revision in the outlook for medium-term inflation (since the end of 2021) as well 
as in 2022 an unexpected high increase of energy costs, supply deficiencies and trade disruption, mainly due to 
the Russian invasion of Ukraine, caused a material rise in inflation which call for a reassessment of the 
appropriate monetary policy stance. 
As part of this re-evaluation package, on 27 October 2022, the Governing Council adopted decision no. 
2022/2128 ("ECB Decision No. 2128"), whereby it decided that from 23 November 2022 until the maturity date 
or early repayment date of each outstanding TLTRO III operations ("TLTRO III Operations"), the interest rate 
on TLTRO III Operations will be indexed to the average applicable key ECB interest rates over this period and 
no longer over the entire life of the program tranche. The measures laid down by ECB Decision No. 2128 have 
modified the TLTRO III program in a more restrictive way by removing almost all remuneration incentives and

--- Page 208 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 208 - 
47-41048211 
 
resulted in a sharp worsening of the funding rate and thus ECB introduced a new early repayment window on 
the date of the change effectiveness to allow banks to exit the program before relative conditions change. 
As of 30 June 2022, the total debt of the Credem Group with the ECB through TLTRO III amounts to Euro 8.29 
billion. 
The Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of €120 
billion until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase programmes. On 
18 March 2020, this was followed by the announcement of the Euro 750 Billion Pandemic Emergency Purchase 
Program (PEPP), increased with a further Euro 600 billion on 4 June 2020 and by €500 billion on December 
2020, for a new total of €1,850 billion. Net asset purchases under the PEPP ended as of April 2022. On 2 February 
2023, the Governing Council reiterated its intention to reinvest the principal payments from maturing securities 
purchased under the programme until at least the end of 2024. In any case, the future roll-off of the PEPP portfolio 
will be managed to avoid interference with the appropriate monetary policy stance. 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision leg, the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM), published the 
first supervisory response to provide banks with a temporary capital and operational relief. According to the ECB 
statements: i) banks are allowed to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance 
(P2G), the capital conservation buffer (CCB) and the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) to release resources for 
financing households and undertakings; ii) the ECB encourages also national macroprudential authorities to relax 
the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB); iii) banks are allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not 
qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital to meet the Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R), for example 
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) or Tier 2 instruments; iv) banks will discuss with the ECB further individual measures, 
such as modified timetables, processes and deadlines (e.g. for on-site inspections or remedial actions); v) 
flexibility will be granted for the application of the ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans to adjust 
to bank's specific situation due to Covid-19. 
On 10 February 2022, the ECB published a communication ("ECB Communication") whereby it announced 
that it sees no need to allow banks to operate below the level of capital defined by their Pillar 2 Guidance beyond 
December 2022, nor to extend beyond March 2022 the supervisory measure that allow them to exclude central 
bank exposure from their leverage ratios. Therefore, banks are: (i) expected to operate above Pillar 2 Guidance 
from 1 January 2023; (ii) re-include central bank exposures in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022; and (iii) have 
ample headroom above capital and leverage ratio requirements. 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 accounting issues due 
to the Covid-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by banks and Governments to address the 
situation, which affected compliance with the EBA Guidelines on the definition of default (DoD) and 
forbearance/past-due classifications of loans. 
The EBA statement of 25 March 2020 explained the functioning of the prudential framework in relation to the 
exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures in accordance with IFRS 
9. In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of the prudential framework 
concerning: 
(i) 
the classification of exposures in default; 
(ii) 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
(iii) 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures. 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential framework, clarifying 
that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in default, (ii) forborne exposure, or (iii) 
impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting Standard - IFRS9, in case of adoption of credit 
tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by national governments. 
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) 
addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and related disclosure 
requirements, in particular, as regards, the suspension (or deferral) of payments established for credit agreements 
(e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) under the principles set 
forth in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a Public Statement addressing the implications of the

--- Page 209 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 209 - 
47-41048211 
 
COVID-19 pandemic on the half-yearly financial reports of listed issuers (the "Public Statement"). The Public 
Statement provided recommendations on areas of focus identified by ESMA and highlighted: i) the importance 
of providing relevant and reliable information, which may require issuers to make use of the time allowed by 
national law to publish half-yearly financial reports while not unduly delaying the timing of publication; ii) 
the importance of updating the information included in the latest annual accounts to adequately inform 
stakeholders of the impacts of COVID-19, in particular in relation to significant uncertainties and risks, going 
concern, impairment of non-financial assets and presentation in the statement of profit or loss; and iii) the need 
for entity-specific information on the past and expected future impact of COVID-19 on the strategic orientation 
and targets, operations, performance of issuers as well as any mitigating actions put in place to address the effects 
of the pandemic. The Public Statement was conceived to be applicable also to financial statements in other interim 
periods when IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting is applied. It called on the management, administrative and 
supervisory bodies, including audit committees, of issuers and, where applicable, their auditors, to take due 
consideration of the recommendations included within the statement. 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of 
Supervision ("GHOS"), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of banks and 
supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of the Covid19 on 
the global banking system. 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of the 
outstanding Basel III standards: 
• 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred by one 
year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor has also been 
extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 has 
been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to significant banks to 
refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders for the duration of 
the economic shock related to COVID-19. ECB has decided to extend the recommendation on dividends until 1 
January 2021 with the New recommendation BCE/2020/35 that repeals Recommendation ECB 2020/19 of 27 
March 2020. The recommendation for banks to suspend and then to curtail their distributions was an exceptional 
measure intended for exceptional circumstances. The macroeconomic projections in mid 2021 confirmed the 
economic rebound and point to a further reduction in the level of economic uncertainty, which improved the 
reliability of banks' capital projections when compared to the beginning of the pandemic. These elements allow 
ECB to repeal the recommendation with effect from the end of September 2021. 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and share 
buy-backs. To this end, the ECB asked all banks to consider not distributing any cash dividends or conducting 
share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. Given the uncertainty over the economic 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB expected dividends and share buy-backs to remain below 15% of 
the cumulated profit for 2019-2020 and not higher than 20 basis points of the CET1 ratio. Banks that intended to 
pay dividends or buy back shares need to be profitable and have robust capital trajectories. They were expected 
to contact their Joint Supervisory Team to discuss whether the level of intended distribution is prudent. The 
recommendation remained valid until the end of September 2021. On 23 July 2021, the ECB decided not to 
extend dividend recommendation beyond September 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2021/31. In 
particular, the ECB considered that the reduced economic uncertainty allows the thorough supervisory 
assessment of the prudence bank's plans to distribute dividends and conduct share buybacks on an individual 
basis with a careful forward-looking assessment of capital plans in the context of the normal supervisory cycle. 
On 1 April 2020, the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the Expected 
Credit Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not done before, for applying 
the IFRS 9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to mitigate the First Time Application (FTA) 
capital impact of the new accounting principle.

--- Page 210 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 210 - 
47-41048211 
 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR to ease 
banking activity during the Covid-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households and businesses. 
The measures, both temporary and exceptional, have been promoted to mitigate the immediate impact of Covid-
19 related developments, which imply: 
• 
the reintroduction of prudential filters to manage the current situations of strong turbulence in the markets 
and to neutralize the effects of losses and gains on the value of debt securities held in the portfolio 
available for sale as if the securities were valued at cost instead of at fair value; 
• 
a temporary approach to market risk in order to allow supervisors to implement appropriate measures to 
avoid automatic increases in the quantitative addendum (in particular over the period January 2020 and 
December 2021); 
• 
more favourable treatment of government guarantees granted during the crisis, aligning the calendar 
provisioning applied to positions with government guarantees with the calendar provisioning applied to 
credits guaranteed by Export Credit Agencies; 
• 
early application of certain measures provided for in CRR2: i) extension of the SME Supporting Factor; 
ii) introduction of the Infrastructure Supporting Factor; iii) improved weighting calibration for loans 
guaranteed by salary/pension share disposals; iv) improved prudential treatment of software; 
• 
an adaptation of the timeline of the application of international accounting standards to banks' capital 
(IFRS9 phase-in arrangements); 
• 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage 
ratio of systemic banks ("G-SIB buffer"); 
• 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; 
• 
the introduction of a transitional regime for EU Sovereign exposures in the currency of another EU 
Member State. 
Following the positive vote of the plenary session of the European Parliament (19 June 2020), the "CRR Quick-
Fix" has been published in the European Official Journal on 26 June and has entered into force the following 
day (27 June 2020). 
In October and November 2020, the Council of Ministers approved the "Relieves" Law Decree (Law Decree 28 
October 2020, No. 137) and the "Relieves 2" Law Decree (Law Decree 9 November 2020, No. 149) which 
provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and production sectors, justice 
and safety linked to COVID-19 epidemic. Main measures introduced by the Law are a non-refundable aid for 
enterprises whose sectors have been restricted and the prorogation of "rental" Tax credit to October-December 
period and extension to enterprises with turnover exceeding Euro 5 million and which have had a 50% reduction 
of turnover. In March 2021, the Council of Ministers approved the "Support" Law Decree (Law Decree 22 March 
2021, No. 41) which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and 
production sectors linked to COVID-19 pandemic. Such decree introduces a new non-refundable aid for 
enterprises and professionals which have had a 30% reduction of turnover. 
Finally, among the measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 emergency, we recall the Capital Markets 
Recovery Package proposal (so-called "quick fix") published by the European Commission in July, which 
proposes targeted amendments to the MiFID, the Prospectus Regulation as w ell as the Securitization Regulation. 
The package aimed to provide European economies with some relief to face the crisis emerging from the 
COVID-19 pandemic. 
As to MiFID2, the proposal includes targeted amendments on: i) investor protection, ii) commodity derivatives 
and iii) research regime for SMEs.

--- Page 211 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 211 - 
47-41048211 
 
As to Prospectus Regulation, the amendments introduced in particular a new type of short-form prospectus to 
facilitate the raising of capital in public markets. 
As to Securitization Regulation, in addition to a review of the regulatory constraints to the securitisation of NPEs, 
the amendments in particular also extends the preferential treatment to all synthetic on-balance sheet 
securitisation that fulfil the simple, standardised and transparent (STS) criteria in order to help banks free up 
capital and promote the financing of the real economy, in particular to SMEs. 
Amendments to the Prospectus Regulations – approved by the European Parliament on 26 February – entered 
into force on 18 March 2021. 
The MiFID amendments, voted on 26 February as well, as being part of a Directive, had to be transposed into 
national laws by 28 November 2021 and are to be applied from 28 February 2022. 
Finally, following the vote by the European Parliament at the end of March 2021, on 6 April 2021, Regulation 
(EU) 2021/557, which introduces amendments to the Securitisation Regulation, and Regulation (EU) 2021/558, 
amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments to the securitisation framework to support the 
economic recovery in response to the COVID-19 crisis, were published on the Official Gazette of the European 
Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 2021.

--- Page 212 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 212 - 
47-41048211 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding Italian taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law and interpretation occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis. 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes or Coupons (if any) and 
does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such 
as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to additional or special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes or Coupons (if any) are advised to consult their own tax advisors concerning 
the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes or Coupons (if any). This summary will not be 
updated to reflect changes in laws or interpretation and if such a change occurs the information in this summary 
may become invalid. 
The following summary assumes that the Notes issued by the Issuers will be listed upon their issuance on a 
regulated market or multilateral trading facility of an EU or EEA Member State which exchanges information 
with the Italian tax authorities. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English term 
as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed by using the relevant 
Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English terms. 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
In this Italian Taxation section any reference to (i) the Notes includes also the Coupons (if any) and (ii) the 
Noteholders includes also the Couponholders (if relevant), where the context so admits. 
Italian tax treatment of interest and proceeds payable under the Notes qualifying as bonds or debentures similar 
to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended and supplemented ("Decree No. 239") sets 
out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") 
deriving from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by Italian banks or traded on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility 
of an EU or EEA Member State which exchanges information with the Italian tax authorities. 
For this purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and 
supplemented ("Decree No. 917") bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) are securities that: 
(a) 
incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount not lower than their 
nominal value; 
(b) 
attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to control or participate in the management of the issuer 
or in the management of the business in respect of which the notes have been issued; and 
(c) 
do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked to the profits of the issuer, or other companies 
belonging to the same group or to the business in respect of which the securities have been issued. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also applies to Interest from regulatory capital financial instruments 
(other than shares and assimilated instruments) complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, 
inter alia, Italian banks, as set out by Article 2, paragraph 22, of Law Decree No. 138 of 13 August 2011, as 
converted with amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011 and as further amended and clarified by Law 
No. 147 of 27 December 2013, and by Article 9 of Law Decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019 converted into Law No. 
58 of 28 June 2019.

--- Page 213 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 213 - 
47-41048211 
 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is the beneficial owner of Interest payments under the Notes and is: 
(i) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; 
(ii) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in accomandita semplice or a similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
(iii) 
a non-commercial private or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities or the Italian State or other pubic and territorial entity; 
(iv) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest deriving from the Notes and accrued during the relevant holding period is subject to a substitutive tax, 
referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26% (either when Interest is paid or obtained by the holder 
upon disposal of the Notes), unless the relevant Noteholder holds the Notes in a discretionary investment portfolio 
managed by an authorized intermediary and, under certain conditions, has validly opted for the application of the 
risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of November 21, 1997 
("Decree No. 461") (see "Capital gains tax applicable to the Notes" below). 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (i) to (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest will be included 
in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income taxation 
and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a credit that can be offset against the income tax due. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating 
to the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26% imposta sostitutiva) if the 
Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and 
the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment in 
Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are deposited with an 
Intermediary (as defined below), Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be 
included in the relevant Noteholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate 
taxation ("IRES") and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also to regional tax 
on productive activities ("IRAP"). 
Payments of Interest deriving from the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment funds and Italian 
resident real estate investment companies with fixed capital (SICAF, i.e. società di investimento a capitale fisso) 
(the "Real Estate Funds") complying with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements and subject to the 
regime provided for by, inter alia, Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 and/or Law Decree No. 44 of 4 
March 2014, each as amended, are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands 
of such Real Estate Funds, provided that the Notes are timely deposited with an Intermediary (as defined below). 
Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate Fund and income 
realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real 
Estate Fund may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26%. Moreover, subject to certain 
conditions, depending on the status of the investor and the percentage of its participation, income realised by Real 
Estate Funds may be attributed to the relevant investors and subject to tax in their hands irrespective of its actual 
collection and in proportion to the percentage of ownership of units or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
Where the Italian resident Noteholder is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than a Real Estate 
Fund), an investment company with fixed capital (SICAF, i.e. società di investimento a capitale fisso, other than 
a Real Estate Fund) or an investment company with variable capital (SICAV, i.e. società di investimento a capitale 
variabile) (together, the "Funds") and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a 
regulatory authority and the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary (as defined below), payments of Interest on 
such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. 
The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26% may in certain circumstances

--- Page 214 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 214 - 
47-41048211 
 
apply to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders or in case of redemption or sale of the units 
or shares in the Fund. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary (as defined 
below), payments of Interest relating to the Notes accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period to be 
subject to a 20% substitute tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year 
(which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes). Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum 
holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base 
of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, investment companies (società di 
intermediazione mobiliare, "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, management companies (società di gestione del 
risparmio), stock brokers and other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (together 
the "Intermediaries" and each an "Intermediary"). An Intermediary must (a) be (i) resident in Italy, (ii) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident Intermediary or (iii) an entity or a company not resident 
in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the Italian 
tax authorities having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and (b) intervene, 
in any way, in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the Notes. For the purpose 
of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with 
or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary meeting the requirements under (a) and (b) above, imposta 
sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent 
that, by the Issuer and gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy 
of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct the suffered imposta 
sostitutiva from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies, provided that the non-Italian resident Noteholder 
is the beneficial owner of relevant Interest (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial 
owners by operation of law) and is: 
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy 
listed in the list provided for by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 September 1996, as amended from 
time to time (possibly further amended by future Ministerial Decrees to be issued under Article 11, 
paragraph 4, let. c) of Decree No. 239) (the "White List"); or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or 
(d) 
an institutional investor which is established in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy listed in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders above must: 
(A) 
deposit, in due time, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or a SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or 
company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, 
with the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the 
purposes of Decree No. 239 (Euroclear and Clearstream qualify as such latter kind of depositary); and

--- Page 215 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 215 - 
47-41048211 
 
(B) 
file with the relevant depository a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until 
withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not required for international bodies or 
entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in 
case of foreign central banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, 
must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently 
amended. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 
No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on Interest 
payments to such non resident holder of the Notes. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26% (or at the reduced rate provided for by the applicable 
double tax treaty, if any, and subject to timely filing of the required documentation) in respect to Interest accrued 
in the hands of Noteholders who are resident, for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with Italy not included in the White List. 
Italian tax treatment of interest and proceeds payable under the Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds 
(titoli similari alle obbligazioni) under Article 44 of Decree No. 917 and qualify as titoli atipici ("atypical 
securities") pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended ("Decree No. 512"), 
may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26%. For this purpose, bonds or debentures similar to 
bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount not 
lower than their nominal value and which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or 
control of) the management of the issuer. 
Where the holder of the Notes is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases the withholding tax is a final withholding 
tax. For non-Italian resident holders of the Notes, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax 
treaty (to the extent the conditions for its application are met). 
The withholding is levied by the Italian intermediary intervening in the collection of the relevant income or in the 
negotiation or repurchasing of the Notes. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 
above mentioned withholding tax on Interest relating to the Notes which qualify as titoli atipici, 1983, if such 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Capital gains tax applicable to the Notes 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in 
accomandita semplice or a similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities, 
or (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the 
Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva provided for by Decree No. 461, levied at the rate of 26%. Under 
certain conditions and limitations Noteholders may set off capital gains with their capital losses. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain (redditi diversi), any Interest on the Notes accrued and 
unpaid up to the time of the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the sale price.

--- Page 216 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 216 - 
47-41048211 
 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for one of the three 
regimes described below: 
(a) 
under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the standard regime for taxation 
of capital gains realised by Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will 
be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the 
same kind, realised by the relevant investor holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The 
relevant Noteholder must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant 
incurred capital loss of the same kind, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains 
together with any balance of income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may 
be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years; 
(b) 
as an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the 
risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 of Decree No. 461). Such separate taxation of 
capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) 
and (ii) a valid express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by 
the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect 
of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains 
realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount 
from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this 
purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a 
capital loss, such loss may be deducted only from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same 
securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual 
tax return; or 
(c) 
any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have validly 
opted for the so called risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 of Decree No. 461 will be 
included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not 
realised, at year end, subject to a 26% substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. 
Under the risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed assets accrued at year end may 
be carried forward against any increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. The Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual 
tax return. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 
509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian capital gain 
taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes, 
if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Any capital gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income 
for IRES purposes and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the 
net value of the production for IRAP purposes, if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity 
(including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected), an Italian 
resident commercial partnership or an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva 
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. Subsequent distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate Fund and income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the 
event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real Estate Fund may be subject, in certain circumstances, 
to a withholding tax of 26%. Moreover, subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and 
the percentage of its participation, income realised by Real Estate Funds may be attributed to the relevant investors

--- Page 217 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 217 - 
47-41048211 
 
and subject to tax in their hands irrespective of its actual collection and in proportion to the percentage of 
ownership of units or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian Noteholder that is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the relevant tax period which is exempt 
from income tax. Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders and income realised by 
the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Fund may be subject, 
in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26%. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20% substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions 
(including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
The 26% imposta sostitutiva may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital gains realised upon sale, 
transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held or deemed to be held in Italy. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets in Italy or abroad are 
neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax (subject to timely filling of required 
documentation (in particular, a self-declaration stating that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes) 
with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which 
the Notes are deposited). The Italian tax authorities have clarified that the notion of multilateral trading facility 
("MTF") under EU Directive 2014/65/CE (so called MiFID II) can be assimilated to that of "regulated market" 
for income tax purposes; conversely, organized trading facilities (OTF), not falling in the definition of MTF under 
MiFID II, cannot be assimilated to "regulated market" for Italian income tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated markets are 
not subject to imposta sostitutiva provided that the Noteholder is the beneficial owner of the capital gain (certain 
types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) and is (i) resident for tax 
purposes in a country included in the White List; or (ii) an international entity or body set up in accordance with 
international agreements ratified in Italy; or (iii) a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) an institutional investor which is established in a country included in the White 
List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of establishment, in any case, to the 
extent all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, 
as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied 
with in due time, if applicable. In this case, if the non Italian Noteholders have opted for the risparmio 
amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon 
condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration 
(autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirements indicated above. 
If none of the conditions described above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from 
the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated markets and deemed to be held in Italy may be subject 
to imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26%. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains 
realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption 
of the Notes provided all the conditions for its application are met. In this case, if the non-Italian resident 
Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, exemption from 
Italian capital gains tax will apply upon the condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial

--- Page 218 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 218 - 
47-41048211 
 
intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement issued by the competent tax authorities 
of the country of residence of the non Italian Noteholders. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11(2) of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new tranche of Notes qualifying as bonds 
or debentures similar to bonds forming part of a single series with a previous tranche of Notes, for the purposes 
of calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new tranche of 
Notes will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the original tranche of Notes. This rule applies where 
(a) the new tranche of Notes is issued within 12 months from the issue date of the previous tranche of Notes and 
(b) the difference between the issue price of the new tranche of Notes and that of the original tranche of Notes 
does not exceed 1% of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years of the duration of the 
Notes. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and 
notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) are subject to a fixed registration tax of €200; (b) 
private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) are subject to registration tax only in case of voluntary 
registration, explicit reference (enunciazione) or case of use (caso d'uso). 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law No. 346 of 31 October 1990 and Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as subsequently amended, 
the transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes) as a result of gift, donation or succession of Italian 
residents and non-Italian residents (but in such latter case limited to assets held within the Italian territory – which, 
for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian resident issuers) are subject to Italian inheritance and gift 
taxes as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of the spouse and direct descendants or ascendants are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4% on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
€1,000,000; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of the brothers or sisters are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 
6% on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of all other relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law up to the third degree, 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6% on the entire value of the inheritance or 
the gift; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8% on the 
entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above 
in (i), (ii) and (iii) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, a threshold of €1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) as a result of death is exempt from inheritance tax 
when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
Stamp duties on financial instruments 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, as 
amended ("Decree 642"), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communications which may be sent by an Italian based financial intermediary to its clients in respect of any 
financial product and instrument (including the Notes) which may be deposited with such financial intermediary 
in Italy. The stamp duty is collected by the Italian resident financial intermediaries and applies at a rate of 0.2% 
and cannot exceed Euro 14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the basis 
of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, on the basis of face value or redemption value, or in

--- Page 219 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 219 - 
47-41048211 
 
the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets 
held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which it is 
not mandatory the deposit, the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 
months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, the 
stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 29 
July 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, 
financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that the relevant 
securities (including the Notes) are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary (and not directly held by the 
investor outside Italy), in which case Italian wealth tax (see below under "Wealth tax on financial products held 
abroad") applies to Italian resident Noteholders only. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, 
as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships 
in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes under certain conditions, are 
required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax return the amount of investments directly 
or indirectly held abroad. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, 
are the beneficial owner of the instrument. 
No disclosure requirements exist, inter alia, for investments and financial activities (including the Notes) under 
management or administration entrusted to Italian resident intermediaries and for contracts concluded through 
their intervention, provided that the cash flows and the income derived from such activities and contracts have 
been subject to Italian withholding or substitute tax by the intermediaries themselves. 
Wealth tax on financial products held abroad 
In accordance with Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with amendments by Law No. 
214 of 22 December 2011, as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes 
holding financial products – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required to declare in their 
own annual tax return and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2% ("IVAFE"). For taxpayers other than individuals, 
IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
The tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year (or, if earlier, at the end of the holding period) 
or – in the lack of the market value – on the basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the face or 
redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets held outside of the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers can generally deduct from the tax a tax credit equal to any wealth taxes paid in the 
State where the financial products are held (up to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of IVAFE if they are administered 
by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of income derived from 
the such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In this case, the above mentioned stamp 
duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The 
Issuer may be classified as foreign financial institution.

--- Page 220 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 220 - 
47-41048211 
 
A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies 
in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. On 13 December 2018, the Treasury and 
the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") issued Proposed Regulations (REG-132881-17) under FATCA, eliminating 
withholding on the payments of gross proceeds and deferring withholding on foreign passthru payments. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised 
as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign 
passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). 
However, if additional Notes that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT to be adopted in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it 
will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal was very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 221 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 221 - 
47-41048211 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a dealer agreement dated 10 March 2023 (the "Dealer Agreement"), agreed with the Issuers 
a basis upon which it or any other Dealer may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above. In 
the Dealer Agreement, the Issuers have agreed to reimburse the relevant Dealer for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the relevant Dealer against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of the 
existing Dealer and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme 
or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. For the purposes of this section, references in this section to "Dealer" 
and "Dealers" also refers to any Dealer or Dealers appointed subsequently. The Dealers are entitled in certain 
circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the Subscription Agreement prior to the 
closing of the issue of the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and Treasury regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or 
delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (a) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined and 
certified to the Issuers by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant 
lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act, if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area.

--- Page 222 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 222 - 
47-41048211 
 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Non-exempt Offer: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-
exempt Offer") following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has 
been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any 
such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt 
Offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuers for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in Paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuers or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes the legend 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
(or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or

--- Page 223 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 223 - 
47-41048211 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public 
in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) 
is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, 
as applicable, and the Issuers have consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the 
United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuers for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuers or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK 
Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
no deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business, and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuers; 
(b) 
financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuers; and

--- Page 224 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 224 - 
47-41048211 
 
(c) 
general compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the "CONSOB" pursuant to Italian securities legislation 
and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, 
and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the public and that sales of the Notes in 
the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other 
applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy 
except: 
(1) 
to "qualified investors", as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and any application 
provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Decree No. 58") and 
Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(2) 
hat it may offer, sell or deliver Notes or distribute copies of any prospectus relating to such Notes in an 
offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of publication of such prospectus, provided that 
such prospectus has been approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to CONSOB, all in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Decree No. 58 and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 
14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 11971"), and ending on the date which is 12 months after 
the date of approval of such prospectus; or 
(3) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the offer restrictions 
applies, as provided under the Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation No. 11971 and the 
applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended, 
Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other 
applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, pursuant 
to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic 
of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as 
amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be imposed by 
CONSOB or the Bank of Italy. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in 
France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as referred to in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only 
distribute or cause to be distributed, in France to such qualified investors, this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, 
any Drawdown Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.

--- Page 225 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 225 - 
47-41048211 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations 
of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its 
own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the 
Issuers and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or 
from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuers. Any such modification 
may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of 
Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 226 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 226 - 
47-41048211 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Name and Legal Form of the Issuers 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. is incorporated with limited liability as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the 
Republic of Italy, registered with number 01806740153 in the companies' register of Reggio Emilia and operates 
in accordance with the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. is incorporated with limited liability as a joint stock company (società per azioni) 
in the Republic of Italy, registered with number 00168990356 in the companies' register of Reggio Emilia. 
Corporate Purpose 
Credem's corporate purpose, as set out in Article 3 of its current by-laws, is deposit-taking and the carrying on of 
all lending as well as providing banking and financial services, including financings and other specially regulated 
activities. 
Credem Holding's corporate purpose, as set out in Article 3 of its current by-laws, is to carry out, exclusively and 
not with respect to the public at large, financial activities, in particular the acquisition of equity in companies 
and/or entities already incorporated or in the process of being incorporated. 
Share Capital of the Issuer 
Pursuant to art. 5 of the by-laws, the fully subscribed and paid-up share capital of Credem is Euro 341,320,065 
divided into 341,320,065 ordinary shares, with a nominal value of €1.00 each. 
Pursuant to art. 5 of the by-laws, the fully subscribed and paid-up share capital of Credem Holding is Euro 
49,436,553 divided into 16,478,851 ordinary shares, with a nominal value of €3.00 each. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the management board of Credem and 
Credem Holding both dated 6 February 2023. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Credem is 8156004B244AA70DE787. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Credem Holding is 815600AD83B2B6317788. 
Approval, Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. The Central Bank of Ireland has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that is the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Euronext Dublin and to be listed on the Official List. Euronext Dublin's regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuers and the relevant Dealer. The Issuers 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.

--- Page 227 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 227 - 
47-41048211 
 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in relation to 
the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains valid, copies of the following documents will, when published, be 
available for inspection in physical form from the registered office of the Issuers and on the relevant website 
indicated below: 
(a) 
the by-laws of Credem (statuto); 
(b) 
the by-laws of Credem Holding (statuto); 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
any future base prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Publication on the Internet 
The by-laws of Credem (statuto); are available on the Issuers' website at: 
https://www.credem.it/content/dam/credem/documenti/governance/corporate-
governance/Statuto%20CREDEM%202023%20in%20inglese.pdf  
The by-laws of Credem Holding (statuto); are available on the Issuers' website at: 
https://credemholding.it/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Articles_of_Association_2023.pdf.pdf. 
This Base Prospectus and the documents listed in paragraphs (c) and (d) above are available on the Issuers' website 
at: 
• 
https://credem.it/content/credem/en/credem-group/investor-relations.html; and 
• 
https://credemholding.it/investor-relations/  
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the Issuers' 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are 
available on Euronext Dublin's website (https://live.euronext.com/). 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to one or more specified Dealers or 
financial intermediaries (individual consent), any new information with respect to Dealers or financial 
intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the relevant Issuer. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any assets underlying issues of 
Notes constituting derivative securities except to the extent required by any applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 228 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 228 - 
47-41048211 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Notes 
are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by each Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuers and the Group and no significant 
change in the financial performance of the Issuers and the Group since 30 September 2022 and there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuers since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation 
The Issuers are not nor has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuers are aware) in the 12 months preceding the 
date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuers. 
Independent Auditors 
EY S.p.A. was appointed to perform the audit of the financial statements of Credem for the period from 2014 to 
2022 and of Credem Holding from 2014 to 2022. 
EY S.p.A. is registered in the Register of the Statutory Auditors, in compliance with the provisions of Legislative 
Decree No. 39/2010 as implemented by the MEF (Decree No. 144 of 20 June 2012). The registered office of EY 
S.p.A. is in Meravigli 12, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the Issuers and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking is a subsidiary of the Issuers and Credem 
is a subsidiary of Credem Holding. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers and their affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in 
the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers or Issuers' affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. The relevant Final Terms will specify any other 
interests of natural and legal persons involved in each issue/offer of Notes under the Programme. For the 
avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" also includes a parent company.

--- Page 229 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 229 - 
47-41048211 
 
ANNEX 1 
FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INFLATION-LINKED NOTES 
The Issuers can issue Notes which are linked to an Inflation index pursuant to the Programme, where the 
underlying index is either (i) the CPI (the "CPI Linked Notes"), (ii) the U.K. Retail Price Index (RPI) (all items) 
published by the Office of National Statistics ("RPI Linked Notes") or (iii) the Non-revised index of Consumer 
Prices excluding tobacco, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco 
published by Eurostat (HICP) ("HICP Linked Notes"). The following information provides an explanation to 
prospective investors about how the value of the Inflation-Linked Notes is affected by the value of the underlying 
index. 
"CPI" or "ITL" – Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees – Excluding Tobacco 
"Consumer Price Index Unrevised" means, subject to the Conditions, the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per 
famiglie di operai e impiegati (FOI), senza tabacchi" as calculated on a monthly basis by the ISTAT – Istituto 
Nazionale di Statistica (the Italian National Institute of Statistics) (the "Index Sponsor") which appears on 
Bloomberg Page ITCPIUNR (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service 
as may be nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying the level of such index), provided 
that for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest and the Final Redemption Amount, the first 
publication or announcement of a level of the Index (excluding estimates) by the Index Sponsor for a given month 
shall be final and conclusive and later revisions of the level for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
UK Retail Price Index 
The U.K. Retail Prices Index (the "RPI") is the most familiar general purpose domestic measure of inflation in 
the UK. The RPI has been used as a measure of inflation since 1947 and measures the average change from month 
to month in the prices of goods and services purchased by most households in the UK. The spending pattern on 
which the RPI is based is revised each year, mainly using information from official expenditure and food surveys. 
RPI is compiled by the UK Office of National Statistics (the "ONS") using a large and representative selection of 
approximately 650 separate goods and services for which price movements are regularly measured in 
approximately 150 areas throughout the UK. Approximately 120,000 separate price quotations are used each 
month in compiling the RPI. The UK Government uses the RPI for its own existing inflation-linked Notes. If 
prices rise compared to the previous month, the RPI goes up and if prices fall compared to the previous month, 
the RPI goes down. It takes a couple of weeks for the ONS to compile the index, so they publish each month's 
RPI figure during the following month, i.e. the figure relating to February will be published in March. The RPI 
figures used in the calculation of interest payments on the RPI Linked Notes and the amount due to be repaid on 
the RPI Linked Notes at redemption are numerical representations of where prices on a list of items bought by an 
average family stand at a point in time, in relation to their past values. 
More information on the RPI, including past and current levels, can be found at www.statistics.gov.uk. 
Eurostat Eurozone Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco Unrevised Series Non 
Seasonal Adjusted 
The Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP), as calculated and published by 
EUROSTAT and the national statistical institutes in accordance with harmonised statistical methods (the "HICP") 
is an economic indicator constructed to measure the changes over time in the prices of consumer goods and 
services acquired by households in the Eurozone. Following the Maastricht Treaty, the HICPs have been used as 
convergence criteria and the main measure for monitoring price stability by the European Central Bank in the 
Euro area, as well as for use on international comparison. 
HICP is the aggregate of the Member States' individual harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco 
("Individual HICP"). Each country first publishes its Individual HICP in conjunction with its consumer price 
index. Thereafter, Eurostat aggregates the Individual HICPs and publishes an HICP for the Eurozone, as well as 
a breakdown by item and by country. In any specific year, each country's weight in the HICP for the Eurozone 
equals the share that such country's final household consumption constitutes within that of the Eurozone as a 
whole for the year that is prior to that specified year. These weights are re-estimated every year in the January 
publication of the HICP.

--- Page 230 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 230 - 
47-41048211 
 
HICP is said to be harmonised because the methodology and nomenclatures for the index of prices are the same 
for all of the countries in the Eurozone and the European Union. This makes it possible to compare inflation 
among different Member States of the European Union. Emphasis is placed on the quality and comparability of 
the various countries' indices. 
HICP is calculated as an annual chain-index, which makes it possible to change the weights every year. This also 
makes it possible to integrate new entrants, as in the case of Greece in January 2001. If a new entrant is integrated 
in a specific year, it is included in the Eurozone HICP starting from January of that year. The new Member State's 
weight is included in the annual revaluation of the HICP. 
HICP is published every month on Eurostat's internet site, according to a pre-determined official timetable. 
Publication generally occurs around the 14th – 16th day of the following month. If a revision is made, it is 
published with the HICP of the following month. 
Base Year Change 
In Europe, the national statistics institutes change the base year of their price indices every 5 to 10 years. This 
procedure is necessary to ensure that the index follows changes in the consumption pattern through a new 
consumer spending nomenclature. The resetting of the base generally accompanies changes in the definition of 
household consumption that occur when the national accounting system is modified. Since 2006, the index 
reference period has been set to 2005 = 100. In order to obtain a common price reference period, too, the weights 
for each year are "price updated" to December of the previous year. 
More 
information 
on 
the 
HICP, 
including 
past 
and 
current 
levels, 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/hicp

--- Page 231 ---
10250686369-v21 
- 231 - 
47-41048211 
 
THE ISSUERS 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
Via Emilia San Pietro, 4 
42121 Reggio Emilia 
Italy 
Credito Emiliano Holding S.p.A. 
Via Emilia San Pietro, 4 
42121 Reggio Emilia 
Italy 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuers as to English law and Italian law 
Allen & Overy - Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
To the Arranger and the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli, 12 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
Credito Emiliano S.p.A. 
Via Emilia San Pietro, 4 
42121 Reggio Emilia 
Italy 
Credem Euromobiliare Private Banking S.p.A. 
Via S. Margherita 9 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland