--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
31 October 2022 
 
 
 
 
ÅLANDSBANKEN ABP 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
 
EUR 2,000,000,000 
Medium Term Note, Covered Bond, Tier 2 Note and Additional Tier 1 Capital Note Programme 
Under this EUR 2,000,000,000 Medium Term Note, Covered Bond, Tier 2 Note and Additional Tier 1 Capital Note Programme (the Programme), 
Ålandsbanken Abp (Ålandsbanken or the Issuer) may from time to time issue (i) medium term notes (MTNs); (ii) subject to fulfilment of the specific 
requirements set in the new Finnish Act on Mortgage Banks and Covered Bonds (laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 151/2022) 
(as amended or as replaced) (the New Covered Bond Act) issue further covered bonds (Covered Bonds) under the repealed Finnish Act on Mortgage 
Credit Bank Operations (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta, 688/2010) (as amended) (the Repealed Covered Bond Act); having the same terms 
and conditions (except for the first payment of interest on them, the issue price and/or the minimum subscription amount thereof) as the covered bonds 
issued under the Issuer’s previous base prospectuses and the related general terms and conditions (Tap Issue); (iii) tier 2 notes (Tier 2 Notes) and; (iv) 
additional tier 1 capital notes (the AT1 Notes), each as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes (MTNs, Covered Bonds, Tier 2 Notes 
and AT1 Notes together the Notes). The Notes may be denominated in EUR or SEK as specified in the final terms (the Final Terms). The Issuer is 
under the process of preparing the amendments due to the New Covered Bond Act and the Issuer’s next programme will be updated in accordance with 
the New Covered Bond Act. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (the Helsinki Stock Exchange) 
as specified in the Final Terms of the relevant series of Notes (each a Series). Each Series of Notes may comprise one or more tranches of Notes (each 
a Tranche). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes.  
This base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) should be read and construed together with any supplement or update hereto and with any other information 
incorporated by reference herein and, with the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Notes (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”).  
Besides filing this Base Prospectus with the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the FIN-FSA) for the purposes of facilitating a potential listing 
of Notes on the Helsinki Stock Exchange, the Issuer has not taken any action, nor will it take any action, to render the public offer of the Notes or their 
possession, or the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other documents relating to the Notes admissible in any jurisdiction requiring special 
measures to be taken for the purpose of a public offer.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities 
laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. This Base Prospectus or the Final Terms are not to be distributed to the United States 
or in any other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful.   
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating of  BBB+ by Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited (S&P). S&P is established 
in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such S&P is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated by S&P or unrated or by some other credit rating agency. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency. 
Arranger

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
PRIIPs Regulation / Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Mediation 
Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in point e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product 
governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 
(the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) 
and any regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2( 1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
  
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product 
governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, the terms Ålandsbanken and the Issuer refer to Ålandsbanken Abp, the term Group refers to Ålandsbanken and its consolidated 
subsidiaries, the term Arranger refers to Ålandsbanken Abp in its capacity as the arranger of the Programme and the term Dealer refers to any bank acting as 
dealer in relation to a Tranche of Notes. The term Noteholder refers to a holder of MTNs or Covered Bonds. Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in 
any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have the meaning attributed thereto in section “General Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section 
of this Base Prospectus. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129 (as amended), the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980, in application of Annexes 7 and 15 thereof, the Finnish Securities Market Act (14 December 2012/746 (as amended) and the regulations and guidelines 
of the FIN-FSA, if applicable. The FIN-FSA, which is the competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in Finland, has approved this Base 
Prospectus (journal number FIVA/2022/1403). The FIN-FSA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation, but assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the information contained herein. Such approval shall 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the qualities of the MTNs or Covered Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus.  
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in securities. 
 
Ålandsbanken will, as deemed necessary, supplement this Base Prospectus with updated information pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Otherwise, neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the information 
contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Base Prospectus is valid for one year from 31 October 2022 and 
is thus expiring on 31 October 2023. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
 
No Dealer has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and 
no responsibility or liability is accepted by any Dealer as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful 
to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or any Dealer which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of 
Notes. In particular there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, Australia, Canada, 
Great Britain, Hong Kong, Japan and Singapore (see “Selling Restrictions”). The Notes are governed by Finnish law, except for the registration of Notes in 
Euroclear Sweden, which shall be governed by Swedish law, and any disputes relating to the Notes shall be settled by Finnish courts in accordance with Finnish 
law.  
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English only. In accordance with an exemption set out in Article 7(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, no summary has 
been prepared.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Table of Contents ............................................................................................................................................... 4 
Overview of the Programme .............................................................................................................................. 5 
RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING THE Base PROSPECTUS ...................................................................... 12 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 12 
Overview of Issuer’s Cover Pool ..................................................................................................................... 39 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 40 
ÅLANDSBANKEN ABP ................................................................................................................................ 40 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................... 47 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 78 
Description of Ålandsbanken ........................................................................................................................... 79 
Management ..................................................................................................................................................... 84 
Summary of the Finnish Legislation regarding Covered Bonds ...................................................................... 89 
Characteristics of the Cover Pool ..................................................................................................................... 96 
Derivative Transactions .................................................................................................................................... 98 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................ 99 
Information Incorporated by Reference ......................................................................................................... 102 
Selling Restrictions ......................................................................................................................................... 104 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 106

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer: 
Issuer’s LEI: 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
7437006WYM821IJ3MN73 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes (including certain risks specific 
to Covered Bonds, Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes) issued 
under the Programme, certain market risks and risks 
relating to the illiquidity of the Notes. All of these are set 
out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
MTN, Covered Bond, Tier 2 Note and AT1 Note 
Programme 
Arranger: 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Dealers: 
Specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer and Paying Agent: 
Specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Programme size: 
Up to EUR 2,000,000,000. The Issuer may increase the 
maximum amount.  
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed outside the United States to, or 
for the account or benefit of, persons other than U.S. 
Persons (as such term is defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act) by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
EUR or SEK. 
Term of the Notes: 
Term of the Notes is for MTNs and Covered Bonds a 
minimum of one year, for Tier 2 Notes a minimum of 
five years and AT1 Notes will not have any scheduled 
maturity date. 
Extendible obligation: 
An Extended Maturity Date may apply to a Series of 
Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Issue price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is fixed or 
floating, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in book-entry form in the book-
entry system of Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest: 
The Notes may be issued as fixed interest rate, floating 
interest rate or zero coupon Notes, or a combination of 
any of the foregoing. Zero coupon Notes will be offered 
and sold at a discount, at par or premium to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Interest Cancellation 
Any payment of the interest on the AT1 Notes can only 
take place from the Issuer´s Distributable Items and may 
be cancelled at the Issuer´s discretion or mandatorily as 
required by Applicable Banking Regulation. 
 
Use of Benchmark: 
Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by 
reference to EURIBOR or STIBOR to the extent floating 
rate interest is applicable according to the Final Terms. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator 
of EURIBOR is the European Money Market Institute 
(EMMI). EMMI is registered in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks maintained by European 
Securities and Market Authority (ESMA) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) no 2016/1011 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds (the Benchmarks Regulation, BMR). 
EURIBOR is now considered compliant according to the 
Benchmarks Regulation and has been added to the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s (ESMA) 
Benchmark Register. 
 
The administrator of STIBOR is the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility (SFBF), a wholly -owned subsidiary 
of Swedish Bankers’ Association. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the SFBF is not included in the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, STIBOR may continue to be used while the 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (SWE-FSA) 
evaluates an application from SFBF to SWE-FSA on 27 
December 2021 to become an authorised administrator in 
accordance with the BMR.  
 
Categories of Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds that are secured by the Finnish Cover 
Pool shall be specified as Category FIN Covered Bonds 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Liquidity reserve 
The Issuer is committed to maintain a liquidity buffer 
covering 180 days of contractual maximum net outflows 
from the Covered Bonds issued until there are no more 
outstanding Covered Bonds. The liquidity buffer consists 
of contractual inflows and liquid assets in the Finnish 
Cover Pool. 
Certain Covered Bonds issued under the 2013 EMTN & 
Covered Bond Programme (as defined in “Information 
Incorporated by Reference”) which have the benefit of 
the Finnish Cover Pool (including covered bonds issued 
subject to the 2013 Conditions (as defined in 
“Information Incorporated by Reference”)) have been 
issued with terms that contain a liquidity reserve 
provision. Pursuant to this liquidity reserve provision, the 
Issuer is required to ensure that (i) the recorded value of 
all Public Sector Debt and Supplemental Assets in the 
Finnish Cover Pool does not fall below a certain level so 
long as such covered bonds are outstanding and (ii) in the 
event that there have been prepayments of principal in 
respect of the Mortgages in the Finnish Cover Pool which 
exceed a certain level that the Issuer shall add to the 
Finnish Cover Pool an amount of Public-Sector Debt 
and/or Supplemental Assets equal to the amount of such 
prepayments. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, there is one 
outstanding issue which terms include the liquidity 
reserve provisions, namely a EUR 100 million covered 
bond issue due 30 January 2023. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following an 
Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer upon giving not less than 30 
days’ but not more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders, prior to such stated maturity.  
 
Early redemption of Tier 2 Notes is subject to the 
Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6.10 
(Conditions to Redemption and Purchases) in the case 
above and in early redemption as a result of a Capital 
Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event. 
In relation to AT1 Notes only, they may be redeemed by 
the Issuer in the specified circumstances.  
No early redemption of Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes may 
take place without permission of the Competent 
Authority. 
The redemption amount will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
The minimum denomination of each Note will be EUR 
100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in SEK, the 
equivalent amount in SEK). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in 
Condition 17. In the event that any such deduction is 
made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 17, be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative pledge: 
None. 
Cross default: 
The terms of the MTNs (but not the Covered Bonds, Tier 
2 Notes and AT1 Notes) will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 13. 
Status of the MTNs: 
The MTNs will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations 
of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
mandatory law) equally with all other unconditional, 
unsubordinated, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations 
of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Category FIN Covered Bonds rank pari passu 
among themselves and with Derivative Transactions and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans in respect of the statutory 
right of preference to assets registered in the Finnish 
Cover Pool in accordance with the Repealed Covered 
Bond Act.  
To the extent that claims of holders in relation to Covered 
Bonds are not met out of the Finnish Cover Pool, the 
residual claims of such holders will rank pari passu with 
the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer including but not limited to the obligations under 
the MTNs. 
 
Status of the Tier 2 Notes 
The Tier 2 Notes constitute direct and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. In the event of voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the 
rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders to payments 
of the Outstanding Principal Amount and any other 
amounts in respect of the Tier 2 Notes (including any 
accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages awarded 
for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if 
any are payable) shall, at all times: 
 
(i) be subordinated to the claims of all senior creditors 
of the Issuer; and

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
(ii) rank at least pari passu with the claims of all Tier 2 
Notes of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, 
or by their terms, are expressed to rank pari passu 
with the Tier 2 Notes; and 
(iii) rank senior to any AT1 Notes, Parity Securities or 
any other obligations of the Issuer ranking, or 
expressed to rank, junior to the Tier 2 Notes of the 
Issuer.   
 
The Tier 2 Notes can be calculated into the Tier 2 Capital 
as set out in Article 63 of the CRR, provided that the 
requirements set out in the Applicable Banking 
Regulation are fulfilled. No holder of Tier 2 Notes shall 
be entitled to exercise any right of setoff or counterclaim 
against amounts owed by the Issuer in respect of the Tier 
2 Notes held by it. 
 
Status of the AT1 Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loss absorption mechanism of Tier 2 Notes 
and AT1 Notes: 
The AT1 Notes constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall, at all 
times rank: 
(i) pari 
passu 
without 
any 
preference 
among 
themselves;  
(ii) pari passu with (a) any existing AT1 Instruments of 
the Issuer and (b) any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank equally with the AT1 Notes on a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive 
repayment of capital and any other amounts in 
respect of the AT1 Notes (including any accrued but 
unpaid interest and other payments, if any are 
payable) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer;  
(iii) senior to holders of the Issuer’s CET1 Instruments 
and any other obligations or capital instruments of 
the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to 
the AT1 Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital 
and any other amounts in respect of the AT1 Notes 
(including any accrued but unpaid interest and other 
payments, if any are payable) on a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer;   
(iv) junior to present or future claims of (a) 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and (b) 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer including holder 
of Tier 2 Notes other than the present or future claims 
of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with or junior to the AT1 Notes; and 
(v) in accordance with Section 6(1), item 4 of the Finnish 
Act on the Order of Priority of the Creditors (laki 
velkojien maksunsaantijärjestyksestä 1578/1992) (as 
amended) and Chapter 1, Section 4 a (1), item 5 of 
the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (laki 
luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014) (as amended).

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
The AT1 Notes can be calculated into the Tier 1 Capital 
as set out in Article 52 of the CRR, provided that the 
requirements set out in the Applicable Banking 
Regulation are fulfilled. No holder of AT1 Notes shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim 
against amounts owed by the Issuer in respect of AT1 
Notes held by it.   
The Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes may be permanently 
written down upon a Trigger Event. 
Green Bonds: 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of 
Notes may provide that the Issuer will apply the proceeds 
from the issue of the Notes to finance or refinance 
projects and activities that purport to satisfy certain 
eligibility requirements determined by Issuer, promote 
climate 
resilient 
and 
sustainable 
economies 
or 
environmental and climate-friendly improvements or to 
other environmental and sustainable purposes (Green 
Assets and thereto related Notes, Green Bonds). 
Authorisation: 
The Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer dated 24.10.2022. 
Rating: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Further issues: 
 
A Series of Notes may be rated or unrated. If a Series of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme is to be rated, 
the rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to the relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been 
assigned a long-term credit rating of BBB+ by S&P. The 
Issuer's Covered Bonds are rated AAA by S&P. 
 
There is no guarantee that the rating of the Issuer or the 
Covered Bonds assigned by S&P will be maintained 
following the date of this Base Prospectus or that any 
other rating of any Series of Notes will be obtained or 
maintained. The Issuer may seek to obtain ratings from 
other credit rating agencies. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating 
agency. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of 
the holders of the Notes create and issue further Notes 
and other debt securities having the same terms and 
conditions as any Notes in all respects.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Listing: 
The Notes may be applied for listing on the Helsinki 
Stock Exchange. Unlisted Notes can also be issued. 
Governing law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Finnish 
law, except for the registration of Notes in Euroclear 
Sweden, which shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Swedish law. 
Selling restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes, see “Selling Restrictions”.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
Ålandsbanken Abp has prepared the Base Prospectus and Ålandsbanken accepts responsibility regarding the 
information contained in the Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of Ålandsbanken the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import.  
 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Mariehamn, Finland 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in Notes involves risk, some of which may be significant. When purchasing Notes, investors assume 
the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of 
the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to 
determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and 
certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence 
of events outside the Issuer’s control. However, the Issuer believes that the factors described below represent 
the principal material risks inherent in investing in the Notes currently known to the Issuer. 
The risk factors are presented below in the following categories:  
A. Risks relating to macroeconomic factors and to the financial and securities markets 
B. Risks related to the Issuer´s business activities and industry 
C. Regulatory risks 
D. Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme 
E. Risks related to Covered Bonds 
F. Risks related to the Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes 
G. Additional risks related to the AT1 Notes 
H. Risks related to Green Bonds 
I. Risks related to the Notes generally 
J. Risks related to the market generally 
 
While the categories are not presented in any order of materiality, within each risk category the most material 
risks, in the assessment of the Issuer, taking into account the negative impact on the Issuer and the probability 
of their occurrence, are presented first. However, the order in which the risk factors are presented after the 
first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative probability or the potential impact 
of their materialization.  
Should one or more of the risk factors described herein materialise, it may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s business and  financial condition, and thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes as  well as the market price and value of the Notes. As a result, investors may lose part of or all of 
their investment. 
A. Risks relating to macroeconomic factors and financial and securities markets 
 
The Groups earnings are affected by external changes that the Company itself cannot control. Among other 
things, the Group’s trend of earnings is affected by macroeconomic changes and changes in general interest

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
rates, share prices and exchange rates, along with higher expenses due to regulatory decisions and directives 
as well as the competitive situation.  
Macroeconomic conditions and development in Finland, Sweden and globally can adversely affect Issuer´s 
banking business, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
The deterioration of the general security situation in Europe due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the 
associated increasing financial uncertainty may lead to adverse effects on the general economic situation of 
both Europe and Finland, which in turn could lead to an increasing number of defaults and credit losses, and a 
decrease in demand for the Group’s banking services and financial products, potentially effecting the Group’s 
results and financing costs adversely. Market fluctuations and volatility may also adversely affect the Issuer’s 
commission income from asset management. Interest income could also decrease in the event of a deteriorating 
general economic and security situation.   
 
Recent accelerations in global, European, and Nordic inflation levels, largely driven by rising energy and food 
prices, have led central banks to take action in form of interest rate hikes. Based on signaling from central 
banks and market expectations interest rate hikes may continue, potentially leading to a slowdown of the 
economic environment, and considering high sovereign debt levels, including Finland and Sweden’s, even to 
a recession in the global economy.  
 
In general, Russia’s illegal and unprovoked invasion of Ukraine and the EU’s sanctioning of Russia lead to a 
more volatile and unpredictable global economy and financial market. The effects of these geopolitical 
developments are likely to affect Finland considerably, due to the close geographical proximity between 
Finland and Russia and due to the significant trade share Finland holds with Russia. Sanctions and 
countersanctions affect Finnish industry and exports considerably, once again putting pressure on national and 
global productions chains.  
Finland and Sweden are both in the application process for full membership of the North Atlantic Treaty 
Organisation (NATO). Application to NATO is presumed to entail a heightened security risk for both Finland 
and Sweden. Additionally, since the timeline for the application process is uncertain, the length of the increased 
security risk level is difficult to determine. Receiving full NATO membership could affect bilateral relations 
with Russia adversely, but the effects of this substantial change in foreign policy on the national security and 
economic situation are not yet known. 
Adverse changes in the Finnish, Swedish and global macroeconomic circumstances and development could 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer´s banking business, results of operations and liquidity. Relevant 
macroeconomic factors to the Issuer are housing and commercial properties market development in Finland 
and Sweden, unemployment ratios in both countries, development of interest rates and development of 
households´ disposable income.   
In recent years, housing and residential property values outside domestic, both Finland and Sweden, growth 
centres have declined. Although the majority of the housing and residential property collateral of the mortgage 
loans granted by the Issuer is located in major cities and growth centres where housing and residential property 
values have not, in general, severely declined in recent years, the value of housing and residential property 
located in growth centres may in the future generally decline, or certain residential areas or districts may 
become less attractive leading to a decline in the values of the housing and residential property in such areas 
thereby reducing the value of the collateral of the Issuer. Centralization of the property could also constitute a 
problem if values on the growth centres would reduce.  
Macroeconomic adverse changes could affect debtors´ economic situation and, consequently, their ability to 
fulfil their credit obligations towards the Issuer. It could also have an adverse effect on the development on 
the residential markets and commercial real estate markets, which form majority of the securities for the 
Issuer’s credits.  
Adverse changes in the macroeconomic conditions and more specifically on the housing markets and 
commercial properties could have an adverse effect on the Finnish Cover Pool. Covered Bonds issued under

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
the Programme will have the benefit of the Finnish Cover Pool (see “Overview of Issuer’s Finnish Cover 
Pool” and “Characteristics of the Finnish Cover Pool”). The Finnish Cover Pool includes loans secured by 
housing properties located in Finland and may also include loans secured by commercial properties in Finland. 
Accordingly, the credit quality of the Finnish Cover Pool could be adversely affected by adverse developments 
in the housing markets and commercial property markets of Finland. (See also “Credit risk relating to housing 
loans and corporations”.)  
 
The Group monitors the development of the Covid-19 pandemic and assesses its impact on the business 
environment. A prolonged pandemic could have an adverse effect on the business environment and have an 
impact on corporate customers´ ability to fulfil their credit obligations as well as lead to long-term 
unemployment which in turn affects private customers´ ability to fulfil their credit obligations. 
 
Circumstances in the financial and capital markets 
A negative development in the financial and securities market could have an adverse effect on the availability 
of funding from the debt capital markets which could lead to liquidity constraints for the Issuer. This could 
have an adverse effect on the business and results of the Issuer. 
Changes in the global financial market and developments in the fixed income and stock markets create 
uncertainty of the global economy. This could have a negative impact on the economic conditions and as a 
consequence on the Issuer’s creditors’ ability to fulfil their credit obligations towards the Issuer. 
 
B. Risks related to the Issuer´s business activities and industry 
Credit risk related to housing loans and loans to corporations 
Credit risk is the risk that the Issuer will incur losses due to its borrowers’ inability to meet their obligations 
to the Issuer as they fall due. Adverse changes in the creditworthiness of the Issuer’s borrowers or any 
reduction in the value of collateral or other security obtained by the Issuer may have an adverse impact on the 
Issuer’s financial results. Credit risks may also adversely impact the Issuer´s creditworthiness. 
 
31 % of the Group’s income constitutes of its net interest income, strongly affected by Group’s lending 
business. The Issuer mainly provides credits to private individuals with sound financial status who often are 
entrepreneurs and business owners and who value personal service from the Issuer. Loans are not granted as a 
stand-alone product, but mainly as part of a long-term customer relationship and to support the Issuer’s 
financial investment business. As far as possible, loans shall be secured by either a real estate or securities and 
it is always required that there are steady cash flows that ensure the customer’s ability to repay the debt.  
The credit risk of the Group is comprised primarily of claims against private individuals. As at 30 September 
2022, the Group’s total lending was EUR 4,241 million, of which approximately 75 per cent. constituted loans 
to private individuals or households. The Group therefore has significant exposure to individuals and 
households. Individuals’ and households’ creditworthiness are affected by a variety of factors such as the state 
of the economy in general, adverse changes in the level of employment and real estate values. As at 30 
September 2022, total lending in Sweden was EUR 1,352 million, or approximately 32 per cent. of the total 
lending of the Group, with the remaining balance of lending being in Finland. The exposure of the Group is, 
therefore, also particularly concentrated in Finland and Sweden. 
Any economic downturn in the Group’s core markets of Finland and Sweden, with falls in house and property 
prices and increases in unemployment, could adversely affect the Group’s home loans portfolio and generate 
increases in impairment losses.  In addition, the effects of declining property values on the wider economy are 
also likely to contribute to higher default rates and impairment losses on the Group’s loans.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
As at 30 September 2022, the Group’s total lending to corporate and other institutional customers was EUR 
1,056 million. The Group’s exposure to corporate and other institutional customers is subject to adverse 
changes in their credit quality, whether as a result of the global financial crisis or the European sovereign debt 
crisis or for other reasons. 
 
The Group monitors the impact of the on-going war in Ukraine as well as developments regarding the Covid-
19 pandemic and how they affect the quality in lending operations.  
The Issuer is exposed to credit concentration risks 
Because of the customer target group, the Issuer has selected, private individuals with sound financial status 
who are often entrepreneurs and business owners, the Issuer’s credit exposure to individual customer entities 
can be relatively large in relation to its capital base. In rapidly deteriorating economic environment combined 
with declining prices on real estate and securities the default of one or more of the largest credit customers 
could lead to material credit losses. 
Within its corporate lending segment, the Issuer has a large concentration in the real estate segment in Finland 
and Sweden. Specifically, lending towards the Swedish commercial real estate segment is considered to be an 
increased credit concentration risk. In its Finnish credit portfolio, lending towards the shipping industry is also 
viewed as a risk segment with historic increased credit provisioning during recent years. 
 
The Group monitors the impact of the on-going coronavirus pandemic. A prolonged pandemic could have a 
negative impact on the business environment and could lead to credit losses. The Issuer has identified  isolated 
cases where the repayment ability has reduced but as of yet the Group has not seen any substantial increases 
in non-performing exposures because of the pandemic. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of increased credit provisioning  
Amount of credit losses vary over the business cycle and there is a risk of increased credit losses in the current 
economic environment. As European markets remain challenging, credit risk associated with certain borrowers 
and counterparties in these markets remains increased. 
The Group’s accrued net impairment loss on loans and other commitments was EUR 4.0 million as at 30 
September 2022 as compared to EUR 4.9 million in the year ended 31 December 2021 and EUR 4.9 million 
in the year ended 31 December 2020. The Group had as at 30 September 2022 EUR 18.2 million in impairment 
loss provisions as compared to EUR 14.6 million as at 31 December 2021 and EUR 11.9 million as at 31 
December 2020. The Group maintains allowances for loan losses to cover estimated probable incurred credit 
impairments inherent in its loan portfolio. The Group’s calculation of the allowance for losses on loans is 
based on, among other things, its analysis of current and historical delinquency rates and loan management, 
its customers’ likely repayment capacity and the valuation of the underlying assets, as well as numerous other 
management assumptions. These internal analyses and assumptions may give rise to inaccurate predictions of 
credit performance. 
Any material increase in impairment loss on loans and other commitments could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s operations, and, thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Programme 
as well as the market price and value of the Notes. The Group now calculates an expected credit loss figure 
for all assets within its lending and treasury operations according to IFRS9 and regulatory expected loss 
according to internal credit risk models (IRB). In addition to increased impairments for defaulted receivables 
deteriorating creditworthiness of not yet defaulted receivables could lead to increased credit provisioning. The 
risk is considered to be material since the calculations of expected credit losses covers a large part of the 
balance sheet. 
Credit risk related to counterparties

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Within its treasury operations, the Issuer has large exposures against its financial counterparties on a regular 
basis. The Issuer applies a strict policy regarding it’s accepted counterparties and to certain extent relies on 
external credit judgments (i.e. external credit ratings) when assessing credit risks. Any failure in these external 
assessments to adequately capture the credit risk could lead to material credit losses. 
The Issuer routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including 
brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and corporate clients. 
Many of these transactions expose the Issuer to the risk that the Issuer’s counterparty in a foreign exchange, 
interest rate, commodity, equity or credit derivative contract defaults on its obligations prior to maturity when 
the Issuer has an outstanding claim against that counterparty. Due to the increased volatility in foreign 
exchange and fixed income markets in recent years, this risk has increased. This credit risk may also be 
exacerbated when the collateral held by the Issuer cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to 
recover the full amount of the counterparty exposure. 
Risk relating to the assets managed by the Issuer 
The amount of managed assets was on 30 September 2022 EUR 8,212 million. If the value of the assets that 
are managed by the Issuer in the mutual funds or in the asset management decreased substantially due to the 
market conditions, if the development of the value of the assets was unsatisfactory or if success of the Issuer´s 
asset management deteriorated there could be a risk that clients decrease their investments or transfer their 
assets to another service provider and that the Issuer could not acquire new clients or more assets from its 
present clients. This could lead to decreased provisions from asset management and adverse development of 
the asset management business. Negative value development or adverse success of asset management could 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer´s results. 
 
Liquidity risk 
The Group is exposed to the risk of not being able to meet its obligations as they fall due or only being able to 
meet its liquidity commitments at an increased cost. 
Liquidity risk consists of refinancing risk and market liquidity risk. Refinancing risk is the risk of not being 
able to fulfil payment obligations on the maturity date without a substantial increase in the cost of obtaining 
the means of payment. Market liquidity risk refers to the risk of not being able to sell positions at expected 
market prices, in situation where the market is not liquid enough or is not functioning due to disruptions. 
Since the Issuer strives not to rely on other funding sources than customer deposits and covered bonds, a 
substantial part of the Group’s liquidity and funding requirements are met through reliance on customer 
deposits, as well as ongoing access to wholesale lending markets, including issuance of long-term debt market 
instruments such as covered bonds.  
As of 30 September 2022, deposits from the public accounted for 75 %. of the Group’s funding. Should the 
Group encounter a significant outflow of deposits, the Group’s funding structure would change substantially, 
and its average cost of funding would most likely increase. The volume of long-term funding may be 
constrained during periods of liquidity stress. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may 
adversely affect the Group’s liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do 
business with the Group. 
This might jeopardise the Group’s liquidity, and the Group could be unable to meet its current and future cash 
flow and collateral needs, both expected and unexpected. Such events or a general decline in the Group’s 
liquidity may adversely affect the availability and price of the Group’s funding and, as a consequence, have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Programme as well as the market price and value of the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
In order to ensure access to liquidity even during periods without external borrowing opportunities, 
Ålandsbanken has a liquidity reserve and a well-diversified instrument and maturity structure on its borrowing. 
The quality of Ålandsbanken’s liquidity reserve and liquidity position is measured with the key ratios Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). As of September 2022, the LCR amounted to 
138 % and the NSFR to 116 %. 
Market risk  
Market risk is the risk of losses due to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices. The 
Group’s market risk is mainly represented in terms of interest rate risk due to differences in the interest rate 
refixing periods and repricing dates between its lending and funding and its treasury operations in which it 
holds investment and liquidity portfolios for its own account. The Issuer does not trade for its own account. 
Like all banking groups, the Group earns interest from loans and other assets, and pays interest to its depositors 
and other creditors. The net effect of changes to the Group’s net interest income depends on the relative levels 
of assets and liabilities that are affected by changes in interest rates. The Group is exposed to structural interest 
income risk when there is a mismatch between the interest rate re-pricing periods, volumes or reference rates 
of its assets, liabilities and derivatives. This mismatch in any given period in the event of changes in interest 
rates could lead to significant losses or protracted periods of low profitability or losses. Adverse movements 
in interest rates or other market prices could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of 
operations and, thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Programme as well as the 
market price and value of the Notes. 
To the extent volatile market conditions persist or recur, the fair value of the Group’s assets could fall 
substantially and cause the Issuer or other members of the Group to write-down values. In addition, because 
the Group’s investment income from assets held in its liquidity portfolio depends to a great extent on the 
performance of financial markets, volatile market conditions could result in a significant decline in the Group’s 
investment income or result in a loss. 
The Issuer is exposed to foreign exchange risk 
 
The Issuer´s operations occur mainly in its two base currencies, euros and Swedish kronor, but a limited 
proportion of its lending and deposits occurs in other currencies, creating a certain foreign exchange risk. To 
control the foreign exchange risk exposure, measured as the aggregated net position (sum of the absolute 
amounts for each individual net position), limits are set out by the Board of Directors. 
The issuer also has a structural foreign exchange risk in Swedish kronor, since the issuer´s financial accounts 
are prepared in euros while the reporting currency of its Swedish branch is Swedish kronor. The structural 
foreign exchange risk exposures arise due to accrued profits/losses in the branch as well as the branch’s 
endowment capital in Swedish kronor. The Issuer is therefore exposed to adverse exchange rate movements 
between SEK and EUR. A significant movement in the SEK and EUR exchange rate could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s balance sheet positions.  
Operational risk 
The Group has defined tolerance levels for realised operational risks and the events and losses are reported 
monthly to the Executive Management. The most critical functions are regularly assessing their operational 
risks and the most essential risks are presented to the Executive Management at least yearly. The operational 
risk losses have historically been low in the Group. 
 
The Group depends on information technology to manage critical business processes. IT development is an 
ongoing process and most of the development is done by the subsidiary Crosskey Banking Solutions. There is 
a risk for disruptions or failure due to implementation of systems which may cause errors and therefore possible 
losses.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Although the Group has implemented risk controls and taken other actions to mitigate exposures and/or losses, 
there can be no assurance that such procedures will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks 
faced by the Group, or that the Group’s reputation will not be damaged by the occurrence of any operational 
risks. Business expansion, mainly forming new partnerships in different areas of business increases the 
importance of documented and functioning internal routines. Documentation of internal routines is emphasized 
as a risk mitigation action. 
As a part of its banking and asset management activities, the Group provides its clients with investment advice 
and access to internally, as well as externally, managed funds. In the event of losses incurred by the Group’s 
clients due to such of investment advice, or an investment in such funds, such Group’s clients may seek 
compensation from the Group, which may result in losses for the Group. Such compensation might be sought 
even if the Group has no direct exposure to such risks or has not recommended such counterparties to its 
customers. 
 
Risk of losing key persons 
 
Financial markets are highly dependent on competent people and there is high demand for such people.  Risk 
relating to losing key personnel or not being able to employ new competent people is identified within the 
Group being active in many different areas of business.  The Issuer is a relatively small bank and many 
functions and tasks are performed by less personnel than in larger banks. Losing certain people with specific 
skills could constitute a risk for the bank’s operations.  
 
System risk 
 
Due to the dependences in the domestic and international financing, securities and capital markets the financial 
difficulties of one market participant can cause difficulties also to the other participants and to the whole 
market. This system risk could have adverse effect to financial markets in general and consequently to the 
Issuer.   
Reputational risk 
The Group’s reputation is one of its most important assets. Reputational risk, including the risk to earnings 
and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in the financial services business. Negative public opinion 
can result from any number of causes, including misconduct by employees, the activities of business partners 
over which the Group has limited or no control, severe or prolonged financial losses, or uncertainty about the 
Group’s financial soundness or reliability. Negative public opinion may adversely affect the Group’s ability 
to keep and attract customers, depositors and investors, as well as its relationships with regulators and the 
general public. The Group cannot ensure that it will be successful in avoiding damage to its business from 
reputational risk. The Group’s strategy is to be a bank for investors that builds and maintains customer 
relationships. Negative public opinion and reputational risks are likely to have particularly adverse effect on 
the Group’s ability to implement that strategy, which could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business. 
The Group faces competition in all markets  
There is competition for the types of banking and other products and services that the Group provides and 
there can be no assurances that the Group can maintain its competitive position. 
A key success factor in the Group’s strategy to be a bank for investors is the provision of high service levels 
to its Premium and Private Banking clients. The Group faces competition in this market in both Sweden and 
Finland from several smaller specialised firms as well as large Nordic banks. There can be no assurance that 
the business strategy adopted by the Group will be successful. If the Group’s strategy proves unsuccessful, it 
could lead to a decrease in market share, protracted periods of low profitability or losses and a deterioration of 
its financial condition.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
The financial services market may face significant changes due to the development of digital banking solutions, 
changes in consumer behaviour, regulatory reforms as well as new operators entering the market. The 
mortgage loan business in Finland is also competitive. Lenders advertise extensively and use targeted 
marketing and loyalty schemes in an effort to expand their presence in the market and compete for customers. 
If the Group is unable to provide competitive product and service offerings, it may fail to attract new customers, 
retain existing customers, experience decreases on its interest, fee and commission income, and/or lose market 
share. Competition may adversely impact the Group’s position in the Premium and Private Banking segments 
and the mortgage loan business. 
Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, and, thereby, on the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Programme as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
 
The Group faces risk relating to its partner co-operations strategy 
Ålandsbanken and its information technology providing subsidiary Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd 
supplies platform solutions to Borgo AB, a Swedish mortgage company, (Borgo) focusing on the financing 
and origination of mortgage loans. Borgo is jointly owned by ICA Banken, Ikano, Söderberg & Partners, 
Sparbanken Syd and Ålandsbanken. In addition, the co-operation with Borgo is an important way for 
Ålandsbanken to implement its strategy of partner co-operation as it is delivering all back-office services to 
Borgo’s platform. A potential inability by Ålandsbanken to adequately provide the solutions and services may 
lead to delays and contractual breaches which may have an adverse effect on Borgo’s operations and financial 
results.  
 
Borgo’s management has operational responsibility for establishing and running Borgo. A potential failure in 
execution of Borgo’s strategy or false management decisions may have an adverse effect Borgo’s operations 
and results.  
 
Borgo intends to receive cost efficiency through scale of the operations. Funding costs and administrative 
costs, measured as basis points of mortgage volumes, are strongly linked to the size of the operations. The 
bigger the volume, the lower the cost in terms of basis points. The cost of capital is also indirectly linked to 
volume, since internal ratings-based models for calculating the capital requirement, with a current risk weight 
floor of 25 per cent. instead of a risk weight of 35 per cent. with the standard approach, is granted only to large 
actors. There is a possibility that Borgo does not reach the necessary business volumes needed for economies 
of scale which could have an adverse effect on Borgo’s funding costs, capital requirements and results. 
 
Ålandsbanken, being also a platform solution provider to Borgo, expects Borgo to reach scale benefits in 
different business areas, which will further benefit also Ålandsbanken’s traditional banking and IT business. 
If these expectations of Ålandsbanken concerning Borgo do not materialise, it could have an adverse effect on 
the results of Ålandsbanken. In addition, as for all shareholders, there is a risk that the market value of Borgo 
decreases or the profits of the shareholder decreases. 
 
C. Regulatory risks 
Regulatory changes may adversely affect the Group, and the Group operates in a legal and regulatory 
environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation and regulatory risks 
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in Finland, 
Sweden and the EU. The Group must meet the requirements set forth in the regulations regarding, inter alia, 
minimum capital and capital adequacy, reporting with respect to financial information and financial condition, 
marketing and selling practices, advertising, terms and conduct of business and permitted investments, 
liabilities and payment of dividends. In addition, certain decisions made by the Group may require approval 
or notification to the relevant authorities in advance.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Changes in supervision and regulation, particularly in Finland, could materially affect the Group’s business, 
the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Such changes in regulation and supervision may, 
for example, expose the Group to additional costs and liabilities and require it to change how it conducts 
business.  
Increased capital requirements may adversely affect the Group 
 
In December 2017, the finalised Basel III framework (the Basel IV package), was published by the Basel 
committee. The Basel IV package will according to the current expected timeline be implemented in 2025 at 
the earliest and includes revisions to capital requirements calculation of credit risk, operational risk and credit 
valuation adjustment (CVA) risk. The Basel IV package sets a minimum leverage ratio buffer for large and 
systemically important institutions and introduces a new output floor for banks using internal models. In 
addition, revisions to market risk (so called Fundamental Review of the Trading Book) was initially agreed in 
2016 (a revision was published on 14 January 2019) and will be implemented together with the Basel IV 
package in 2025. On credit risk, the package includes revisions to both the IRB approach, where restrictions 
to the use of IRB for certain exposures are implemented, as well as to the standardised approach. 
 
The output floor sets a minimum level for the risk weighted assets calculated according to the internal models. 
Output floor requires that the amount of risk weighted assets should be at least 72.5 per cent of the total Pillar 
1 risk exposure amount calculated with the standardised approaches for credit-, market- and operational risk. 
Output floor will be fully phased in over a period from 2025 to 2030.The output floor generally leads to higher 
capital requirements for banks using IRB approaches, especially for Nordic banks. Both the current updates to 
the CRR and the CRD as well as the Basel IV package could affect the Groups capital relations negatively. As 
of 1 January 2018, the international accounting regulation IAS 39, “Financial instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement” was replaced by IFRS 9, “Financial Instruments”. Under IFRS 9, banks are required, inter alia, 
to apply a forward-looking approach to impairments by estimating expected credit losses based on each bank’s 
view of the market. Banks may employ statistical methods to calculate loan loss provisions in respect of 
essentially all credit risk-bearing assets, thus also including loans that have not yet defaulted. This approach 
will lead to an increase in provision amounts, which may affect the banks’ capital adequacy ratios. For banks 
that apply IRB and have a substantial surplus of regulatory expected losses to loan loss provisions, the effect 
on the capital base is limited, since the surplus has already been subtracted from the capital base today. In 
practise, Ålandsbanken has included only exposures that are handled according to the standardised approach, 
since the exposures calculated using the IRB approach have a substantial surplus of regulatory expected loss. 
Accordingly, the initial application of the expected credit loss impairment model increased the loan loss reserve 
by EUR 2.4 million as of 1 January 2018.  The EU has provided an optional 5-year phase-in of the effect of 
IFRS 9 on the capital base, with a gradually declining recovery to the capital base beginning from 2018. To 
mitigate the potential impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on banks’ lending capacity and capital ratios due to an 
increase in expected credit loss provisions, the EU decided to extend the transitional arrangements by two 
years to 2024 and to allow banks to fully add back any increases in ECL provisions for non-credit-impaired 
assets to their Common Equity Tier 1 capital during 2020 and 2021.The FIN-FSA has established buffer 
requirements related to Pillar 2 capital adequacy regulations totalling 1 per cent. of the Group’s risk exposure 
amount starting in the third quarter of 2021. The requirement is valid for a maximum of three years. The 
requirement must be covered by 0.56 percentage points of common equity Tier 1 Capital. Any updates to the 
Pillar 2 capital requirement by the FIN-FSA could affect the Group´s capital position negatively.  
 
On 29 June 2018, the FIN-FSA announced a macro prudential supervisory decision to introduce an additional 
capital requirement based on systemic risk buffer, which amounts to 1 per cent. of the Group’s risk exposure 
amount for Ålandsbanken. The decision came into effect on 1 July 2019. The systemic risk buffer was set to 
zero in March 2020 due to Covid-19. 
These and other changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements imposed on the Issuer may require the 
Issuer to raise additional Tier 1, common equity Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital by way of further issuances of 
securities and could result in existing Tier 1 and Tier 2 securities ceasing to count towards the Issuer’s 
regulatory capital, either at the same level as at present or at all. Any failure by the Issuer to maintain any 
increased regulatory capital requirements or to comply with any other requirements introduced by regulators

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
could result in intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions, which may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s, business, financial condition and results of operations and may also have other effects 
on the Issuer’s financial performance and on the pricing of the Notes, both with or without the intervention by 
regulators or the imposition of sanctions. 
Finland has implemented a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a range of 
actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. 
The implementation of the directive or the taking of any action under it may result in the Noteholders losing 
some or all of their investment 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the BRRD) entered into force. The BRRD 
is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an 
unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic 
functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. The 
BRRD was implemented in Finland through the Act on Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms 
(laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta 1194/2014) (as amended) (the Resolution 
Act) and the Act on Financial Stability Authority (laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta 1195/2014) (as 
amended), together the Finnish Resolution Laws.  
The Resolution Act contains resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
the Resolution Authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a 
reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. One of these tools is bail-in - which 
gives the Resolution Authority the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing 
institution (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims to equity or other instruments of ownership (the general bail-in tool), which equity and 
other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. Relevant claims for the 
purposes of the bail-in tool would include the claims of the holders in respect of any Notes issued under the 
Programme, although in the case of Covered Bonds, this would only be the case if and to the extent that the 
amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds exceeded the value of the cover pool collateral against which 
payment of those amounts is secured. 
The general bail-in tool power can be used to ensure that Tier 1 and Tier 2 Instruments fully absorb losses at 
the point of non-viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any other resolution action 
is taken. The BRRD specifies the order in which the bail-in tool should be applied, reflecting the hierarchy of 
capital instruments under CRD IV and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency. 
In addition, the bail-in power contains a specific safeguard with the aim that shareholders and creditors do not 
receive a less favourable treatment than they would have received in ordinary insolvency proceedings of the 
relevant entity, however such safeguard may not be applicable to the statutory write-down and conversion 
power available to resolution authorities in connection with Tier 1 and Tier 2 Instruments. 
The powers set out in the Finnish Resolution Laws will impact how credit institutions and investment firms 
are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The Notes could be subject to general 
bail-in tool and the AT1 and Tier 2 Notes could be subject to the statutory write-down power. The 
determination that all or a part of the principal amount of the Notes will be subject to the general bail-in tool, 
or in the case of AT1 and Tier 2 Notes, statutory write-down, is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may 
depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Group’s control. The application of the general 
bail-in tool with respect to the Notes, or in the case of AT1 and Tier 2, exercise of the statutory write-down 
power, may result in the cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes. 
Accordingly, potential investors in the Notes should consider the risk that the general bail-in tool and/or the 
statutory write-down power (as the case may be) may be applied in such a manner as to result in Noteholders 
losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes, 
which may be worth significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly fewer protections than 
those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the Resolution Authority may exercise its authority to

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
apply the general bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down power (as the case may be) without providing 
any advance notice to the holders of the Notes. Noteholders may also have limited or no rights to challenge 
any decision of the Resolution Authority to exercise the general bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down 
power (as the case may be) or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or 
otherwise. 
Application of the general bail-in tool could also involve modifications to or the disapplication of provisions 
in the conditions of the Notes, including alteration of the nominal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, 
the maturity date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for 
a certain period. As a result, the exercise of any power under the Finnish Resolution Laws or any suggestion 
of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
The BRRD and the Resolution Act introduced a requirement for credit institutions and investment firms to 
meet the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) for the purposes of ensuring 
sufficient loss absorbing capacity to enable the continuity of critical functions without recourse to public funds. 
As at 1 October 2018, the Resolution Authority has informed the Issuer that for the time being it will not 
impose an additional MREL requirement in relation to the Issuer. 
 
Risks arising from processing of personal data 
 
Processing of personal data (such as customer data) is part of the daily business of the Issuer. Such processing 
is regulated by the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (EU) No 2016/679 (the GDPR) and 
national laws providing strict confidentiality obligations and sector-specific data protection rules applicable to 
financial institutions.   
 
Privacy issues and the protection of personal data, in particular the protection of data relating to the Issuer’s 
customers and employees, are of the essence to the Issuer. However, although the Group has assessed its data 
protection processes and practices and issued related internal guidelines, it may not be able to prevent 
intentional or unintentional misuse of its systems containing personal data. Such personal data breaches may 
be attributable, for instance, to human error or faults in ICT systems or software and they may result in identity 
frauds or other types of misuse of personal data if, for instance, customer data is leaked outside the Group. 
 
A breach of data protection legislation by the Group (or its supplier) could result in administrative sanctions, 
claims for damages and/or loss of reputation and customers. The GDPR includes an extensive sanction 
mechanism, according to which breaches of the GDPR can result in administrative fines of up to 4 % of the 
worldwide annual turnover or 20 million euros (whichever is higher). A breach of personal data legislation 
could, therefore, have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and results of operations. 
D. Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit the market value of the Notes.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes, thus exposing the investor to the risk that it may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the redeemed Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed interest rate to a floating 
interest rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/floating interest rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed interest 
rate to a floating interest rate, or from a floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate. Where the Issuer has the 
right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Notes 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
borrowing for the Issuer. If the Issuer converts from a fixed interest rate to a floating interest rate in such 
circumstances, the spread on the fixed/floating interest rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable floating interest rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
interest rate at any time may be lower than the interest rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a 
floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate in such circumstances, the fixed interest rate may be lower than 
then prevailing market rates. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as zero coupon Notes) or premium to 
their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.  
E. Risks related to Covered Bonds 
No events of default in Covered Bonds 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer and 
therefore the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle holders to accelerate the Covered Bonds. 
As such, it is envisaged that holders will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Covered 
Bonds as and when they fall due under the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Certain Covered Bonds issued under the Issuer´s 2013 EMTN Covered Bond Programme which have the 
benefit of the Finnish Cover Pool have been issued with terms that contain a liquidity reserve provision (see 
“Characteristics of the Cover pool”), whereby any Covered Bonds issued under this Programme which have 
the benefit of the Finnish Cover pool benefit from the fact that the Finnish Cover Pool is required to be 
maintained in this way. On the date of this Base Prospectus, there is one outstanding issue which terms include 
the liquidity reserve provisions, namely a EUR 100 million covered bond issue due 30 January 2023. Following 
redemption of the covered bonds issued with terms containing the liquidity reserve provision, Covered Bonds 
which have the benefit of the Finnish Cover Pool will no longer benefit from such liquidity provisions.  
 
In the event of a failure of the Finnish Cover Pool to meet the matching requirements, holders of the Covered 
Bonds may receive payments according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of 
the relevant Covered Bond 
The Issuer will be required under the Repealed Covered Bond Act to comply with certain matching 
requirements as long as there is any Covered Bond outstanding. Under the Repealed Covered Bond Act, if the 
assets in the Finnish Cover Pool do not fulfil the requirements provided for in the Repealed Covered Bond 
Act, the FIN-FSA may set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place more collateral in compliance with 
the Repealed Covered Bond Act and the conditions of the Covered Bonds. If these requirements are not 
complied with, the Issuer’s license for mortgage credit bank operations may be withdrawn. If the Issuer is 
placed in liquidation or declared bankrupt, and the requirements for the total amount of collateral of the 
Covered Bonds in Sections 16 and 17 of the Repealed Covered Bond Act are not fulfilled, a supervisor 
appointed by the FIN-FSA may demand that the Issuer’s bankruptcy administrator declare the Covered Bonds 
due and payable and sell the assets in the Finnish Cover Pool. This could result in the holders of Covered 
Bonds receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the 
Covered Bonds (with accelerations as well as delays). See “Summary of the Finnish Legislation regarding 
Covered Bonds—Right of Priority in Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer”.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
If any relevant claims in respect of Covered Bonds are not met out of the Finnish Cover Pool, any remaining 
claims will subsequently rank pari passu with the Issuer’s obligations under the MTNs and other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
In the event of liquidation or the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the holders of Covered Bonds (along with 
counterparties to related Derivative Transactions and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans registered in 
the Finnish Cover Pool) have the benefit of priority in relation to the assets in the Finnish Cover Pool. Under 
the Repealed Covered Bond Act, this priority is limited to (i) 70 per cent. of the value at the relevant time of 
the assets securing residential mortgages in the Finnish Cover Pool and (ii) 60 per cent. of the value at the 
relevant time of the assets securing commercial mortgages in the Finnish Cover Pool. If the proceeds from the 
assets in the Finnish Cover Pool are not sufficient to discharge the relevant Covered Bonds in full, the holders 
of the relevant Covered Bonds will be general creditors in the Issuer’s bankruptcy or liquidation with no 
priority as to the shortfall. In such circumstances, the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds may not be paid 
in full. See “Summary of the Finnish Legislation regarding Covered Bonds—Right of Priority in Bankruptcy 
or Liquidation of the Issuer”. 
Transfer of Covered Bonds and the Finnish Cover Pool in bankruptcy 
In bankruptcy, a bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for 
a Covered Bond and the corresponding collateral to a mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit entity that 
has acquired a license to issue covered bonds or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to 
supervision corresponding to that of the Repealed Covered Bond Act unless the terms of the covered bond 
provide otherwise. See “Summary of the Finnish Legislation regarding Covered Bonds—Right of Priority in 
Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer”. 
No market for collateral in Finland after an insolvency of the Issuer 
There is no assurance that there will be a trading market for the collateral in the Finnish Cover Pool or an 
eligible transferee to take over the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the corresponding collateral 
after an insolvency of the Issuer. 
Liquidity post Issuer bankruptcy 
It is believed that neither an insolvent issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue Covered 
Bonds. Under the Repealed Covered Bond Act, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the consent 
of a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may, however, raise liquidity through the sale of mortgage loans 
and other assets in the Finnish Cover Pool to fulfil the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds. Further, the 
bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may 
take out Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and enter into other agreements for the purpose of securing liquidity of 
the Finnish Cover Pool. Counterparties in such transactions will rank pari passu with holders of the relevant 
Covered Bonds and existing derivative counterparties with respect to assets in the Finnish Cover Pool. 
However, there can be no assurance as to the actual ability of the bankruptcy estate to raise post-bankruptcy 
liquidity, which may result in a failure by the Issuer to make full and timely payments to holders of Covered 
Bonds and existing derivative counterparties registered in the Finnish Cover Pool. 
Collection of mortgage loans and default by borrowers 
The mortgage loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on property. A borrower 
may default on its obligation under such mortgage loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. Defaults 
under mortgage loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental yield reduction (in the 
case of investment properties). Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, 
repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or 
international economic climates, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, 
inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and 
government policies. Other factors relating to borrowers’ individual, personal or financial circumstances may

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce, weakening 
of financial conditions or the results of business operations and other similar factors may lead to an increase 
in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability 
of borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower or the Issuer to sell a property 
given as security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that mortgage 
loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of 
that property and property values in general at the time. The registered value of a property in the Finnish Cover 
Pool may be higher than the price for which such property can actually be sold on any given day. 
Reliance on Swap Providers 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the mortgage loans and 
other assets from time to time held by the Issuer (which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest, 
discounted rates of interest, fixed interest rates of interest or rates of interest which track a base rate) and the 
interest rate(s) under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may from time to time enter into Swap Agreements (see 
“Derivative Transactions”). 
If any swap counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments under the relevant Swap Agreement, 
the Issuer will be exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless one or more replacement Interest 
Rate Swap Agreements are entered into, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make payments under the 
Covered Bonds.  
Extendable obligations 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an Extended Maturity Date (as defined below) applies to a Series 
of Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or within two (2) Business 
Days thereafter) the maturity of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds not redeemed will 
automatically extend up to but not later than 12 months from the Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms (the Extended Maturity Date). In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or 
part of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any 
month after the Maturity Date, up to and including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will also then bear interest on the nominal amount 
outstanding of the Notes in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
The extension of the maturity of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from the Maturity 
Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or 
take action against the Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the Noteholders in that event other than as 
set out in the conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms. In these circumstances, failure by the 
Issuer to make payment in respect of the redemption amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default 
in payment by the Issuer.  
However, failure by the Issuer to pay the redemption amount or the balance thereof on the Extended Maturity 
Date and/or interest on such amount on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and 
including) the Extended Maturity Date shall constitute a default in payment by the Issuer. 
Furthermore, if the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on the Covered Bonds from a fixed interest 
rate to a floating interest rate or vice versa in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and 
payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended 
Maturity Date, then the Issuer may pay such interest pursuant to the floating interest rate or fixed interest rate 
(as the case may be) specified in the applicable Final Terms (see “If the Issuer has the right to convert the 
interest rate on any Notes from a fixed interest rate to a floating interest rate, or vice versa, this may affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned”).

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Where at least three (3) Business Days’ notice is not given to the holders of Covered Bonds by the Issuer of 
its intention to redeem all or any of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds prior to the Maturity 
Date, or as applicable, the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date, this 
will not affect the validity or effectiveness of any such redemption of the Covered Bonds or give rise to any 
such person having any rights in respect of any such redemption but such failure may result in a delay in 
payment being received by a holder of Covered Bonds through Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as 
applicable, and holders of Covered Bonds shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in 
respect of such delay. Any failure to give notice to holders of Covered Bonds of any decision to extend the 
maturity of the Covered Bonds will also not affect the validity or effectiveness of such extension.  
F. Risks related to the Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes 
 
The Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes are subordinated to most of the lssuer's liabilities. 
 
In case the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, it will be required to pay the holders of 
its senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured creditors but excluding 
any obligations in respect of more subordinated debt) in full before it can make any payments on the relevant 
Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes. If this occurs, the lssuer may not have enough assets remaining after these 
payments to pay amounts due under the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes. Any Tier 2 Notes rank prior to AT1 
Notes. The ranking of different classes of Notes is more fully described in Condition 3 of the General Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
According to item 4 of Subsection 1 of Section 6 of the Finnish Act on Order of Priority of Claims (laki 
velkojien maksunsaantijärjestyksestä 1578/1992) (the Finnish Priority Act), a claim subordinated by contract 
to the claims of all other creditors in liquidation and bankruptcy of the debtor will, in each case, rank in priority 
to the payment to holders of equity interests in the debtor but junior in right of payment to the claims in respect 
of all unsubordinated indebtedness and other classes of subordinated indebtedness of the debtor. Pursuant to 
Subsection 2 of Section 6 of the Finnish Priority Act, claims falling within the same category shall have equal 
priority unless otherwise agreed in respect of claims set forth in item 4 of Subsection 1 of Section 6 of the 
Finnish Priority Act.  
 
In the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer claims under the Tier 2 Notes would be expected to be treated 
with priority to claims under any AT1 Notes given that the contractual intention has been to create such a 
subordination, which should be recognised pursuant to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (laki 
luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014) (as amended). However, as domestic regulatory practice concerning the 
new ranking order has not yet developed, there can be no assurances that this would be the case. 
The Tier 2 Notes may be subject to permanent write-down 
If the common equity tier 1 (CET1) ratio of the Issuer or the Group falls below 7 per cent, the Issuer shall 
permanently write down 50 per cent. of the Tier 2 Notes as well as the entire accrued and unpaid interest as 
described in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes (see “General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Condition 14, Loss Absorption Mechanism of Tier 2 Notes”. Therefore, a Noteholder will permanently lose 
the part of the nominal amount of the Tier 2 Notes that has been subject to Write-Down. After the date of the 
write-down, the interest will be calculated for the remaining nominal amount of the Tier 2 Notes and therefore 
the Noteholder will also lose the entire accrued and unpaid interest as well as the interest in respect of the part 
of the Tier 2 Notes that has been subject to write-down and has not fallen due as at the date of the write-down. 
The Tier 2 Notes may only be subject to write-down once.  
In case the Issuer were to face severe financial difficulties and become subject to resolution measures under 
the EU bank resolution mechanism, the Tier 2 Notes may become subject to write-down, in which case a 
Noteholder may lose the entire or part of the principal as well as the accrued and unpaid interest. 
An early redemption of Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes is likely to limit their market value

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem the Tier 2 Notes subject, 
among other things, to the consent of the Competent Authority in case of (i) an Issuer’s call option, (ii) a 
Capital Event, (iii) a Withholding Tax Event and (iv) a Tax Event, each as defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.  
The Issuer may also call, redeem, repay or repurchase the AT1 Notes in case of an Issuer’s call option, a 
Capital Event, a Tax Event or for regulatory purposes, each as specified in the General Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and as subject to, among other things, the consent of the Competent Authority.  
At those times, a Noteholder generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer’s ability to redeem or repurchase the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes may 
be limited 
The rules under CRD IV (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes) prescribe certain 
conditions for the granting of permission by the Competent Authority (or, as the case may be, another 
competent authority) to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes. In this 
respect, the CRR provides that the Competent Authority shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase 
of the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes provided that either of the following conditions is met: 
 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes, the Issuer 
replaces the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes (as applicable) with capital instruments of an equal 
or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority or the Resolution 
Authority (as applicable) that its Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital would, following such 
redemption or repurchase, exceed the capital ratios required under CRD IV by a margin that 
the Competent Authority or the Resolution Authority (as applicable) may consider necessary 
on the basis set out in CRD IV for it to determine the appropriate level of capital of an 
institution.  
In addition, the rules under CRD IV provide that the Competent Authority may only permit the Issuer to 
redeem the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes 
(as applicable) if:  
 
(a) the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and  
(b) in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority 
considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of 
the Competent Authority that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the 
issuance of the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes (as applicable); or  
(c) in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Event, the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that such Withholding Tax Event 
or Tax Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Tier 2 Notes 
or AT1 Notes (as applicable).  
The rules under CRD IV may be modified from time to time after the Issue Date of the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 
Notes.  
Remedies in case of default on the Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes are severely limited 
The Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to:

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
(i) non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under the Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes. In such 
circumstances, as described in more detail in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes and subject as 
provided below, the Noteholder may institute proceedings in Finland or elsewhere for the Issuer to be declared 
bankrupt or its winding-up or liquidation and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer; and  
(ii) the bankruptcy or the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, whether in Finland or elsewhere. In such 
circumstances, as described in more detail in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Noteholder 
may declare its Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes (as applicable) to be due and payable at their Outstanding Principal 
Amount, and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer.  
However, in each case, the Noteholder may claim payment in respect of the Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes only 
in the winding-up or liquidation or, as the case may be, bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer.  
 
Under Finnish law, a creditor may not institute proceedings for the liquidation of the debtor, except under the 
following limited circumstances: (i) the debtor has no registered and competent board of directors; (ii) the 
debtor has no registered representative within the meaning of the Act on the Freedom of Enterprise Act (in 
Finnish laki elinkeinon harjoittamisen oikeudesta 122/1919); (iii) despite the request of the register authority, 
the debtor has not filed its annual accounts for registration within one year from the end of the financial period; 
or (iv) the debtor has been declared bankrupt and the bankruptcy has expired due to the lack of funds. 
 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the Tier 2 
Notes or AT1 Notes 
 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Tier 2 Notes or 
AT1 Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu with the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 
Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders in the 
event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
 
In addition, the Issuer reserves the right to issue other securities counting as additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer in the future, provided, however, that any such obligations may not in the event of 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer rank prior to AT1 Notes (in case of additional 
Tier 1 Capital) or Tier 2 Notes (in case of Tier 2 Capital). 
 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under the Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes is limited 
 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes 
under the terms of (i) Series of Tier 2 Notes and (ii) any Series of AT1 Notes applies only to payments of 
interest due and paid under such Notes and not to payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, 
includes any premium, final redemption amount, early redemption amount, optional redemption amount and 
any other amount (other than interest) which may from time to time be payable in respect of such Notes). 
As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of Tier 
2 Notes and or any Series of AT1 Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of 
principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under 
any Series of Tier 2 Notes and or any such Series of AT1, such Noteholders would, upon repayment or 
redemption of such Notes, be entitled to receive only the net amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds 
after deduction of the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, Noteholders may receive less than the full 
amount due under such Notes, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
G. Additional risks related to the AT1 Notes 
 
AT1 Notes are of perpetual nature. 
 
AT1 Notes have no fixed final redemption date and holders have no rights to call for the redemption of such 
Notes. Although the Issuer may redeem such Notes in certain circumstances, there are limitations on its ability

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
to do so. Therefore, holders of AT1 Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks 
of an investment in such Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
 
AT1 Notes are deeply subordinated obligations. 
AT1 Notes are unsecured, deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer and are currently the most junior 
debt instruments of the Issuer, ranking behind claims of depositors of the Issuer, other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer and subordinated creditors of the Issuer in respect of subordinated indebtedness other 
than Parity Securities, pari passu with other securities of the Issuer which are recognised as Additional Tier 
1 Capital of the Issuer, from time to time by the Competent Authority and currently in priority only to all 
classes of ordinary share capital of the Issuer. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of the holders of any AT1 Notes to payments will be 
subordinated in full to the payment in full of the unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and any other 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer that are senior in priority of payment to the claims of the holders of AT1 
Notes. 
 
 
Interest payments on AT1 Notes may be cancelled by the Issuer (in whole or in part) at any time and, in 
certain circumstances, the Issuer will be required to cancel such interest payments. 
Interest on any AT1 Notes will be due and payable only at the sole discretion of the Issuer, and the Issuer shall 
have sole and absolute discretion at all times and for any reason to cancel (in whole or in part) any interest 
payment that would otherwise be payable on any Interest Payment Date on AT1 Notes. Interest will only be 
due and payable on an Interest Payment Date to the extent it is not cancelled in accordance with the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If the Issuer does not make an interest payment on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date (or if the Issuer elects to make a payment of a portion, but not all, of such interest payment), 
such non-payment shall evidence the Issuer’s exercise of its discretion to cancel such interest payment (or the 
portion of such interest payment not paid), and accordingly such interest payment (or the portion thereof not 
paid) shall not be due and payable. 
The Issuer may cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment on any AT1 Notes at its discretion and may 
pay dividends on its ordinary or preference shares notwithstanding such cancellation. In addition, the Issuer 
may without restriction use funds that could have been applied to make such cancelled payments to meet its 
other obligations as they become due. 
Subject to the extent permitted in the following paragraph in respect of partial interest payments, the Issuer 
shall not make an interest payment on any AT1 Notes on any Interest Payment Date (and such interest payment 
shall therefore be deemed to have been cancelled and thus shall not be due and payable on such Interest 
Payment Date) if the Issuer has an amount of Distributable Items on such Interest Payment Date that is less 
than the sum of all distributions or interest payments on all other own funds instruments of the Issuer paid or 
required to be paid in the then financial year. 
Although the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, elect to make a partial interest payment on the AT1 Notes on 
any Interest Payment Date, it may only do so to the extent that such partial interest payment may be made 
without breaching the restriction in the preceding paragraph. 
If and to the extent that such payment would cause a breach of any regulatory restriction or prohibition on 
payments on AT1 Notes pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations (including, without limitation, any such 
restrictions or prohibitions relating to circumstances where the maximum distributable amount (if any), 
determined in accordance with Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive applies to the Issuer, no payments will be 
made on the AT1 Notes (whether by way of principal, interest or otherwise). The maximum distributable 
amount is a complex concept, and its determination is subject to considerable uncertainty and may change over 
time. See also “—Increased capital requirements may adversely affect the Group” above. 
Cancelled interest shall not be due and shall not accumulate or be payable at any time thereafter, and 
Noteholders shall have no rights thereto or to receive any additional interest or compensation as a result of 
such cancellation. Furthermore, no cancellation of interest in accordance with the General Terms and

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Conditions of the Notes, shall constitute a default in payment or otherwise under the relevant AT1 Notes. 
Any actual or anticipated cancellation of interest on the AT1 Notes will likely have an adverse effect on the 
market price of the AT1 Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest cancellation provisions of the AT1 Notes, 
the market price of the Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which 
interest accrues that are not subject to such cancellation and may be more sensitive generally to adverse 
changes in the Issuer’s financial condition. 
Moreover, any indication that the CET1 Ratio (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
of either the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) is trending towards the minimum applicable combined 
buffer may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes, and in particular the AT1 Notes. 
 
Holders will bear the risk of changes in the CET1 Ratio. 
 
The market price of the AT1 Notes is expected to be affected by changes in the CET1 Ratio. Changes in the 
CET1 Ratio may be caused by changes in the amount of CET1 Capital and/or risk weighted asset ratio, as well 
as changes to their respective definition and interpretation under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
 
The Issuer only publicly reports the CET1 Ratio quarterly as of the period end, and therefore during the 
quarterly period there is no published updating of the CET1 Ratio and there may be no prior warning of adverse 
changes in the CET1 Ratio. However, any indication that the CET1 Ratio is moving towards the level of a 
Trigger Event or a breach of the maximum distributable amount may have an adverse effect on the market 
price of the AT1 Notes. A decline or perceived decline in the CET1 Ratio may significantly affect the trading 
price of the Notes, in particular AT1 Notes. 
 
In addition, the Competent Authority, as part of its supervisory activity, may instruct the Issuer to calculate 
such ratio as at any time, including if the Issuer and/or the Group is subject to recovery and resolution actions 
by the relevant resolution authority, or the Issuer might otherwise determine to calculate such ratio in its own 
discretion at any time. Moreover, the relevant resolution authority is likely to allow a Trigger Event to occur 
rather than to resort to the use of public funds. 
The circumstances surrounding a Trigger Event are unpredictable, and there are a number of factors that 
could affect the Issuer’s or the Group’s CET1 Ratio and, more generally, their overall capital position. 
The occurrence of a Trigger Event is inherently unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, including 
those discussed in greater detail in the following paragraphs, any of which may be outside the Issuer’s control. 
The calculation of the Issuer’s or the Group’s CET1 Ratio, and, more generally, their overall capital position, 
could be affected by one or more factors, including, among other things, changes in the mix of the Group’s 
business, major events affecting the Group’s earnings, dividend payments by the Issuer, regulatory changes 
(including changes to definitions and calculations of regulatory capital ratios and their components, including 
CET1 Capital and risk weighted assets and the Group’s ability to manage risk weighted assets in both its 
ongoing businesses and those which it may seek to exit. In addition, the Group has capital resources and risk 
weighted assets denominated in foreign currencies, and changes in foreign exchange rates will result in changes 
in the balance sheet value of foreign currency denominated capital resources and risk weighted assets. As a 
result, the Issuer’s or the Group’s respective CET1 Ratios (and their overall capital position) are exposed to 
foreign currency movements. 
The calculation of the CET1 Ratio (and the overall capital position) may also be affected by changes in 
applicable accounting rules, or by changes to regulatory adjustments which modify the regulatory capital 
impact of accounting rules. Moreover, even if changes in applicable accounting rules, or changes to regulatory 
adjustments which modify accounting rules, are not yet in force as of the relevant calculation date, the 
Competent Authority could require the Issuer to reflect such changes in any particular calculation of the CET1 
Ratio. Accordingly, accounting changes or regulatory changes may have a material adverse impact on the 
Group’s calculations of regulatory capital, including CET1 Capital and risk weighted assets, and the CET1 
Ratio. The calculation of the CET1 Ratio and its constituent elements (and the overall capital position) and the 
levels at which the Trigger Level is set may continue to vary from time to time.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Because of the inherent uncertainty regarding whether a Trigger Event will occur, it will be difficult to predict 
when, if at all, a Write-Down may occur. Accordingly, the trading behaviour of the AT1 Notes is not 
necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour of other types of security. Any indication that a Trigger 
Event may occur can be expected to have a material adverse effect on the market price of the AT1 Notes. 
In addition, any of the factors that affect the Group’s overall capital position, including those mentioned above, 
may in turn affect the Group’s capital, leverage and/or MREL resources and the maximum distributable 
amount, see “—Regulatory risks”. 
 
The CET1 Ratio will be affected by the Issuer’s business decisions and, in making such decisions, the Issuer’s 
interests may not be aligned with those of the Noteholders. 
As discussed, the CET1 Ratio could be affected by a number of factors. It will also depend on the Group’s 
decisions relating to its businesses and operations, as well as the management of its capital position. The Issuer 
will have no obligation to consider the interests of the Noteholders in connection with the strategic decisions 
of the Group, including in respect of capital management. The Noteholders will not have any claim against the 
Issuer or any other member of the Group relating to decisions that affect the business and operations of the 
Group, including its capital position, regardless of whether they result in the occurrence of a Trigger Event. 
Such decisions could cause Noteholders to lose all or part of the value of their investment in the AT1 Notes. 
The principal amount of the AT1 Notes may be reduced to absorb losses. 
If a Trigger Event has occurred, then the Issuer shall write down the Principal Amount of each AT1 Note by 
writing down Principal Amount on the Write-Down Date in accordance with Condition 15 of the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Noteholders may lose all of their investment as a result of a Write-Down. 
Any future outstanding junior securities of the Issuer might not include write-down or similar features with triggers 
comparable to those of the AT1 Notes and/or the write-down or conversion features of other loss absorbing 
instruments may not be fully effective in all circumstances. As a result, it is possible that the AT1 Notes will be 
subject to a Write-Down, while junior securities (including equity securities) remain outstanding and continue to 
receive payments and, as such, holders of AT1 Notes may be subject to losses ahead of holders of junior securities 
(including equity securities). It is also possible that holders of AT1 Notes may be subject to greater losses if the 
write-down or conversion features of other loss absorbing instruments are not fully effective. 
 
There is uncertainty regarding the tax treatment of the AT1 Notes. 
There are unpublished tax rulings supporting the interpretation that AT1 Notes are treated as loans in the 
Issuer’s taxation and that the possible Write-Down of AT1 Notes would not generate taxable income for the 
Issuer when the Write-Down corresponds to the amount considered to be without value. Similarly, any 
revaluation in the value of the Notes would not be treated as deductible cost in Issuer’s taxation. However, as 
there are no tax rulings that directly concern the Issuer and AT1 Notes in question, there can be no assurance 
on the tax treatment of the AT1 Notes in the Issuer’s taxation 
H. Risks related to Green Bonds 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes of the Green Bonds will be allocated or reallocated from time to 
time to the financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of Green Assets as defined in the Final Terms and 
further described in the Ålandsbanken´s Green Finance Framework. Green Assets can be used as collateral in 
the Issuer’s cover pool although they can be financed with other instruments than the Issuer’s covered bonds. 
Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, of the net proceeds of the Notes to Green Assets, 
the Issuer will invest the balance of the net proceeds, at its own discretion, in cash and/or cash equivalent 
and/or other liquid marketable instruments. The Issuer will use its best efforts to substitute any redeemed loans, 
any other form of financing that is no longer financed or refinanced by the net proceeds, and/or any such loans 
or any other form of financing which cease to be Green Assets, as soon as practicable once an appropriate

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
substitution option has been identified. There is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to invest all the net 
proceeds in Green Assets. Failure in investing to other than Green Assets does not constitute an event of default 
or an obligation for the issuer to redeem the Notes.  
No assurance can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets 
will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during 
the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets. Failure to meet 
“green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently labelled performance objectives or occurrence of any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts does not constitute an event of default or an obligation for the issuer 
to redeem the Notes. 
Payments of principal and interest on the Green Notes shall not depend on the performance of the relevant 
eligible assets. Failure by the issuer to provide or publish any reporting, any (impact) assessment or to obtain 
any (third) opinion or certification will not constitute an event of default under the notes or give rise to any 
obligation or liability of the issuer or other claim of noteholders against the issuer. 
The Green classification of a note does not affect the status of the notes in terms of subordination, loss 
absorbency features and regulatory classification as own funds or eligible liabilities instruments. Green Tier 2 
Notes are available to absorb losses incurred not only on Green Assets but also on all types of assets in the 
balance sheet of the Issuer. Green Tier 2 Notes are fully subject to the application of the CRR eligibility criteria 
and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and related risks as loss-absorbing 
instruments. The lack of Green Assets has no consequence on the instruments’ permanence and loss 
absorbency. CRR provisions ensure that in an event of bail-in, the own funds and eligible liabilities instruments 
function following the creditor’s hierarchy according to national insolvency law. This principle is upheld 
regardless of whether the bonds are labelled Green or not. 
I. Risks related to the Notes generally 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors  
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. Modifications of the conditions of the Notes and other resolutions made at the 
Noteholders’ Meetings may not be in all Noteholders’ interest. 
Reliance on Euroclear Finland’s and Euroclear Sweden’s procedures 
The Notes are issued in book-entry form in the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document 
of title other than statements of account made by Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, or 
account operators. The Notes are uncertificated and dematerialised securities and title to the Notes is recorded 
and transfers of the Notes are affected only through the relevant entries in the relevant book-entry system and 
registers maintained by Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, and account operators. 
Therefore, timely and successful completion of transactions relating to the Notes, including but not limited to 
transfers of, and payments made under, the Notes, depend on the relevant book-entry system being operational 
and that the relevant parties, including but not limited to the payment transfer bank and the account operators 
of the holders of the Notes, are functioning when transactions are executed.  
Consequently, in order to affect such entries, Noteholders must establish a book-entry account through a credit 
institution or a securities firm acting as an account operator with Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as 
applicable.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in law or administrative practice 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are governed by Finnish law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, except for the registration of Notes in Euroclear Sweden, which will be governed by Swedish law. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Finnish law or 
Swedish law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of the Notes linked to such 
“benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (“STIBOR”) and 
other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent international, national and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or 
to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and came into 
force on 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed to be 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be 
a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
“benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors that may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the “benchmarks” or (iii) lead to disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
The assets comprising the Cover Pool do not form part of the general assets of the Issuer that would be 
available to holders of MTNs in the case of bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer 
In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the holders of Covered Bonds (along with 
counterparties to related Derivative Transactions and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans) have the 
benefit of priority to the assets in the relevant Cover Pool. Holders of MTNs do not have the same benefit. In 
the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer, holders of MTNs will therefore be subordinated in right of payment 
to holders of Covered Bonds and rank pari passu with other unsecured obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
the Issuer’s remaining assets and may lose, in full or in part, the invested nominal amount and interest payable 
on such Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
J. Risks related to the market generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or the secondary market may be 
illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency of the relevant Notes specified in the 
Final Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the currency of 
the relevant Notes. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due 
to devaluation of the currency of the Notes or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the currency of the Notes would decrease (1) 
the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Finnish Cover Pool or any Notes may not reflect all the risks 
associated with an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes, the Issuer or the Finnish 
Cover Pool. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by its assigning 
credit rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as 
the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help 
of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
 
• 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
• 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
• 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective 
investor’s currency; 
• 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
• 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.  
 
Restriction on marketing and sales to retail investors  
 
The AT1 Notes discussed in this Base Prospectus are complex financial instruments and are not a suitable or 
appropriate investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory authorities have adopted or published 
laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer or sale of securities such as the AT1 Notes to retail 
investors. 
 
For example, MiFID II sets out various obligations in relation to (i) the manufacturing and distribution of 
financial instruments and (ii) the offering, sale and distribution of packaged retail and insurance-based 
investment products and certain contingent write-down or convertible securities. Potential investors should 
inform themselves of, and comply with, any applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance with respect 
to any resale of the AT1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein). 
 
The Dealers (and/or their respective affiliates) are required to comply with some or all of the laws, regulations 
or regulatory guidance with respect to any resale of the AT1 Notes (or a beneficial interest therein). By 
purchasing, or making or accepting an offer to purchase, any AT1 Notes (or a beneficial interest in such AT1 
Notes) from the Issuer and/or the Dealers each prospective investor represents, warrants, agrees with and 
undertakes to the Issuer and each of the Dealers that: 
(a) it is not a retail client (as defined in MiFID II); 
(b) it will not 
(i) sell or offer the AT1 Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) to retail clients (as defined in 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) communicate (including the distribution of the Base Prospectus or approve an invitation or 
inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite AT1 Notes (or any beneficial interests 
therein) where that invitation or inducement is addressed to or disseminated in such a way that 
it is likely to be received by a retail client (as defined in MiFID II); and

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
(c) it will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance (whether inside 
or outside the EEA) relating to the promotion, offering, distribution and/or sale of the AT1 Notes (or 
any beneficial interests therein), including (without limitation) MiFID II and other applicable laws, 
regulations and regulatory guidance relating to determining the appropriateness and/or suitability of 
an investment in the AT1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) by investors in any relevant 
jurisdiction.  
 
Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or making or accepting 
an offer to purchase, any AT1 Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) from the Issuer and/or the Dealers, 
the foregoing representations, warranties, agreements and undertakings will be given by and be binding upon 
both the agent and its underlying client. 
 
 
Cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements 
 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and 
performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, 
“may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements. These 
forward looking statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of 
Ålandsbanken” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has based these forward looking 
statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance. 
Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking 
statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties 
materialise, including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base 
Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s 
actual results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or 
revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based. 
 
Use of benchmarks:  
 
Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference to EURIBOR or STIBOR. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is EMMI (European Money Market Institute). EMMI is 
registered in the register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by European Securities and Market 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) no 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks 
in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the 
Benchmarks Regulation). EURIBOR is now considered compliant according to the Benchmarks Regulation 
and has been added to the European Securities and Market Authority’s (ESMA) Benchmark Register. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of STIBOR is the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (SFBF), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Swedish Bankers’ Association. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the SFBF is not included in ESMAs register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, STIBOR may continue to be used while SWE-FSA evaluates an application from SFBF to SWE-FSA 
on 27 December 2021 to become an authorised administrator in accordance with the BMR.   
 
In the spring of 2019, the European Commission announced a political agreement, to grant providers of critical 
benchmarks, such as STIBOR, two additional years until December 2021 to comply with the new Benchmarks 
Regulation requirements.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
Presentation of financial and certain other information 
 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2019 (the 2019 Financial Statements); (ii) 31 December 2020 (the 2020 Financial Statements); 
and (iii) 31 December 2021 (the 2021 Financial Statements). The Issuer’s financial year ends on 31 
December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 
December of such year. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union 
 
Notes which are issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance 
that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the net proceeds from an issue of those 
Notes whether directly or indirectly, to finance or refinance projects and activities that purport to satisfy certain 
eligibility requirements determined by Issuer, promote climate resilient and sustainable economies or 
environmental and climate-friendly improvements or to other environmental and sustainable purposes (Green 
Assets and thereto related Notes, Green Bonds). Prospective investors should have regard to the information 
set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of 
such proceeds for any Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Green Assets.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be available in 
connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Assets to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date of that opinion was 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for 
the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or 
admission to trading satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green 
Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made 
by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of 
any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life 
of the Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specific for Green Assets in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds 
will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green 
Assets will be completed within any specific period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by 
the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Assets as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is 
not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also 
potentially the value of any such Notes which are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF ISSUER’S COVER POOL  
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will have the benefit of one pool of qualifying assets that have 
been established by the Issuer in accordance with the Repealed Covered Bond Act, as follows: 
• 
the Finnish cover pool (the Finnish Cover Pool), which was established in September 2012 and which 
comprises primarily of residential mortgages granted to debtors in Finland. Covered Bonds that are 
secured by the Finnish Cover Pool shall be specified as Category FIN Covered Bonds in the applicable 
Final Terms (the Category FIN Covered Bonds).  
The Issuer will maintain a separate register for the Finnish Cover Pool in accordance with the Repealed 
Covered Bond Act. Category FIN Covered Bonds shall only be secured by the Finnish Cover Pool.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
  
ÅLANDSBANKEN ABP 
Issue of [       ] [        ] 
under the EUR 2,000,000,000 
Medium Term Note, Covered Bond, Tier 2 Note and AT1 Note Programme 
 
 
PRIIPS Regulation/Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors: The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
Insurance Mediation Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in point e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2( 1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; [and] 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate 
[and (iii) the negative target market for the Notes is clients that seek full capital protection or full repayment 
of the amount invested, are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or need a fully guaranteed income or fully 
predictable return profile].  
 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor)/distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer's/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated [    ] 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [    ] [and [    ]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including 
but not limited to, the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base 
Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined 
as such for the purposes of the Conditions. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated [    ] [and [    ]] and the Final Terms are available at the 
website of the Issuer at [https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-investors/debt-programme] and upon 
request from the Issuer or at the subscription places specified herein.  
 
 
 
Issuer: 
 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Type of Notes: 
 
[MTNs][Covered Bonds][Tier 2 Notes][AT1 Notes] 
Category of Covered Bonds: 
 
[Category FIN Covered Bonds][Not Applicable] 
Series number: 
 
[     ] 
Tranche number: 
 
[     ][Not Applicable] 
[Date on which the Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
 
 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [insert description of relevant Series of 
Notes] on the Issue Date][Not Applicable]] 
Dealer(s) 
 
[insert name and address][Not Applicable] 
Subscription place(s) 
[insert name and address][Not Applicable] 
Issuer Agent 
[insert name and address][The Issuer acts as the 
Issuer Agent] 
Paying Agent 
[insert name and address][The Issuer acts as the 
Paying Agent][Not Applicable] 
Calculation Agent 
[insert name and address][The Issuer acts as the 
Calculation Agent][Not Applicable] 
Currency: 
[EUR][SEK] 
Aggregate nominal amount: 
 
 
(a) Series: 
[     ]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[     ] 
Denomination of each book-entry unit: 
[EUR [  ] ][SEK [  ]] 
Number of book-entry units: 
[    ] 
Form of the Notes: 
[Book-entry securities of Euroclear Finland’s Infinity 
book-entry system][Book-entry securities registered 
in a register (Sw. avstämningsregister) of Euroclear 
Sweden] 
 
Minimum subscription amount: 
[EUR [   ] ][SEK [  ]] 
Subscription fee: 
[The Dealer(s) [and potential other subscription 
places] do not charge the costs relating to the issue 
and offering to the Noteholders][[   ] charges [   ] to 
the Noteholders as a cost relating to the issue and 
offering] 
Payment of subscription: 
[Subscriptions shall be paid for as instructed in 
connection with the subscription][The subscription 
shall be paid at the time of subscription] 
Issue price: 
[The issue price is fixed and is [     ] per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal amount][The issue price is 
floating and will not exceed [   ]]  
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
Commencement of first Interest Period: 
[Issue Date][   ] 
Rate of interest: 
[Fixed interest rate [  ] per cent.] 
 
[Floating interest rate [   ] months 
[EURIBOR][STIBOR] + margin of [  ]] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
[specify details of changes(s) in rate of interest and 
the relevant Interest Periods to which the change(s) 
in interest rate applies, if applicable] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
Change of rate of interest 
[Specify the date when any change occurs][Not 
Applicable] 
Redemption amount: 
The Notes will be redeemed at [   ] per cent. of their 
aggregate nominal amount 
Manner of redemption: 
 
[The Notes will be redeemed in one instalment.][The 
Notes will be redeemed in several instalments [insert 
details on the amounts and redemption dates of each 
instalment]]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Maturity Date: 
[     ] [The Notes have no scheduled maturity date] 
 
(a) Extended Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Extended Maturity Date: 
 
[Insert date] 
[In accordance with Condition 6.8, if the Issuer fails 
to redeem the Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity 
Date or within two (2) Business Days thereafter, the 
maturity of the nominal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds will be extended automatically to the 
Extended Maturity Date set out above without 
constituting an event of default or giving holders of 
the Covered Bonds any rights other than as expressly 
set out in the Conditions. In that event, the interest 
rate payable on, and the Interest Periods and Interest 
Payment Dates, in respect of the Covered Bonds, will 
change from those that applied up to the Maturity 
Date and the Issuer may redeem all or part of the 
nominal amount outstanding of those Covered Bonds 
on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month 
after the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date, all in accordance with 
Condition 6.8.] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Issuer Call 
Delivery of book-entry securities: 
 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
The time when the book-entry securities are 
recorded in the book-entry accounts specified by the 
subscribers is estimated to be [   ] 
ISIN code of the Series of Notes: 
 
[   ] 
Registrar: 
 
[Euroclear Finland Ltd][Euroclear Sweden AB] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST  
 
Fixed interest rate provisions: 
 
(a) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[    ]  
(b) Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365][Actual/360][30E/360][30/360] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
(c) Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding 
Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
Floating interest rate provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(a) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) Minimum rate of interest: 
 
[[     ] per cent. Per annum][Not Applicable] 
(c) Maximum rate of interest: 
 
[[     ] per cent. Per annum][Not Applicable] 
(d) Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365][Actual/360][30E/360][30/360] 
[Not Applicable] 
(e) Business Day Convention: 
 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding 
Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
Extended Maturity interest provisions: 
 
[Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date 
to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date][Not 
Applicable][Applicable from (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date to (and including) the Extended 
Maturity Date] 
(a) Rate of interest: 
 
 
[Fixed interest rate [  ] per cent] 
[Floating interest rate [   ] months 
EURIBOR][STIBOR] + margin of [  ]] 
[Zero coupon] 
[Not Applicable] 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s) 
[    ][Not applicable] 
(c) Minimum rate of interest: 
[[     ] per cent. Per annum][Not Applicable] 
(d) Maximum rate of interest: 
[[     ] per cent. Per annum][Not Applicable] 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365][Actual/360][30E/360][30/360] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
Early Redemption for tax reasons:  
                [Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Early Redemption Amount:   
              [Nominal amount of the Notes] [ ] 
 
Issuer Call:  
 
 
              [Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
Early Redemption Amount:                                        [  ] of the relevant proportion of the nominal amount  
 
 
 
              being redeemed in accordance with Condition 6.4] 
 
First Call Date:  
 
              [[●] subject to Condition 7.2.1] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Decisions and authority pursuant to which the Notes 
are issued: 
[Based on the authorisation dated [  ] of the Issuer’s 
Board of Directors][Based on the resolution of the 
Issuer’s Board of Directors dated [   ]] 
Subscription period: 
[   ] 
Conditions for issue: 
[   ][Not Applicable] 
Indication of yield (fixed interest rate Notes with fixed 
issue price only): 
[   ] [Not Applicable] 
The yield is calculated on the Issue Date based on 
the issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] [Not Applicable] 
Credit rating: 
[    ][Not Applicable] [The Notes are expected to be 
rated [insert rating] by [insert credit agency legal 
name and other information to CRA regulation] 
Listing: 
The Issuer [will][will not] be applied for the Notes 
to be listed on [the Helsinki Stock Exchange]  
Use of Proceeds: 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit.] [The net 
proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be allocated 
or reallocated from time to time to the financing 
and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of Green 
Assets as defined in Use of Proceeds of Base 
Prospectus.]  
Estimated time of listing: 
[    ][Not Applicable] 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to listing: 
[    ][Not Applicable] 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the 
issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s), so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Notes has an interest material to the issue. The 
Dealer(s) and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business] / [insert 
details of other interests that may be material to the 
issue]. 
In [insert place], on [insert date] 
ÅLANDSBANKEN ABP

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following General Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) of the Programme must be read in their entirety 
together with the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Notes.  
Words and expressions defined in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the 
Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
The term Noteholder refers to a holder of MTNs, Covered Bonds, Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes, as applicable.  
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meaning: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means additional tier 1 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
Administrative Action means any judicial decision, official administrative pronouncement, and 
regulatory procedure affecting taxation. 
Applicable Banking Regulation means at any time the laws, regulations, delegated or implementing 
acts, regulatory or implementing technical standards, rules, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
loss absorbing capacity then in effect in the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the Capital Regulations, CRD IV, the SRM 
Regulation, BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liability and/or loss absorbing 
capacity adopted by the Competent Authority, the Resolution Authority or any other national or 
European authority from time to time, and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines 
or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer or the Group). 
AT1 Instruments has the meaning given to it in the Capital Regulations. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May as regards 
the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and 
Directive 98/26/EC, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time. 
Capital Event is deemed to have occurred if, after consultation with the Competent Authority, the 
Issuer determines that there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Tier 2 Notes or the AT1 
Notes, as the case may be, under the Capital Regulations and that would be likely to result in their 
exclusion in full or in part from the Issuer’s own funds  or in reclassification as a lower quality form 
of the Issuer’s own funds.  
Capital Regulations means any requirements of Finnish law or contained in the relevant rules of EU 
law that are then in effect at the Issue Date in Finland relating to capital adequacy and applicable to 
the issuer, including but not limited to the CRR, national laws and regulations implementing the CRD 
IV Directive and the BRRD, delegated or implementing acts adopted by the European Commission 
and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority, as amended from time to time, or such 
other acts as may come into effect in place thereof.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
CDR means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 241/2014 of 7 January 2014 supplementing 
the CRR with regard to the RTS for Own Funds requirements for institutions (Capital Delegated 
Regulation), as amended from time to time. 
CET1 Ratio means, with respect to the Issuer, at any time, the CET1 Capital as of such time expressed 
as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount of the Issuer. 
CET1 Instruments has the meaning given to it in the Capital Regulations. 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Capital has the meaning given to it in Article 50 of the CRR 
complemented by the transitional provisions of Part Ten of the CRR as implemented in Finland. 
Competent Authority means the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the FIN-FSA) or such 
other or successor authority that is responsible for prudential supervision and/or empowered by 
national law to supervise the Issuer as part of the supervisory system in operation in Finland. 
CRD IV means the legislative package consisting of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD 
IV Implementing Measures. 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directive 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, amended from time to time, or such other directive as may come into 
effect in place thereof. 
CRD IV Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Group and which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the Group (on a solo or 
consolidated basis, as the case may be) to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, 
including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards released by the European 
Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof). 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, amended from time to time, or such other regulation as may come into 
effect in place thereof (including as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, to the extent then in application). 
Distributable Items means the amount of the profits at the end of the latest financial year, plus any 
profits brought forward and reserves available for that purpose before distributions to holders of own 
funds instruments (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Tier 2 Instruments), minus any losses 
brought forward, profits that are non-distributable pursuant to provisions in Finland’s legislation or 
the Issuer’s articles of association, and sums placed to non-distributable reserves in accordance with 
applicable Finnish law or the Issuer’s articles of association, those losses and reserves being 
determined on the basis of the individual accounts of the Issuer and not on the basis of the 
(sub)consolidated accounts. 
Maximum Distributable Amount means any maximum distributable amount required to be 
calculated in accordance with Article 141 of the CRD IV Directive or analogous restrictions arising 
from the requirement to meet capital buffers under Applicable Banking Regulations as transposed or 
implemented into the laws of Finland and in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Parity Securities means any (i) subordinated and undated debt instruments or securities of the Issuer 
which are recognised as additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer, from time to time by the Competent

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Authority and (ii) any securities or other obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, pari passu with the AT1 Notes. 
Relevant Capital means, in respect of any Tier 2 Notes, Tier 2 Capital and, in the respect of AT1 
Notes, Tier 1 Capital. 
Relevant Distributions means the sum of (i) any distributions on the Notes made or scheduled to be 
made by the Issuer in the then current financial year of the Issuer and (ii) any distributions made or 
scheduled to be made by the Issuer on other CET1 Instruments or AT1 Instruments in the then current 
financial year of the Issuer. 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a 
Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010. 
Subordinated Indebtedness means any obligation of the Issuer whether or not having a fixed 
maturity, which by its terms is, or is expressed to be, subordinated in the event of liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer to the claims of depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. 
Tax Event means  
(i) 
any amendment to, or clarification of, or change in the laws or treaties (or any regulations 
promulgated thereunder) of the Tax Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or tax authority 
thereof or therein affecting taxation;  
(ii) 
any Administrative Action; or  
(iii) 
any amendment to, clarification of, or change in the official position or the interpretation of 
such Administrative Action or any interpretation or pronouncement that provides for a 
position with respect to such Administrative Action that differs from the theretofore generally 
accepted position (in each case) by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or 
regulatory body, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, clarification or change 
is made known, which amendment, clarification or change is effective, or which 
pronouncement or decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date, and, in any such case, 
where this changes the applicable tax treatment of the Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, changes in the assessment of the Competent Authority regarding tax 
effects are not considered as a Tax Event. 
Tier 1 Capital means tier 1 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Tier 2 Capital means tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations.  
Tier 2 (T2) Instruments has the meaning given to it in the Capital Regulations. 
 
2. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND ISSUANCE  
The Notes are issued by Ålandsbanken Abp (the Issuer) pursuant to the Programme.  
The Notes are issued in a series (each a Series) of either as 
1) medium term notes (MTNs);

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
2) covered bonds (Fi. katetut joukkolainat) (Covered Bonds) under the Repealed Finnish Act on 
Mortgage Credit Bank Operations (Fi. laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010) (as 
amended) (the Repealed Covered Bond Act), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3) tier 2 notes (Tier 2 Notes), which serve the purpose of being regulatory Tier 2 Capital to fulfil 
capital requirement rules for the Issuer, provided that the requirements set out in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations are fulfilled; or 
4) tier 1 notes (AT1 Notes), which serve the purpose of being regulatory Tier 1 Capital to fulfil 
capital requirement rules for the Issuer, provided that the requirements set out in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations  are fulfilled. 
The denomination of each book-entry unit (Fi. arvo-osuuden yksikkökoko) relating to the Notes shall 
be at least EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in SEK, the equivalent amount in SEK). 
All Notes of the same Series shall have the same denomination. The minimum subscription amount 
shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms and shall be at least EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in SEK, the equivalent amount in SEK). 
Each Series of Notes may comprise one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Notes. 
The Notes shall be offered for subscription mainly to institutional investors. 
The Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised form in: 
(a) 
the Infinity book-entry system (Fi. arvo-osuusjärjestelmä) of Euroclear Finland Ltd 
(Euroclear Finland), incorporated in Finland with registration number 1061446-0 and 
having its registered address at Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland, 
in accordance with Finnish legislation governing the book-entry system, clearing 
operations and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear Rules; or 
(b) 
the register (Sw. avstämningsregister) held by Euroclear Sweden AB (Euroclear 
Sweden), incorporated in Sweden with registration number 556112-8074 and having 
its registered address at Klarabergsviadukten 63, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, 
Sweden, formed in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
1998 (Sw. lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument), other applicable Swedish legislation and the Euroclear Rules, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The registrar in respect of the Notes will be Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer may appoint an issuer agent (Fi. liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies; Sw. emissionsinstitut) (the 
Issuer Agent) referred to in the Euroclear Rules and applicable laws, a paying agent (the Paying 
Agent) for a Series of Notes or the Issuer may act as the Issuer Agent and/or Paying Agent, in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may appoint one or more dealers (the 
Dealers) for a Series of Notes or Tranche of Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Issuer may appoint a calculation agent (the Calculation Agent) for a Series of Notes or Tranche of 
Notes or the Issuer may act as the Calculation Agent, in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, the Euroclear Rules means regulations, decisions and operating 
procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
3. 
STATUS AND SECURITY 
3.1 
Medium term notes (MTNs) 
If the Notes are issued as MTNs as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by mandatory law) 
equally with all other unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding.  
3.2 
Covered Bonds 
If the Notes are issued as Covered Bonds as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes are 
obligations issued in accordance with the Repealed Covered Bond Act. The Covered Bonds are 
Category FIN Covered Bonds.  
Category FIN Covered Bonds 
(i)  Ranking 
The Category FIN Covered Bonds rank pari passu among themselves and with Derivative 
Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans in respect of the statutory right of preference 
to assets registered in the Finnish Cover Pool in accordance with the Repealed Covered Bond 
Act.  
(ii) Finnish Cover Pool asset cashflow 
For so long as the Category FIN Covered Bonds are outstanding, 
(A) 
where Public-Sector Debt and/or Supplemental Assets are included in the Finnish 
Cover Pool, the Issuer shall ensure that the debtors in respect of such Public-Sector 
Debt and Supplemental Assets make all payments of principal and/or interest to which 
the Issuer is entitled in respect of its holding of such Public-Sector Debt and/or 
Supplemental Assets to a bank account designated by the Issuer which must be held 
with an Eligible Bank; 
(B) 
as soon as practicable after the occurrence of a Payment Default, the Issuer shall 
instruct the debtors in respect of Mortgages in the Finnish Cover Pool to make all 
payments of principal and/or interest to which the Issuer is entitled in respect of such 
Mortgages to a bank account designated by the Issuer which must be held with an 
Eligible Bank.  
If a bank or credit institution to which debtors have been instructed to make payments in 
accordance with this Condition 3.2(a)(ii) ceases to be an Eligible Bank, then the Issuer shall 
ensure that, for purposes of this Condition 3.2(a)(ii), such bank or credit institution is replaced 
with an Eligible Bank as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event not later than 60 
calendar days, after the date when such bank or credit institution ceased to be an Eligible 
Bank. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans means loans made by the bankruptcy administrator of the Issuer to 
secure liquidity or take out liquidity credit in accordance with Section 26 of the Repealed Covered 
Bond Act and recorded in the relevant register of the relevant covered bonds;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Derivative Transactions means derivative transactions entered into by the Issuer to hedge against 
risks relating to the Notes or the underlying assets in the Finnish Cover Pool and recorded in the 
relevant register of the relevant covered bonds; 
Eligible Bank means (a) the Bank of Finland provided that the long-term credit rating assigned by 
Standard & Poor’s to the Republic of Finland is at least “AA” or (b) a bank or credit institution which 
has a long-term credit rating assigned by Standard & Poor’s of at least “A” or, if such bank or credit 
institution (or its debt securities) are not rated by Standard & Poor’s, such bank or credit institution 
shall be deemed to be an Eligible Bank if Standard & Poor’s confirms to the Issuer in writing, with a 
copy to the Paying Agent, that the use of such bank or credit institution for the purpose stated in this 
Condition 3 does not adversely impact the then current Standard & Poor’s rating of the Notes; 
Finnish Cover Pool means the cover pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the Repealed 
Covered Bond Act and this Condition 3 and that secures the Category FIN Covered Bonds; 
Mortgage shall mean commercial mortgages (Fi. liikekiinteistöluotto) and residential mortgages (Fi. 
asuntoluotto), each as defined in the Repealed Covered Bond Act; 
Payment Default means a default by the Issuer in the payment of any principal or interest due in 
respect of any of its material Indebtedness where the default continues for a period of five (5) days in 
the case of principal and three (3) days in the case of interest; 
Public-Sector Debt means public sector debt (Fi. julkisyhteisöluotto) as defined in the Repealed 
Covered Bond Act; and  
Supplemental Assets means supplemental assets (Fi. täytevakuus) within the meaning of Section 15 
of the Repealed Covered Bond Act. 
3.3 
Tier 2 Notes 
 
The Issuer expects the Tier 2 Notes to be Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer. The Tier 2 Notes constitute 
direct, unsecured, unguaranteed and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. In the event of voluntary 
or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of the Noteholders 
to payments of the Outstanding Principal Amount and any other amounts in respect of the Tier 2 Notes 
(including any accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall, at all times: 
 
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all senior creditors of the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all Tier 2 Notes of the Issuer which in each case by 
law rank, or by their terms, are expressed to rank pari passu with the Tier 2 Notes; and 
(iii) 
rank senior to any AT1 Notes, Parity Securities or any other obligations of the Issuer ranking, 
or expressed to rank, junior to the Tier 2 Notes of the Issuer.   
The Tier 2 Notes can be calculated into the Tier 2 Capital as set out in Article 63 of the CRR, provided 
that the requirements set out in the Applicable Banking Regulations are fulfilled. No holder of Tier 2 
Notes shall be entitled to exercise any right of setoff or counterclaim against amounts owed by the 
Issuer in respect of the Tier 2 Notes held by it. Each Noteholder shall, by virtue of his holding of any 
Tier 2 Notes, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off and counterclaim. If, notwithstanding 
the preceding sentence, any Noteholder receives or recovers any sum or the benefit of any sum in 
respect of any Tier 2 Notes by virtue of any such set-off or counterclaim, it shall hold the same on 
trust for the Issuer and shall pay the amount thereof to the Issuer or, in the event of liquidation (Fi. 
selvitystila) or bankruptcy (Fi. konkurssi) of the Issuer, to the liquidator or bankruptcy estate of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
3.4 
AT1 Notes 
 
The Issuer expects the AT1 Notes to be AT1 Instruments of the Issuer. The AT1 Notes constitute 
direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall, at all times rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves;  
(ii) 
pari passu with (a) any existing AT1 Instruments of the Issuer and (b) any other obligations 
or capital instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with the AT1 
Notes on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital 
and any other amounts in respect of the AT1 Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest 
and other payments, if any are payable) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer;  
(iii) 
senior to holders of the Issuer’s CET1 Instruments and any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the AT1 Notes on a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer and the right to receive repayment of capital and any 
other amounts in respect of the AT1 Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest and 
other payments, if any are payable) on a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer;   
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and (b) 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer including holder of Tier 2 Notes other than the present or 
future claims of creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the 
AT1 Notes; and 
(v) 
in accordance with Section 6(1), item 4 of the Finnish Act on the Order of Priority of the 
Creditors (laki velkojien maksunsaantijärjestyksestä 1578/1992) (as amended) and Chapter 1, 
Section 4a (1), item 5 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 
610/2014) (as amended). 
The AT1 Notes can be calculated into the Tier 1 Capital as set out in Article 52 of the CRR, provided 
that the requirements set out in the Applicable Banking Regulations are fulfilled. No holder of AT1 
Notes shall be entitled to exercise any right of setoff or counterclaim against amounts owed by the 
Issuer in respect of AT1 Notes held by it. Each Noteholder shall, by virtue of his holding of any AT1 
Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off and counterclaim. If, notwithstanding the 
preceding sentence, any Noteholder receives or recovers any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect 
of any AT1 Note by virtue of any such set-off or counterclaim, it shall hold the same on trust for the 
Issuer and shall pay the amount thereof to the Issuer or, in the event of liquidation (Fi. selvitystila) or 
bankruptcy (Fi. konkurssi) of the Issuer, to the liquidator or bankruptcy estate of the Issuer.  
In liquidation (Fi. selvitystila) of the Issuer, for the purposes of determining whether the liabilities of 
the Issuer exceed the market value of its assets under Chapter 20, Section 7(2) of the Finnish 
Companies Act (osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006) (as amended), the AT1 Notes shall not be regarded as 
liabilities of the Issuer. 
4. 
NOMINAL AMOUNT AND CURRENCY 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued and outstanding under the Programme at any time can 
be a maximum of EUR 2,000,000,000. The Issuer may raise or lower the aggregate nominal amount. 
The nominal amount and currency of a Series of Notes and each Tranche of Notes shall be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may increase or decrease such nominal amount during the 
relevant subscription period. 
Each Series of Notes will be numbered in numerical order. Each Tranche of Notes under a Series of 
Notes will be numbered in numerical order.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
General 
The Notes may be issued as fixed interest rate, floating interest rate or zero coupon Notes, or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
5.2 
Zero coupon 
Zero coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount, at par or premium to their nominal amount 
and, subject to Condition 5.1, will not bear interest. The yield (which may be negative) of zero coupon 
Notes will be the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price. The redemption 
amount of a zero coupon Note is the nominal amount that the Issuer shall repay to the holder of a zero 
coupon Note in accordance with Condition 6.2. 
5.3 
Fixed interest rate 
Each Note to which a fixed rate of interest is applicable pursuant to the applicable Final Terms, bears 
interest at the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
5.4 
Floating interest rate 
(a)  Rate of interest 
Each Note to which a floating rate of interest is applicable pursuant to the applicable Final Terms, 
bears interest at the rate per annum, consisting of a floating reference rate and a margin, each specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The margin will be added to the reference rate. 
The floating reference rate shall be EURIBOR where the issue has been made in EUR and STIBOR 
where the issue has been made in SEK.  
EURIBOR is the rate for deposits in EUR and STIBOR is the rate for deposits in SEK, in each case, 
for a period corresponding to the Interest Period (as defined below) of the relevant Series of Notes 
quoted on the relevant Thomson Reuters page (or such replacement page on a service which displays 
the information) at or about 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in relation to EURIBOR and Stockholm time in 
relation to STIBOR) two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of the Interest Period. If the 
Interest Period does not correspond to any period of times shown on the relevant Thomson Reuters 
page (or such replacement page on a service which displays the information) for EUR or SEK, as 
applicable, the rate of interest for such Interest Period shall be interpolated on a linear basis from the 
rates of interest of the two (2) periods between which the relevant Interest Period falls.  
A minimum rate and/or a maximum rate of interest may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) Benchmark replacement 
 
Notwithstanding Condition 5.4 (a) (Rate of interest) above, if the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine 
a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate no later than three (3) Business Days prior to 
the relevant interest determination date relating to the next succeeding interest period (the 
“IA Determination Cut-off Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
to the Notes for all future interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5.4(c)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to 
the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the 
Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if 
the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate for the 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future interest 
periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4(c); provided, however, that 
if this sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate prior to the interest determination date (as referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms) relating to the next succeeding interest period in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph (ii), the Rate of Interest applicable to such interest period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding interest 
period (though substituting, where a different margin is to be applied to the relevant interest 
period from that which applied to the last preceding interest period, the margin relating to 
the relevant interest period, in place of the margin relating to that last preceding interest 
period);  
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with the 
preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate shall be the 
floating reference rate interest for all future interest periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5.4(c)); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or (if the Issuer is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine whether an Adjustment Spread should be applied) the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread should 
be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) is unable to determine, prior to the interest determination date relating to the next 
succeeding interest period, the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Reference Rate or, in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with 
the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer 
(as the case may be), may also, following consultation, to the extent practicable, with the 
Calculation Agent, specify changes to the Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day 
Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Relevant Screen Page, 
Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Reference Banks and/or the definition of 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the Notes (and, in each case, related 
provisions and definitions), and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to 
the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future interest 
periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4). An 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.4(c) shall (in the absence of bad 
faith, gross negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given 
to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 5.4(c). No Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
such other changes, including for the execution of any documents, amendments or other 
steps by the Issuer;  
(vi) 
A Calculation Agent appointed for a Tranche of Notes shall (in the absence of bad faith, 
gross negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Independent Adviser or Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given 
to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 5.4(c); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (v) above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.4(c): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
i) in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
ii) in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect 
of bonds denominated in euro, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
iii) if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser 
in its discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is most 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or 
source, if available) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has 
replaced the Reference Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating 
rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in euro or, if the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser in its discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is most 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: the Reference Rate  
(i) 
has ceased to be published on the relevant screen page as a result of such benchmark ceasing 
to be calculated or administered; or  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will cease publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that the 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that means 
that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences; or  
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these terms and conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or STIBOR; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency 
to which such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution 
for the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, (d) the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof, 
or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser or (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of 
the Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Reference Rate has ceased 
to be available) which is recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.5 
Interest period 
Interest period (the Interest Period) means each period of time, for which the interest is calculated. 
The first Interest Period shall begin on the Issue Date or on any other date as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and end on the following Interest Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each following Interest Period begins on the previous Interest Payment Date and ends on the following 
Interest Payment Date.  
With respect to Notes registered with Euroclear Finland, interest shall accrue for each Interest Period 
from (and including) the first day of the Interest Period to (but excluding) the last day of such Interest 
Period on the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding from time to time. With respect to Notes 
registered with Euroclear Sweden, Interest shall accrue for each Interest Period from (but excluding) 
the first day of the Interest Period to (and including) the last day of such Interest Period on the nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding from time to time. 
The last Interest Period ends on the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
5.6 
Market conventions 
(a)  Day count fractions 
Day Count Fractions of a Series of Notes shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms and means: 
(i) if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by the number received when multiplying the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period with the number of Interest Periods within a year 
(subject to exceptions in relation to irregular Interest Periods); 
(ii) if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) if “Actual/365” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) if “30E/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a year consists of 12 months of 30 
days each (except in case where the last day of the last Interest Period is the last day of 
February, February shall not be deemed to be a 30-day month) divided by 360; or 
(vi) if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a year consists of 12 months of 30 
days each. 
(b)  Business day convention 
The Business Day Convention shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms and (i) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (ii) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(a) the “Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day;  
(b) the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(c) the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business in Helsinki or Stockholm, 
as applicable, and (in relation to payments in EUR), the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express (TARGET 2) System is open. 
5.7 
Payment of interest

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Interest shall be paid on the dates (each an Interest Payment Date) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity 
Date). 
Payment of interest shall be made in accordance with Finnish or Swedish legislation, as applicable, 
governing the book-entry system, clearing operations and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear 
Rules, to the Noteholder that is entitled to receive such payment according to the book-entry account 
information. 
5.8 
Discretionary cancellation of distributions on the AT1 Notes 
The Issuer may, at its discretion, at any time elect to cancel, in whole or in part, any distributions on 
the AT1 Notes, which is scheduled to be paid on a Interest Payment Date for an unlimited period and 
on a non-cumulative basis. Upon the Issuer electing to cancel (in whole or in part) any distributions 
payment on the AT 1Notes, the Issuer shall give notice of such election to the Noteholders without 
undue delay and in any event no later than on the Interest Payment Date. Any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the cancellation and shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
Such notice shall specify the amount of the relevant cancellation and, accordingly, the amount (if any) 
of the relevant distributions payment on the AT 1 Notes that will be paid on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. 
5.9 
Mandatory cancellation of distributions on the AT1 Notes 
Without prejudice to i) such full discretion of the Issuer under Condition 5.8, Discretionary 
cancellation of distributions on the AT1 Notes and ii) the prohibition to make payments on the AT1 
Instruments pursuant to national legislation implementing Article 141 (2) of the CRD IV Directive, 
before the Maximum Distributable Amount is calculated, any payment of distributions on the Notes 
scheduled to be paid on any Interest Payment Date shall be cancelled, in whole or in part, if and to the 
extent that: 
i) the amount of such distributions payment on the Notes otherwise due, together with any further 
Relevant Distributions, any obligation referred to national legislation implementing Article 141(2) (b) 
of the CRD IV Directive in aggregate exceed the amount of Maximum Distributable Amount (if any); 
or 
ii) the payment of such distributions on the AT1 Notes would cause, when aggregated together with 
other Relevant Distributions the Distributable Items of the Issuer as at such Interest Payment Date then 
applicable to the Issuer to be exceeded; or 
iii) the Competent Authority orders the Issuer to cancel the relevant distributions payment on the AT1 
Notes (in whole or in part) scheduled to be paid. 
5.10 
Distributions on the AT1 Notes non-cumulative 
Any distributions on the Notes so cancelled, shall be cancelled definitively and shall not accumulate 
or be payable at any time thereafter. 
Any accrued but unpaid distributions on the AT1 Notes up to (and including) a Trigger Event (whether 
or not such distributions have become due for payment) shall be automatically cancelled. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any accrued but unpaid distributions from the Trigger Event up to the Write-Down 
Date shall also be automatically cancelled even if no notice has been given to that effect.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
5.11 
No default 
Any distributions payment on the AT1 Notes (or part thereof) so cancelled shall not constitute a default 
by the Issuer for any purpose, and the holders shall have no right thereto, whether in the case of 
bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer or otherwise. Any such cancellation of distributions imposes 
no restrictions on the Issuer. 
In the absence of any notice of cancellation referred to above being given, the fact of non-payment 
(in whole or in part) of the relevant distributions payment on the Notes on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date shall be evidence of the Issuer having elected or being required to cancel such 
distributions payment in whole or in part, as applicable. 
6. 
MATURITY AND REDEMPTION   
6.1 
Term of the Notes  
The term of the MTNs and Covered Bonds is at least one (1) year from the Issue Date.  
The term of the Tier 2 Notes is at least five (5) years from the Issue Date.  
The AT1 Notes are perpetual notes, which will not have any scheduled maturity date. 
The principal of the MTNs and Covered Bonds is to be repaid on the Maturity Date as defined in the 
Final Terms or on, in case of the Covered Bonds, the Extended Maturity Date if an Extended Maturity 
Date has been specified in the applicable Final Terms and the maturity of the Covered Bonds has been 
extended in accordance with Condition 6.8. The principal of the notes is to be repaid in instalments if 
so defined in the Final Terms. The business day convention defined in Final Terms is applicable to the 
Maturity Date and the Extended Maturity Date. The redemption amount is the nominal amount of the 
principal. 
6.2 
Redemption at maturity 
Each Note, other than AT1 Notes, will be redeemed by the Issuer on the maturity date (the Maturity 
Date) (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
redemption amount shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms may 
specify that the redemption amount shall be paid in instalments, in which case the final instalment 
shall be paid on the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date). 
Payment of the redemption amount will be made in accordance with Finnish or Swedish legislation, 
as applicable, governing the book-entry system, clearing operations and book-entry accounts as well 
as the Euroclear Rules, to the Noteholder that is entitled to receive such payment according to the 
book-entry account information. 
6.3 
Redemption of the MTNs and Covered Bonds for tax reasons  
The Notes issued as MTNs or Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a floating interest rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a floating interest rate Note) at their nominal amount or a higher amount (the 
Early Redemption Amount), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, having given not less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16, if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 17 as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
defined in Condition 17) or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts in relation to a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due. 
6.4 
Redemption of the MTNs, Covered Bonds and Tier 2 Notes at the option of the Issuer 
If redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) is specified as applying to a Series of Notes 
issued as MTNs, Covered Bonds or Tier 2 Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than 30 days’ nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14, redeem all or some only of the then outstanding Notes on the First Call Date (as defined 
in the Final Terms) or, if specified in the Final Terms, on any subsequent Interest Payment Date 
thereafter. The early redemption amount shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms and shall be 
paid together with, if applicable, interest accrued to (but excluding) the First Call Date (as defined in 
the Final Terms) or, if specified in the Final Terms, on any subsequent Interest Payment Date 
thereafter. 
Tier 2 Notes may only be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.4 subject to the Conditions to 
Redemption set out in Condition 6.10 (Conditions to Redemption and Purchases).  
Payment of the early redemption amount will be made in accordance with Finnish or Swedish 
legislation, as applicable, governing the book-entry system, clearing operations and book-entry 
accounts as well as the Euroclear Rules, to the Noteholder that is entitled to receive such payment 
according to the book-entry account information.  
No interest shall accrue on the nominal amount of the redeemed portion of the Notes after the Early 
Redemption Date. 
6.5 
Early Redemption of the Tier 2 Notes for Withholding Tax Event 
Subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6.10 (Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchases), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 17 as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 17) or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the Issue Date (a Withholding Tax Event); and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16, redeem all (but not some only) of the Tier 2 Notes at their Outstanding 
Principal Amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
6.6 
Early Redemption of the Tier 2 Notes for Tax Event 
Subject to the Conditions to redemption set out in Condition 6.10 (Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchases), upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less 
than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 redeem all (but not some 
only) of the Tier 2 Notes at their Outstanding Principal Amount, together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption.  
6.7 
Early Redemption of the Tier 2 Notes as a result of a Capital Event 
Subject to the Conditions to redemption set out in Condition 6.10 (Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchases), upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer may, at its option, having given not 
less than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, redeem all (but not some 
only) of the Tier 2 Notes at their Outstanding Principal Amount, together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption.  
6.8 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds 
An Extended Maturity Date may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and may be up to one (1) year from the Maturity Date. 
If “Extended Maturity” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer does not 
redeem all of the Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within two (2) Business Days 
thereafter, the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered Bonds will be due 
and repayable for the purposes of the Conditions will be automatically extended up to but no later than 
the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. In that event, 
the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date or as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall give notice to the Issuer Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 6) 
of (a) any decision to so extend the maturity of the Covered Bonds, in whole or in part, as soon as 
practicable after any such decision is made and (b) its intention to redeem all or any of the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in full at least three (3) Business Days prior to (i) the 
Maturity Date, where practicable for the Issuer to do so and otherwise as soon as practicable after the 
relevant decision to redeem the Covered Bonds (if any) is made or, as applicable (ii) the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or, as applicable (iii) the Extended Maturity Date.  
Any failure by the Issuer to so notify the Noteholders shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of 
any such extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds or, as applicable, redemption by the Issuer 
on the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the 
Extended Maturity Date or give rise to any Noteholder having any rights in respect of any such 
redemption but such failure may result in a delay in payment being received by a Noteholder through 
Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, (including on the Maturity Date where at least 
three (3) Business Days' notice of such redemption is not given to the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 16)) and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect 
of such delay.  
In the case of Covered Bonds which are zero coupon notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date 
and for which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes 
of this Condition 6.8, the nominal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in 
accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.8 shall be irrevocable. 
Where this Condition 6.8 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or 
any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.8 shall not constitute an 
event of default for any purpose or give any Noteholder any right to receive any payment of interest, 
principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in the Conditions. 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.8 interest 
rates and Interest Payment Dates on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be 
applied rateably across the Covered Bonds and the nominal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds 
shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
If the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
this Condition 6.8, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, for so long as any of 
the Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless 
the proceeds of issue of such further Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming 
in whole or in part the relevant Covered Bonds the maturity of which has been extended in accordance 
with this Condition 6.8. 
This Condition 6.8 shall only apply to Covered Bonds for which “Extended Maturity” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Covered Bonds in full 
on the Maturity Date (or within two (2) Business Days thereafter).   
6.9 
Purchases  
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time (save for Tier 2 Notes which can be 
purchased only subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6.10 (Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchases)) purchase the MTNs, the Covered Bonds and/or the Tier 2 Notes at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. The MTNs, the Covered Bonds and/or the Tier 2 Notes may be 
held, reissued, resold or cancelled at the Issuer’s discretion.  
6.10 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchases 
Other than a redemption of Tier 2 Notes at maturity in accordance with Condition 6.2 (Redemption at 
maturity), the Issuer may redeem or purchase (and give notice thereof to the Noteholders) any Tier 2 
Notes only if such redemption or repurchase is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
and it has been granted the permission of the Competent Authority, in each such case, if such 
permission is then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations, and in addition:  
(a) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer 
replaces the Tier 2 Notes with own funds instruments of an equal or higher quality on terms 
that are sustainable for its income capacity; or  
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority, as the case may 
be, that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements under the Applicable Banking Regulations by a 
margin that the Competent Authority, considers necessary; and 
(c) 
in the case of redemption or repurchase before five years after the issue date of the Tier 2 
Notes:

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(i) only the conditions listed in paragraphs (a) or (b) above are met; and  
(ii) in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent 
Authority considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Capital Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Tier 2 Notes; or  
(iii) in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax 
Event, the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that such 
Tax Event or Withholding Tax Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the time of issuance of the Tier 2 Notes; or  
(iv) before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Tier 
2 Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for its income capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis 
of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or  
(v) the Tier 2 Notes are repurchased for market making purposes,  
(the “Conditions to Redemption”). 
The Issuer shall not give a notice of redemption in relation to the Tier 2 Notes if a Trigger Event has 
occurred in relation to Tier 2 Notes. If the Issuer has given a notice of redemption and, after giving 
such notice but prior to the relevant redemption date, a Trigger Event has occurred in relation to the 
Tier 2 Notes, the relevant redemption notice shall be automatically revoked and be null and void and 
the corresponding redemption shall not be made.  
Any refusal by the Competent Authority to grant its approval as described above will not constitute 
an event of default under the terms and conditions of any Notes. 
 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE OF THE AT1 NOTES 
7.1 
Perpetual notes 
The AT1 Notes are securities which are not redeemable at the option of the Noteholders and have no 
fixed redemption date, and the Issuer shall have the right to call, redeem, repay or repurchase them 
only in accordance with and subject to the conditions set out in Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR being 
met and not before five years from issuance except where the conditions set out in Article 78(4) of the 
CRR are met or, in the case of repurchases for market making purposes, where the conditions set out 
in Article 29 of the CDR are met and in particular with respect to the predetermined amount defined 
by the Competent Authority as per Article 29(3)(b) of the CDR (see Condition 7.2 for the conditions 
for Redemption, Issuer’s Call Option, Redemption Due to Taxation and Redemption for Regulatory 
Purposes below). 
The AT1 Notes shall become immediately due and payable only in the event of liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, subject to the conditions on the status of the AT1 Notes as described in 
Condition 3.4.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
7.2 
Conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase 
Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of the Notes in accordance with the Conditions 7.2.1–
7.2.3 related to the Issuer’s Call Option, Redemption Due to Taxation or Redemption for Regulatory 
Purposes below is subject to both of the following: 
(i) the Issuer obtaining the prior permission of the Competent Authority in accordance with Article 78 
of the CRR where either: 
1. the Issuer has replaced the AT1 Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer earlier than or at the same time as 
the call redemption, repayment or repurchase; or 
2. the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the own funds of 
the Issuer would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements laid down in Article 92(1) of the CRR and the combined buffer requirement as 
defined in the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014) (as 
amended) transposing point (6) of Article 128 of the CRD IV Directive by a margin that the 
Competent Authority considers necessary on the basis of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions 
transposing Article 104(3) of the CRD IV Directive; 
(ii) in addition to (i), in respect of a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, if and 
to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR: 
1. in the case of redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the AT1 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, or  
2. in the case of redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to 
the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the 
Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Competent Authority to grant a permission in accordance 
with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
The Issuer shall not give a notice of redemption if a Trigger Event has occurred. 
If the Issuer has given a notice of redemption and, after giving such notice but prior to the relevant 
redemption date, a Trigger Event has occurred, the relevant redemption notice shall be automatically 
revoked and be null and void and the corresponding redemption shall not be made. 
7.2.1 
Issuer’s Call Option 
Subject to the Condition for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer may elect, in its sole 
discretion, to redeem all, but not some only (Early Redemption Amount), of the AT1 Notes on the 
First Call Date (as defined in the Final Terms) or on any subsequent Interest Payment Date thereafter 
at their Redemption Price. 
7.2.2 
Redemption Due to Taxation 
In case of a Tax Event the Issuer may, subject to the Conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase above, at any time redeem, some or all (Early Redemption Amount), of the AT1 Notes at 
their Redemption Price on the relevant date fixed for redemption

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
7.2.3 
Redemption for Regulatory Purposes 
In case of a Capital Event the Issuer may, subject to the Conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase above, at any time redeem all, but not some only (Early Redemption Amount), of the AT1 
Notes at their Redemption Price on the relevant date fixed for redemption. 
8. 
SUBSCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
8.1 
Method of subscription and payment 
Each Series of Notes is offered for subscription at the subscription places during the subscription 
period, each specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may shorten or lengthen the 
subscription period. 
The subscription amount equals the nominal amount of the Notes being subscribed for multiplied by 
the issue price, each specified in the applicable Final Terms. When subscription takes place after the 
Issue Date, accrued interest (if any) for the subscribed Notes in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms for the period between the Issue Date and date when payment in respect of the Notes subscribed 
for is effected, must also be paid. 
When subscription takes place on a day other than an Interest Payment Date, but following the first 
Interest Payment Date, accrued interest (if any) for the subscribed Notes in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms for the period between the commencement of the current Interest Period and 
date when payment in respect of the Notes subscribed for is effected, must also be paid. 
Payment in respect of Notes subscribed for shall be effected as instructed in connection with the 
subscription or at the time of the subscription, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall accept the subscriptions and may, at its sole discretion, reject a subscription in part or 
in whole. Approved subscriptions are confirmed after the relevant subscription period has ended.  
The Issuer will not charge the subscriber for costs relating to the issue or offering of the Notes. The 
Dealer(s) and potential other subscription places may charge such costs pursuant to the agreement 
between the relevant subscriber and Dealer or potential other subscription place. Such costs (if any) 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Oversubscription and undersubscription 
In the event of oversubscription or undersubscription, as applicable, in relation to a Series of Notes, 
the Issuer is entitled to increase or decrease the nominal amount of the relevant Series of Notes during 
the subscription period, discontinue the subscription or cancel the issue of such Series of Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms may specify that the issue of a certain Series of Notes requires a specified 
minimum amount of subscriptions or fulfilment of other conditions. 
If the issue is cancelled or the subscriptions are decreased due to oversubscription, the Issuer shall 
refund the price paid to the account notified by the relevant subscriber within five (5) Business Days 
from the date of the decision concerning the cancellation or decrease. 
8.3 
Issue price 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is fixed or floating, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the issue price is floating, the Issuer will determine the issue price on a daily basis throughout 
the subscription period subject to a maximum issue price specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
8.4 
Cancellation of subscription and interruption of the subscription period in certain 
circumstances 
If the Issuer, during the subscription period of the Notes, or before the Notes have been admitted for 
public trading, supplements the Base Prospectus due to an error or deficiency contained therein or due 
to material new information arising after the approval of the Base Prospectus or publishes an updated 
Base Prospectus during the above-mentioned period, a subscriber, who has made a subscription before 
the publication of the supplement or the updated Base Prospectus, is entitled to cancel the subscription 
within three (3) Business Days from the publication of the supplement or updated Base Prospectus. 
However, the cancellation right only exists if the error, deficiency or material new information arose 
or was noted before the delivery of the Notes to the subscribers in accordance with Condition 9.  
The supplemented or updated Base Prospectus and information on the time limit and procedure for 
cancellation will be available at the subscription places specified in the applicable Final Terms and on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/financial-information/debt-
programme. 
The Issuer is entitled to interrupt a subscription period immediately if the Base Prospectus needs to be 
supplemented. Such discontinuance will be announced at the subscription places and on the Issuer’s 
website at https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/financial-information/debt-programme. 
9. 
DELIVERY OF NOTES 
Notes subscribed and paid for shall be entered to the respective book-entry accounts of the subscribers 
on a date set out in the applicable Final Terms in accordance with Finnish or Swedish legislation, as 
applicable, governing the book-entry system, clearing operations and book-entry accounts as well as 
the Euroclear Rules.  
Each Note is freely transferable after it has been registered into the respective book-entry account. 
10. 
FORCE MAJEURE 
The Issuer, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, any Dealer, subscription place 
or account operator shall not be responsible for any loss arising from: 
(a) an act of an authority, war or threat of war, revolt, civil disturbance, or any act of terror; 
(b) disturbance in postal or telephone traffic, electronic communication, or supply of electricity that 
is beyond the control of, and that has an essential impact on, the operations of the Issuer, the 
Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, any Dealer, subscription place or account 
operator; 
(c) interruption or delay of action or measure of the Issuer, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, any Dealer, subscription place or account operator that is caused by fire or 
equivalent accident; 
(d) strike or other industrial action which has an essential impact to the operations of the Issuer, the 
Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, any Dealer, subscription place or account 
operator, even when it only affects part of the personnel of the aforementioned entities and 
irrespective of whether the aforementioned entities are involved in it or not; 
(e) an act of God (such as, but not limited to, fires, explosions, earthquakes, drought, tidal waves and 
floods); or

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
(f) other equivalent force majeure or any similar reason that causes unreasonable difficulty for the 
operations of the Issuer, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, any Dealer, 
subscription place or account operator. 
11. 
ENFORCEMENT EVENTS 
In the event that: 
(i) the Issuer shall in respect of any Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes, default for a period of 7 days in 
the payment of any amount that has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions; or 
(ii) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation (Fi. selvitystila) of the 
Issuer (except for the purpose of a merger, reconstruction or amalgamation under which any 
continuing entity effectively assumes the entire obligations of the Issuer under the Securities) 
or the Issuer is otherwise declared bankrupt (Fi. konkurssi) or put into liquidation (Fi. 
selvitystila), in each case, by a court or agency or supervisory authority in Finland or elsewhere 
having jurisdiction in respect of the same,  
then the Noteholder may, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 
(a) (in the case of (i) above) institute proceedings for the Issuer to be declared bankrupt (Fi. 
konkurssi) or put into liquidation (Fi. selvitystila) in each case, in Finland and not elsewhere, 
and prove or claim in the bankruptcy (Fi. konkurssi) or liquidation (Fi. selvitystila) of the 
Issuer; and/or  
(b) (in the case of (ii) above) prove or claim in the bankruptcy (Fi. konkurssi) or liquidation (Fi. 
selvitystila) of the Issuer, whether in the Republic of Finland or elsewhere and instituted by 
the Issuer itself or by a third party,  
but (in either case) the Noteholder may claim payment in respect of the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes 
only in the bankruptcy (Fi. konkurssi) or liquidation (Fi. selvitystila) of the Issuer.  For the avoidance 
of doubt, a Noteholder may not claim payment in respect of the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes in the 
resolution or moratorium under the national laws implementing BRRD. 
In any of the events or circumstances described in (ii) above, the holder of the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 
Notes may, by notice to the Issuer, declare such the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes to be due and payable, 
and such the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes shall accordingly become due and payable at its prevailing 
outstanding amount, but subject to such Noteholder only being able to claim payment in respect of the 
Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes in the bankruptcy (Fi. konkurssi) or liquidation (Fi. selvitystila) of the 
Issuer and provided that where any such event occurs after the date on which a Trigger Event occurs 
but before the relevant Write-Down Date, the holder of any such Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes may only 
declare such Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes to be due and payable to the extent of its prevailing outstanding 
amount (if any) as reduced by the relevant Write-Down Amount in respect of such Trigger Event. 
The holder of any Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes may at its discretion institute such proceedings against 
the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on 
the Issuer under the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes (other than, without prejudice to the above, any 
obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes) 
provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay 
any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, except with the prior 
approval of the Competent Authority. 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided above shall be available to the holders of the Tier 
2 Notes or AT1 Notes, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Tier 2 Notes or

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
AT1 Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations or undertakings with 
respect to the Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to pay any amount 
that has become due and payable in respect of Tier 2 Notes or AT1 Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions shall not constitute an event of default. 
12. 
PRESCRIPTION 
In case any payment which has fallen due under the MTNs, Covered Bonds, Tier 2 Notes or AT1 
Notes has not been claimed by the relevant Noteholder entitled to such payment within three (3) years 
from the original due date thereof, the right to such payment shall become forfeited by the relevant 
Noteholder and the Issuer shall be permanently free from such payment.  
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT RELATING TO MTNS 
This Condition 13 only applies to Notes which are specified as MTNs in the applicable Final Terms. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing 
with respect to any Note any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer, effective upon the date 
of receipt thereof, declare any Note held by it to be due and payable at the earliest on the tenth (10th) 
day from the date such notice was presented, provided that an Event of Default is continuing on the 
date of receipt of the notice and on the early maturity date specified in such notice. An Event of Default 
is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived. 
(g) Non-payment: Any amount of principal or interest due in respect of Notes has not been paid 
within seven (7) Business Days from the relevant due date, unless the failure to pay is caused by 
administrative or technical error.  
(h) Breach of other obligations: The Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under the Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no 
such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for 
the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring 
the same to be remedied.  
(i) Cross default: (i) Any Indebtedness of the Issuer is declared due or repayable prematurely by 
reason of an event of default (howsoever described); (ii) the Issuer fails to make any payment in 
respect of Indebtedness on the relevant due date, as extended by any originally applicable grace 
period; (iii) any security given by the Issuer in respect of Indebtedness becomes enforceable; (iv) 
the Issuer defaults in making any payment on the relevant due date, as extended by any originally 
applicable grace period, under any guarantee in relation to Indebtedness.  
No Event of Default will occur under this sub-condition (c) if the aggregate amount of such 
Indebtedness or other liability is less than EUR 10,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.  
A Noteholder shall not be entitled to demand repayment under this sub-condition (c) if the Issuer 
has bona fide disputed the existence of the occurrence of an Event of Default under this sub-
condition (c) in the relevant court or in arbitration as long as such dispute has not been finally 
and adversely adjudicated against the Issuer. 
(j) Cessation of business: The Issuer ceases to carry on its current business in its entirety. 
(k) Winding-up: An order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer. 
(l) Insolvency: (i) The Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; (ii) the 
Issuer makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
creditors; or (iii) an application is filed for it being subject to bankruptcy or re-organisation 
proceedings, or for the appointment of an administrator or liquidator of any of the Issuer’s assets 
and such application is not discharged within 45 days. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, Indebtedness means indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan 
stock or other securities or any borrowed money or any liability under or in respect of any acceptance 
or acceptance credit of the Issuer. 
14. 
LOSS ABSORPTION MECHANISM OF TIER 2 NOTES 
14.1 
Definitions for the purposes of this clause 
Outstanding Principal Amount means the principal amount of the Tier 2 Notes as issued on the Issue 
Date and as reduced by any Write-Down Amount;  
Write-Down means the permanent write-down of the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Tier 2 
Note by writing down the Outstanding Principal Amount by the Write-Down Amount in accordance 
with the Write-Down Procedure and “Written Down” shall be construed accordingly.  
 
Write-Down Amount means the amount by which the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Tier 2 
Note is to be Written Down on the Write-Down Date, which amount shall be 50 per cent. of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount. 
 
Write-Down Date means the date on which the Write-Down shall take place, or has taken place, as 
applicable.  
Write-Down Notice means the notice to be delivered by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 specifying (i) that a Trigger Event has occurred and (ii) the Write-Down Date or 
the expected Write-Down Date. 
Write-Down Procedure means the procedures set out in Condition 14.3.  
a Trigger Event shall occur if the Issuer’s or the Group’s CET1 Ratio falls below 7 per cent. Whether 
a Trigger Event has occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer, the Competent Authority 
or any agent appointed for such purpose by the Competent Authority and such calculation shall be 
binding on the Noteholders. 
Loss Absorbing Instrument means at any time any Tier 2 Instrument (other than the Tier 2 Notes) 
of the Issuer which may have all or some of its principal amount written-down on the occurrence or 
as a result of a Trigger Event. 
Original Principal Amount means the principal amount (which, for these purposes, is equal to the 
nominal amount) of the Tier 2 Notes at the Issue Date without having regard to any subsequent Write-
Down. 
14.2 
Permanent Write-Down upon a Trigger Event 
When Trigger Event has occurred at any time, the Issuer shall write down the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of each Tier 2 Note with the Write-Down Amount on the Write-Down Date in accordance 
with the Write-Down Procedure. Under no circumstances shall such Written Down Outstanding 
Principal Amount be reinstated. The Write-Down shall occur without delay (and within one month or 
such shorter period as the Competent Authority may require at the latest) upon the occurrence of a 
Trigger Event.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Issuer shall immediately inform the Competent Authority 
and shall deliver to the Noteholders notice in accordance with Condition 16 specifying (i) that a 
Trigger Event has occurred and (ii) the Write-Down Date or expected Write-Down Date. Failure to 
provide such notice will not have any impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any such 
Write-Down, or give Noteholders any rights as a result of such failure.  
Following a Write-Down, no Noteholder will have any rights against the Issuer with respect to the 
repayment of any principal amount to the extent so Written Down or the payment of interest on any 
principal amount that has been so Written Down or any other amount on or in respect of any principal 
amount that has been so Written Down.  
To the extent that the Write-Down or conversion of any Loss Absorbing Instruments is not effective 
for any reason the ineffectiveness of any such write-down or conversion shall not prejudice the 
requirement to effect a Write-Down of the Tier 2 Notes. 
A Write-Down of the Tier 2 Notes shall not constitute an event of default or a breach of the Issuer’s 
obligations or duties or a failure to perform by the Issuer in any manner whatsoever and shall not, of 
itself, entitle the Noteholder to petition for the insolvency or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise.  
 
No Write-Down of the Tier 2 Notes shall occur prior to all AT1 Instruments (including the AT1 Notes) 
of the Issuer have been Written-Down. 
14.3 
Write-Down Procedure 
Write-Down Notice 
If a Trigger Event has occurred at any time, the Issuer shall deliver a Write-Down Notice to the 
Noteholders, as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event not more than five (5) Business Days 
after such determination.  
The Write-Down Notice shall be sufficient evidence of the occurrence of such Trigger Event and will 
be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.  
Write-Down  
On the Write-Down Date, the Issuer shall write down an aggregate principal amount of each Tier 2 
Note equivalent to the Write-Down Amount of each Tier 2 Note by writing down the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of each Tier 2 Note by the Write-Down Amount. The Tier 2 Note may only be 
subject to one (1) Write-Down.   
15. 
LOSS ABSORPTION MECHANISM OF AT1 NOTES 
15.1 
Definitions for the purposes of this clause 
Trigger Event means at any time that the CET1 Ratio of the Issuer or the Group is below 7.125 per 
cent. Whether a Trigger Event has occurred at any time shall be determined by the Issuer, the 
Competent Authority or any agent appointed for such purpose by the Competent Authority and such 
calculation shall be binding on the Noteholders. 
Write-Down  means a reduction of the Current Principal Amount of each Note to zero on a permanent 
basis with no possibility of reinstatement (in whole or in part) of the Original Principal Amount or the 
then Current Principal Amount of the AT1 Notes at any time and the written down shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Original Principal Amount means, the principal amount (which, for these purposes, is equal to the 
nominal amount) of the Notes at the relevant Issue Date. 
Current Principal Amount means (i) with respect to the AT1 Notes or an AT1 Note (as the context 
requires), the principal amount thereof calculated on the basis of the original principal amount, as such 
amount may be reduced on one or more occasions pursuant to the application of the loss absorption 
mechanism pursuant to conditions in ‘Consequences of a Trigger Event’ respectively; or (ii) with 
respect to any other Loss Absorbing Instrument, the principal amount thereof (or amount analogous 
to a principal amount) calculated on a basis analogous to the calculation of the Current Principal 
Amount of the AT1 Notes. 
Redemption Price means, in respect of each AT1 Note, the then Current Principal Amount thereof 
together with any accrued but unpaid distributions on the AT1 Notes (if any). 
Loss Absorbing Instrument means at any time any AT1 Instrument (other than the Notes) of the 
Issuer which may have its principal amount written-down on the occurrence or as a result of the Issuer 
or the Group CET1 Ratio failing below a certain trigger level. 
15.2 
Consequences of a Trigger Event 
If a Trigger Event occurs at any time, all of the following shall apply: 
(i) The Issuer shall immediately inform the Competent Authority of the occurrence of the Trigger 
Event;  
(ii) The Issuer shall notify the holders of the AT1 Notes, in an irrevocable manner, that the Trigger 
Event has occurred (“Trigger Event Notice”); 
(iii) The Issuer shall without delay irrevocably and mandatorily operate a Write-Down of the AT1 
Notes. 
The Write-Down of the AT1 Notes shall occur without delay and in any event not later than one month 
(or such shorter period as the Competent Authority may then require) from the occurrence of the 
relevant Trigger Event (such date being a “Write-Down Date”). 
To the extent that the Write-Down or conversion of any Loss Absorbing Instruments is not effective 
for any reason the ineffectiveness of any such write-down or conversion shall not prejudice the 
requirement to affect a Write-Down of the AT1 Notes. 
Any Write-Down of the Notes shall not constitute an event of default or a breach of the Issuer’s 
obligations or duties or a failure to perform by the Issuer in any manner whatsoever and shall not 
entitle holders to petition for the insolvency or dissolution of the Issuer. 
Any failure or delay by the Issuer to comply with its notification obligation under (ii) above shall not 
prejudice a Write-Down of the AT1 Notes. 
16. 
NOTICES AND RIGHT TO INFORMATION 
Noteholders shall be advised of matters relating to the Notes by a stock-exchange release, a notice 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/financial-
information/debt-programme or a notice published in Helsingin Sanomat or any other major Finnish 
national daily newspaper selected by the Issuer. The Issuer may and shall, if required by the Euroclear 
Rules or applicable laws, also deliver notices relating to the Notes in writing directly to the 
Noteholders at the address appearing on the list of the Noteholders provided by Euroclear Finland or 
Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, in accordance with the below paragraph (or through Euroclear

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Finland’s or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, book-entry system or account operators of the relevant 
book-entry system).  
Any notice relating to the Notes shall be deemed to have been received by the Noteholders when 
published or delivered in accordance with this Condition 16. 
Notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, the Issuer shall, subject to the Euroclear Rules and applicable 
laws, be entitled to obtain information of the Noteholders from Euroclear Finland or Euroclear 
Sweden, as applicable, and Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, shall be entitled to 
provide such information to the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, subject to the Euroclear Rules 
and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, 
a list of Noteholders, provided that it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland or Euroclear 
Sweden, as applicable, to maintain such a list. The Issuer shall at the request of the Issuer Agent pass 
on such information to the Issuer Agent. 
The address for notices to the Issuer is: 
 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Nygatan 2 
PB 3 
AX-22101 Mariehamn, Åland, Finland 
17. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Notes (however, in relation to Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes, any 
payments of interest only) by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law.  
In such event, and in relation to Tier 2 Notes and AT1 Notes, any payment of interest only, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note: 
(a) presented for payment in Finland;  
(b) the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note by reason of his 
having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
(c) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such 30th day assuming that day to have been a Business 
Day. 
In respect of the AT1 Notes, no such additional amounts shall be payable to the extent that such 
additional payments would exceed the Distributable Items. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax; and

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. 
18. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND PROCEDURE IN WRITING 
 
The Issuer may convene a meeting of Noteholders (Noteholders’ Meeting) or request a procedure in 
writing among the Noteholders (Procedure in Writing) to decide on amendments of the Conditions or 
other matters as specified below. Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, must be 
notified of the Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Euroclear Rules and applicable laws.  Any modification or waiver of the Conditions which affects 
AT1 Notes or Tier 2 Notes may only be effected in accordance with CRR and other Applicable 
Banking Regulations and with the prior notifications to and consultation with the Competent 
Authority. 
Notice of a Noteholders’ Meeting and the initiation of a Procedure in Writing shall be provided to the 
Issuer Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 at least ten (10) Business Days 
prior to the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day for replies in the Procedure in Writing, and shall 
include information on the date, place and agenda of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day and 
address for replies in the Procedure in Writing (or if the voting is to be made electronically, instructions 
for such voting) as well as instructions as to any action required on the part of a Noteholder to attend 
the Noteholders’ Meeting or to participate in the Procedure in Writing. No matters other than those 
referred to in the notice of the Noteholders’ Meeting or initiation of the Procedure in Writing may be 
resolved upon at the Noteholders’ Meeting or the Procedure in Writing. 
Only those who, according to the register kept by Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as 
applicable, in accordance with the Euroclear Rules and applicable laws, in respect of the Notes, were 
registered as Noteholders on the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last 
day for replies in the Procedure in Writing on the list of Noteholders to be provided by Euroclear 
Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable,  in accordance with Condition 16, or proxies authorised 
by such Noteholders, shall, if holding any of the nominal amount of the relevant Series of Notes at the 
time of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day for replies in the Procedure in Writing, be entitled to 
vote at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing and shall be recorded in the list of the 
Noteholders present at the Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Procedure in Writing.  
The Noteholders’ Meeting must be held in Helsinki and the chairman of the meeting shall be appointed 
by the Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing shall constitute a quorum only if two (2) or more 
Noteholders present hold or represent at least 50 per cent. or one (1) Noteholder holding one hundred 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding attends the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or provides replies in the Procedure in Writing. 
If, within 30 minutes after the time specified for the start of a Noteholders’ Meeting, a quorum is not 
present, any consideration of the matters to be dealt with at the meeting may, at the request of the 
Issuer, be adjourned for consideration at a meeting to be convened on a date no earlier than 14 calendar 
days and no later than 28 calendar days after the original meeting, at a place to be determined by the 
Issuer. Correspondingly, if by the last day for replies in the Procedure in Writing a quorum is not 
constituted, the time for replies may be extended as determined by the Issuer.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
The quorum for an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting or extended Procedure in Writing will be at least 
25 per cent. of the nominal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Notice of an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting or in relation to a Procedure in Writing, information 
regarding the extended time for replies, shall be given in the same manner as notice of the original 
Noteholders’ Meeting or the Procedure in Writing. The notice shall also state the requirements for the 
constitution of a quorum. 
Voting rights of Noteholders shall be determined according to the nominal amount of the Notes held. 
The Issuer and any Group companies shall not hold voting rights at any Noteholders’ Meeting or 
Procedure in Writing.  
Resolutions shall be carried by a majority of more than 50 per cent. of the votes cast. A representative 
of the Issuer and a person authorised to act for the Issuer may attend and speak at a Noteholders’ 
Meeting. 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing is entitled to make the following decisions that are 
binding upon all Noteholders: 
(i) change the Final Terms, including approval of any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, 
abrogation, variation or compromise of the Final Terms or any arrangement in respect of the 
obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes;  
(ii) waive any breach or consent to any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations under or 
in respect of the Notes; 
 
provided, however, that consent of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
relevant Series of Notes outstanding is required to: 
(a) change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes; 
(b) decrease the nominal amount of, or interest payable on, a Series of Notes; 
(c) extend the term of Notes; 
(d) alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for 
any such payments; 
(e) change the currency of any payment under the Notes; 
(f) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of the holder of any Notes of any payment 
thereunder; 
(g) amend the requirements for the constitution of a quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting or Procedure 
in Writing; or 
(h) amend the majority requirements of the Noteholders’ Meeting or Procedure in Writing. 
The consents can be given at a Noteholders’ Meeting, in the Procedure in Writing or by other verifiable 
means in writing.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
When consent from the Noteholders representing the requisite majority has been received in the 
Procedure in Writing, the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted even if the time period for 
replies in the Procedure in Writing has not yet expired, provided that the Noteholders representing 
such requisite majority are registered as Noteholders on the list of Noteholders provided by Euroclear 
Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, in accordance with Condition 16 on the date when such 
requisite majority is reached. 
The Noteholders’ Meeting and the Procedure in Writing can authorise a named person to take 
necessary action to enforce the decisions of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the Procedure in Writing. 
Resolutions passed at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing shall be binding on all 
Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes irrespective of whether they have been present at the 
Noteholders Meeting or participated in the Procedure in Writing. A Noteholder is considered to have 
become aware of a resolution of a Noteholders’ Meeting and a Procedure in Writing when, with respect 
to Notes registered with Euroclear Finland, a decision has been recorded in the issue account (Fi. 
liikkeeseenlaskutili) of the relevant Notes and, with respect to Notes registered with Euroclear Sweden, 
when received by the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. In addition, Noteholders are 
obligated to inform subsequent transferees of Notes of resolutions made at a Noteholders’ Meeting 
and in a Procedure in Writing. A Noteholders’ Meeting’s resolutions must also be notified to the Issuer 
Agent as well as Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, in accordance with the 
Euroclear Rules and applicable laws.  
Any resolution at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in a Procedure in Writing, which extends or increases the 
obligations of the Issuer, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer, shall be 
subject to the consent of the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the Issuer is entitled to, without the 
consent of the Noteholders to make appropriate changes to the Final Terms if such changes do not 
weaken the position of the Noteholders. Any such changes shall be binding upon the Noteholders. The 
Issuer shall notify the Noteholders of such changes in accordance with Condition 16 above. 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of, or notice to, the Noteholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (or the same in all respects save for 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, the issue price, the minimum subscription 
amount and the date from which interest starts to accrue) and so that the same may be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, are and shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Finnish law, except for the registration of Notes in 
Euroclear Sweden, which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
Any disputes relating to the Notes shall be settled in the first instance at the District Court of Helsinki 
(Fi. Helsingin käräjäoikeus).

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
If the claimant is a consumer, such claimant may take legal action in a district court of the claimant’s 
place of residence.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds from such 
issue of the Notes in whole or in part to finance or refinance Green Assets. Such Notes may also be referred 
to as Green Bonds. The criteria for the Green Assets to be financed or refinanced will be described in the 
Ålandsbanken´s Green Finance Framework from time to time, to be made available prior to the issue of Green 
Bonds. Ålandsbanken´s Green Finance Framework will be available on https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-
us/debt-investors. Pending the allocation or reallocation, as the case may be, of the net proceeds of the Notes 
to Green Assets, the Issuer will invest the balance of the net proceeds, at its own discretion, in cash and/or cash 
equivalent and/or other liquid marketable instruments. The Issuer will use its best efforts to substitute any 
redeemed loans, any other form of financing that is no longer financed or refinanced by the net proceeds, 
and/or any such loans or any other form of financing which cease to be Green Assets, as soon as practicable 
once an appropriate substitution option has been identified. The Issuer will monitor the use of the net proceeds 
of the Notes via its internal information systems. 
For the avoidance of doubt, payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made from general 
funds of the Issuer and will not be directly or indirectly linked to the performance of the Green Assets. 
“Green Assets" means any existing, ongoing and/or future loans or any other form of financing from Eligible 
Sectors selected by the Issuer, which meet the Eligibility Criteria, all in accordance with the Ålandsbanken 
Green Finance Framework. 
“Eligible Sectors” means the following sectors (all as more fully described in the Ålandsbanken Green 
Finance Framework: 
• Renewable Energy 
• Energy Efficiency. 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria with which any loan or any other form of financing should comply, 
at any time, in order to be considered as an Green Asset (as such criteria may be amended, from time to time, 
by the Issuer, subject to external review by third parties, as the case may be, as per the Ålandsbanken Green 
Finance Framework). As part of the application of the Eligibility Criteria, the Issuer will assess the potential 
environmental, social and governance risks of the relevant assets, in line with its framework for managing such 
risks, including specific risk assessment tools. The selection of the Green Assets in accordance with the 
Eligibility Criteria will then be verified by external third parties, as per the Ålandsbanken Green Finance 
Framework. As long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer is expected to provide a report, at least annually, 
on (i) the Eligible Green Assets financed or refinanced by the net proceeds and their relevant environmental 
impact indicators, (ii) the allocation of the net proceeds of the Notes to Eligible Green Assets detailing the 
aggregate amount dedicated to each of the Eligible Sectors and (iii) the balance of unallocated cash and/or 
cash equivalent and/or other liquid marketable instruments still held by the Issuer, as further described in the  
Ålandsbanken Green Finance Framework. The report will be published by the Issuer on 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-investors/debt-programme. 
Pursuant to the Ålandsbanken Green Finance Framework, a second party opinion will be obtained from an 
appropriate second party opinion provider and the Issuer will mandate an appropriate external independent 
auditor to provide an assurance report. The opinion and assurance report will be available on 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-investors/debt-programme.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ÅLANDSBANKEN 
General information 
Ålandsbanken is a public limited liability company, registered in the Finnish Trade Register, with its registered 
office in Mariehamn in the autonomous Finnish Province of Åland and it operates under Finnish law. 
Ålandsbanken was incorporated on 3 December 1919 under the laws of Finland with registration number 
0145019-3. Its LEI number is 7437006WYM821IJ3MN73. Its registered address and phone number is as 
follows: 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Nygatan 2 
AX-22 100 Mariehamn 
Tel. +358 (0) 204 29 011 
 
The Issuer´s website is www.alandsbanken.fi. The information on the website does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. Any supplements to 
the Base Prospectus on the website are also part of the Base Prospectus.  
Ålandsbanken’s core markets are the Åland Islands, mainland Finland and Sweden. Ålandsbanken’s head 
office is located in Mariehamn on the Åland Islands. Ålandsbanken has two offices in the Åland Islands and 
six offices on the Finnish mainland, situated in Helsinki, Parainen, Tampere, Turku, Oulu and Vaasa. 
Ålandsbanken’s Swedish branch has three offices in Sweden situated in Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmö. 
As at 30 September 2022, Ålandsbanken had total assets of EUR 6,145 million, total equity of EUR 312 million 
and net operating profit of EUR 35.5 million (1 January – 30 September 2022). As at 31 December 2021, 
Ålandsbanken had total assets of EUR 6,635 million, total equity of EUR 332 million and net operating profit 
of EUR 49.2 million (1 January – 31 December 2021). As at 31 December 2020, Ålandsbanken had total assets 
of approximately EUR 6,035 million, total equity of EUR 292 million and net operating profit of EUR 39.7 
million (1 January – 31 December 2020). As at 31 December 2019, Ålandsbanken had total assets of EUR 
5,607 million, total equity of EUR 258 million and a net operating profit of EUR 33.2 million (1 January – 31 
December 2019). As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 855 employees (based on hours worked, 
recalculated to full-time equivalent positions). 
The Group has two subsidiaries whose operations are connected in various ways with banking. They are 
Ålandsbanken Fondbolag Ab and Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd.  
The focus of Ålandsbanken is on enhancing its role as a bank for investors while also seeking to offer good 
financing know-how and banking services. Its most important operational areas are Private Banking and 
Premium Banking. Ålandsbanken’s Private Banking service provides individuals and corporate customers 
with banking, financial and advisory services. Premium Banking, which is offered mainly to individuals, is a 
concept that combines banking, financial and advisory services with security and lifestyle related services. As 
a relationship bank, Ålandsbanken seeks to generate value for individual clients and their companies by 
building, deepening and maintaining long-term personal client relationships. 
For further information on the Group and the Group’s financial position, please refer to the Financial 
Statements and Capital and Risk Management Report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Strategy of Ålandsbanken 
 
Ålandsbanken is a well-diversified banking group with operations in Banking, Asset Management, IT and 
Partnership Banking in three geographical markets - the Åland Islands, mainland Finland and Sweden. 
Ålandsbanken is a bank for investors, with financing know-how. Ålandsbanken generates value for individuals 
and companies by delivering a large bank’s range of services with a smaller bank’s thoughtfulness and sense

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
of dedication. The aim is to be the self-evident bank for individuals with ambitions and companies that value 
relationships.  
On the Finnish mainland and in Sweden, Ålandsbanken has a growth strategy as a unique, personal bank 
targeted to entrepreneurs, wealthy families and individual customers with sound finances. Within its Private 
and Premium Banking concepts, it focuses on administering its clients’ financial investments profitably and 
on providing home financing solutions. In addition, Ålandsbanken offers asset management services to 
institutional investors.  
In its third market, the Åland Islands, Ålandsbanken’s strategy is to be the largest bank. As a major employer 
on the Åland Islands, Ålandsbanken has an important position in the society and a desire to participate in 
developing the future of the Åland Islands. 
For many years, Ålandsbanken has collaborated with other market players within the IT field via its subsidiary 
Crosskey Banking Solutions. In the world that is now emerging, we are seeing that Ålandsbanken has the 
ability and the potential to offer products and services to other market players within a substantially broader 
field than IT services alone. In fintech, today the Ålandsbanken is already a versatile and capable partner with 
the capacity to deliver solutions to companies in most financial service areas. Ålandsbanken is also the main 
service provider to the Swedish mortgage bank Borgo AB.  
Given our close connection to the small community of Åland, located among thousands of islands in the middle 
of the Baltic Sea, sustainability work has been a natural element of our core values for a long time. Together 
with our customers, we have created products and services that both increase awareness and support concrete 
sustainability projects. Sustainability issues are an integral part of our usual operational management, where 
the Board of Directors, the Executive Team and all our employees have their role. Each quarter we 
transparently report our greenhouse gas emissions according to Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP). 
Share capital and shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of Ålandsbanken was EUR 42,029,289.89. The number 
of Series A shares totals 6,476,138 (representing 129,522,760 votes) and the number of Series B shares totals 
9,088,990 (representing 9,088,990 votes).  
Each Series A share represents twenty votes and each Series B share one vote at the shareholders’ meetings. 
The Articles of Association stipulate that no representative at the annual general meeting may vote for more 
than one fortieth of the number of votes represented at the meeting. 
On 3 April 2019, the annual general meeting of shareholders authorised the Board of Directors of 
Ålandsbanken to issue shares and option rights. The authorisation is in force for five years from the resolution 
and a maximum of 3,000,000 Series B shares can be issued pursuant to the authorisation.  
 
As at 30 September 2022, there were eight shareholders in Ålandsbanken holding more than two (2) per cent. 
of the share capital or the votes, as shown in the table below. The list below also includes companies within 
each shareholder’s group as well as other companies controlled by each shareholder. Table presenting the eight 
biggest shareholders is amended by the following table: 
Shareholder 
Series A 
shares 
Series B 
shares 
Total 
% of shares 
% of votes 
1. Wiklöf Anders (and 
Wiklöf controlled 
companies) 
1,993,534 
1,332,961 
3,326,495 
21.32% 
29.72% 
2. Alandia Group 
(insurance group) 
754,908 
302,632 
1,057,540 
6.78% 
11.11%

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
3. Nominee registered 
shareholders in OP 
Corporate Bank  
1,542 
919,782 
921,234 
5.92%  
0.69% 
4. Fennogens 
Investments S.A. 
616,764 
165,467 
782,231 
5.01% 
9.02% 
5. Veritas Pension 
Insurance Company  
6.  Chilla Capital   
 
7. Lundqvist Ben Hugo    
 
8. Svenska 
Litteratursällskapet i 
Finland r.f. 
123,668 
 
277,500 
 
      251,574 
 
208,750 
 
 
265,754 
 
0 
 
0 
 
0 
389,422 
 
277,500 
 
251,574 
 
208 750 
2.50% 
 
1.78% 
 
1.61% 
 
1.34% 
1.98% 
 
4.00% 
 
                 3,63% 
 
                 3.01% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As far as Ålandsbanken is aware there are no arrangements that may result in a change of control of 
Ålandsbanken. 
Business activities  
Ålandsbanken is a full-service bank primarily targeting customers needing financial investment and wealth 
management services. Corporate banking services are only offered to customers in the Åland islands.   
Ålandsbanken Fondbolag Ab manages Ålandsbanken's investment funds. The range of funds is tailored to the 
investment needs of Ålandsbanken's customers. In addition to operating ordinary investment funds (UCITS), 
the fund company is also authorised to manage alternative investment funds (AIF). The fund company 
currently manages assets of approximately EUR 4 billion. 
 
Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd is offering a full range of IT services to financial service providers in 
Finland and Sweden, Ålandsbanken being its largest customer. The number of customers is growing in capital 
markets systems as well as in core banking solutions.  
Ålandsbanken has business partnerships with several financial technology (“fintech”) companies and a 
Swedish mortgage company and supplies services to companies operating in the financial services sector. The 
Bank is also a shareholder in a few of strategic partners, the main shareholdings being Borgo, Doconomy and 
Dreams. 
A significant proportion of the Group’s lending activities is comprised of lending to private individuals and 
households. As at 30 September 2022, the Group’s total lending was EUR 4,241 million, of which 75 per cent. 
constituted loans to private individuals or households. The Group’s total home loan lending as at 30 December 
2021 was EUR 2,832 million and as at 30 September 2022 was EUR 2,291 million, or 59 per cent. and 54 per 
cent. of total lending, respectively. As at 30 September 2022, the total lending in Sweden was EUR 1,352 
million, or 32 per cent. of the total lending of the Group.  
The 2021 Financial Statements include certain statistical information on the Group’s lending activities: 
• 
Loan Portfolio: for information in relation to the Group’s loan portfolio, please see Notes G16 
(Classification of financial assets and liabilities), G17. (Measurement of financial assets and liabilities 
carried at fair value), G18. (Assets and liabilities by currency), G19. (Holdings of debt securities), 
G20. (Lending to Credit Institutions) and G21. (Lending to Public) in the 2021 Financial Statements 
and the chart entitled “Remaining maturity” on page 71 of the 2021 Financial Statements.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Impaired Loans: for information in relation to the Group’s impaired loans, please see Note G13. In 
addition, for a discussion of the Group’s loan origination and monitoring procedures, its customer 
concentrations, large exposures, institutional counterparty risk exposure and collateral policy, please 
see the “Capital and risk management report” (i.e. Pillar 3-report) as of the 31 December 2021. 
Organisational structure 
Ålandsbanken is the parent company of the Group. 
Ålandsbanken has two wholly owned subsidiaries. The wholly owned subsidiaries are Ålandsbanken 
Fondbolag Ab and Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd.  
Ålandsbanken Fondbolag Ab, domiciled in Mariehamn, is a fund management company pursuant to the 
Finnish Act on Investment Funds (sijoitusrahastolaki 213/2019) (as amended). Ålandsbanken Fondbolag Ab 
is in important role in the provision of the asset management services as it provides the services and products 
on which the banks advisory service is based on.  
Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd, domiciled in Mariehamn, develops, sells and supports banking systems 
to small and medium-sized banks primarily in the Nordic countries. The subsidiary of Crosskey Banking 
Solutions Ab Ltd, S-Crosskey Ab, is 60 per cent. owned by Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd and is 
domiciled in Mariehamn. Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd provides the Issuer and the group banking 
systems and has thus an important role in the overall operations of the Issuer. 
In Sweden, Ålandsbanken operates through its Swedish branch, Ålandsbanken Abp (Finland), svensk filial. 
 
Ålandsbanken became a co-owner of the new company Alandia Holding on 30 June 2021. The other co-owners 
are the pension insurance company Veritas Pensionsförsäkring, the cruise ferry company Viking Line, 
Föreningen Konstsamfundet (an association that supports the arts in Swedish-speaking Finland), Lundquist 
Shipping Company and Wiklöf Holding. Alandia Holding owns 24.9 per cent. of the insurance company 
Alandia Försäkring. Ålandsbanken owns 27.5 per cent. of Alandia Holding. 
 
Borgo Transaction  
In September 2019 Borgo AB entered into a partnership with ICA Bank, Ikano Bank, Söderberg & Partners 
and Ålandsbanken for the purpose of creating a new Swedish mortgage company. In August 2021 Sparbanken 
Syd (a southern Swedish savings bank) also signed a binding agreement with Borgo to join the partnership. 
The five industrial investors will distribute Borgo’s mortgage loans and receive commission from Borgo in 
return. Each industrial investor will set its own price, apply relevant discounts and following origination, 
handle first line customer support.  
 
Together with its information technology subsidiary Crosskey Banking Solutions, Ålandsbanken is supplying 
platform solutions for the new mortgage company and contributing its existing knowledge on mortgage loan 
management.    
  
In March 2021 Borgo received permission from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority to operate a 
financing business and to issue covered bonds. In the fourth quarter, the company started its operations in 
Sweden.  
 
In February 2022 Ålandsbanken transferred most of its Swedish mortgage loans and related previously issued 
covered bonds to Borgo AB (publ), in which Ålandsbanken’s ownership stake amounts to 19.9 per cent. The 
nominal amount of the mortgage loan portfolio that was transferred was SEK 10.4 billion. The nominal amount 
of the previously issued covered bonds, which now have Borgo as their issuer, was SEK 7.5 billion. A smaller 
mortgage loan portfolio will be transferred later. The transaction had a nonrecurring positive effect in the 
Ålandsbanken income statement of EUR 9.8 M. At the same time, this will mean a smaller loan portfolio in 
the Bank of Åland’s own balance sheet and thus a lower current net interest income. The Bank of Åland will 
instead receive distribution fees for brokered loans and platform revenues for maintaining various services to

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Borgo. The transaction also improved the Bank’s common equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio on a pro forma 
basis by about 2.5 percentage points. 
 
Authorisation for the Board to make decisions on acquisitions of the Company’s own shares  
In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors the Annual General Meeting has on March 30, 2022 
authorised the Board to approve acquisitions of the Issuer´s Series B shares as follows: 
The number of Series B shares that may be acquired on the basis of the authorisation may total no more than 
1,500,000, which is equivalent to about 10 per cent of all shares in the Company and about 16.4 per cent of all 
Series B shares in the Company. The Company’s own shares may be acquired on the basis of the authorisation, 
other than in relation to shareholders’ holdings (targeted acquisition) in case there are compelling reasons. The 
shares may be acquired using unrestricted equity capital at the price established in public trading on Nasdaq 
Helsinki Oy on the day of the acquisition. The shares may be acquired in one or more rounds. 
The Bank’s own shares may be acquired in order to change the Company’s capital structure, to be used as 
consideration in acquisitions of companies or sectoral reorganisations or as part of the Company’s incentive 
programmes and may otherwise be transferred onward, be kept by the Company or be annulled. 
The Board shall decide on all other conditions for the acquisition of the Bank’s own shares. The authorisation 
would be in force until the end of the next annual general meeting, but no longer than until September 30, 
2023. 
The Board of Directors of Ålandsbanken has decided to begin acquisitions of the Bank’s own shares, as 
authorised by the Annual General Meeting on March 30, 2022. 
The maximum number of shares that may be acquired on the basis of the Board’s acquisition decision, in one 
or more rounds, is 375,000 Series B shares, which is equivalent to 4.1 per cent of the total number of Series B 
shares and 2.4 per cent the total number of shares. The maximum amount that may be used for the buy-back 
is EUR 10,500,000. The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (FIN-FSA) has granted approval for the buy-
back of the Bank’s own shares. The acquisition of shares began on May 25, 2022 and will end at the end of 
the next annual general meeting or at the latest September 30, 2023. 
 
Significant or material change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Group since 30 
September 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2021. 
Capital adequacy  
The size of the Bank’s capital requirement is stipulated in the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (laki 
luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014) (as amended). The capital needs of banks are formulated in the regulations 
as capital requirements stating how much capital the banks need to maintain in relation to the risks found in 
their operations. These capital requirements are divided into Pillar 1 requirements, Pillar 2 requirements, 
combined buffer requirements. In addition to binding capital requirements, there is Pillar 2 guidance. Pillar 1 
requirements are the same for all institutions, and Pillar 2 requirements are set individually for each institution 
by a regulatory authority. The regulator has not established Pillar 2 guidance for the Bank.   
According to the Pillar 1 requirements in Article 92 of the CRR, institutions must have a capital base that 
always fulfils the following requirements in relation to the risk exposure amount (REA):  
• 
A common equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of at least 4.5 per cent  
• 
A Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6 per cent

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
• 
A total capital ratio of at least 8 per cent  
The Pillar 2 capital requirements are calculated by evaluating other risks that are not covered by Pillar 1 
regulations. The Bank assesses the capital requirements for these risks yearly by means of the internal capital 
adequacy assessment process. The requirements are then established or adjusted by FIN-FSA through a 
supervisory review and evaluation process. The FIN-FSA has established additional capital requirements of 
1.0 per cent to be effective from the end of the third quarter of 2021. The requirement is valid for a maximum 
of three years, until September 30, 2024, or until FIN-FSA communicates a diverging requirement for the 
Bank. Three fourths of the Pillar 2 requirement must be covered by Tier 1 capital, of which three fourths CET1 
capital. 
 In addition to these requirements, institutions must also maintain capital in the form of combined buffer 
requirements against economic downturns. These combined buffer requirements are established in the CRD. 
Ålandsbanken’s capital requirement for credit risks is calculated according to the IRB approach in the Finnish 
retail lending portfolio. For the corporate exposure class, the Bank applies the fundamental internal ratings 
based (F-IRB) approach. In Sweden and other countries, the capital requirement is calculated entirely using 
the standardised approach. For all other exposure categories, including equity exposures, the Bank uses the 
standardised approach to calculate the capital requirement for credit risk. The capital requirement for 
operational risks is calculated according to the standardised approach. 
 
For further information about the Group’s risk and capital management, capital base and capital adequacy 
calculations, please see the Bank´s Capital and risk management report (i.e. Pillar 3-report) as of 31 December 
2021. 
Recent events 
 
Share savings programme 
 
The Board of Directors of Ålandsbanken has decided to launch a share savings programme for all Group 
employees. Employees can save a maximum of five per cent of their monthly salary in order to subscribe for 
twice-yearly targeted issues of Series B shares. The savings period for the programme begins in July 2022. 
The first share issue is planned in January 2023. The programme will run for one year. Three years after each 
respective share issue, the Bank of Åland will distribute one free matching share for each share that has been 
acquired in the targeted share issues to those who have participated in the share issues and who are still 
employed by the Group and own the shares that were issued. Employees will be offered the opportunity to 
subscribe for Series B shares at a price that is 10 per cent below the average price during the calendar month 
before each respective share issue. Sixty-nine per cent of the number of Group employees have joined the 
share savings programme. The savings amount for those who have joined the programme is about EUR 1.5 
M, which would be equivalent to about 56,000 Series B shares, based on the average share price in June 2022 
including a 10 per cent discount. The number of matching Series B shares is estimated at 47,000. The projected 
number of shares that employees may receive as part of the share savings programme is about 103,000.   
 
Standard & Poor’s raises credit rating  
 
On July 13, 2022, Standard & Poor´s Global Ratings announced that they are raising its long-term issuer credit 
rating for Ålandsbanken Abp to BBB+ from BBB. The outlook is stable. The background to the raised credit 
rating is Ålandsbanken’s high profitability, at the same time as the Bank’s capital requirement is decreasing 
due to the earlier-initiated and ongoing transfer of its Swedish mortgage loan business to Borgo AB. 
 
MANAGEMENT 
The Board of Directors of Ålandsbanken has overall responsibility for the activities of the Group and decides 
on the nature of its business and its business strategies and goals.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
The Managing Director supervises the business operations of Ålandsbanken in accordance with the Board of 
Director’s instructions and is responsible for the day-to-day administration. 
The Executive Team serves as an advisory team to the Managing Director. 
The Board of Directors has instituted a nomination committee (the Nomination Committee), an audit 
committee (the Audit Committee) and a compensation committee (the Compensation Committee). 
 
 
The Board of Directors 
The members of the Board of Directors are annually elected by a simple majority of the shareholders’ votes 
represented at the annual general meeting for a one-year term ending at close of the next annual general 
meeting. 
The Board of Directors consists of six directors which are presented below. 
 
NILS LAMPI Chairman of the Board of Directors, Bachelor of Economic Sciences, born 1948 
 
Background  
Wiklöf Holding, CEO (1992 –); Wiklöf Holding Ab, Managing Director (1990 – 1991); AW Line Ab, Deputy 
Managing Director (1988 – 1989); Föreningsbanken i Finland, Director (1986 – 1987); Helsingfors Aktiebank, 
Director (1980 – 1985); Ålands Landskapsstyrelse, Administrative Officer of the Province (1975 – 1979) 
 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust:  
Aktia Bank Abp, Aktia Abp, member of the Board of Directors (2010 – 2013); Åland Post Ab, Chairman of 
the Board of Directors (2011 –2020); Nordea, Member of the Delegation (2005 – 2009); Best- Hall Oy, 
Chairman of the Board of Directors (1997 –); Ab ME Group Oy Ltd, Chairman of the Board of Directors (1990 
–); Ab Mathias Eriksson / Ab Mariehamns Parti, Chairman of the Board of Directors (1990 –2019, member of 
the Board of Directors (2019-)); Skärgårdshavets Helikoptertjänst Ab, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
(1990 –2019); Hotell Arkipelag Ab, Chairman of the Board of Directors (1989 – 2015); Ålands delegationen, 
Member (1983 –  ); Scandinavian Air Ambulance Ab, Member of the Board of Directors (2008 – 2010) 
CHRISTOFFER TAXELL, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Master of Laws, Member, born 
1948 
 
Background  
Partek Oyj Abp, President and Chief Executive Officer (1990 – 2002); Swedish People´s Party of Finland 
National Party, Leader (1985 – 1990); Minister of Education (1987 – 1990); Minister of Justice (1979 – 1987); 
Member of the Parliament (1975 – 1991) 
 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust:  
Partek Oyj Abp, Member of the Board of Directors (1984 – 2002); Åbolands Skärgårdsstiftelse sr, Member of 
the Board of Directors (2017–); Rettig Group Ab, Member of the Board of Directors (2012 – 2017); Luvata 
Oy, Member of the Board of Directors (2005 – 2014); Föreningen Konstsamfundet, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors, (2004 – 2017), Member of the Board of Directors (1996 – 2003); Svenska litteratursällskapet, 
member of the Financial Affairs (1982 – 2016); Stiftelsen för Åbo Akademi, Chairman for the Delegation 
(2013–), Chairman of the Foundation´s Board of Directors (2003 – 2012); Member of the Foundation´s Board 
of Directors (1988 – 2012); Sampo Abp, Member of the Board of Directors (1998 –2013); Finnair Abp, 
Chairman of the Board of Directors (2003 – 2011); Stockmann Oyj Abp, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
(2007 – 2014), Member of the Board of Directors (1985 – 2014)

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
ÅSA CEDER, Master of Economic Sciences, born 1965 
 
Background:  
Alandia Försäkring, Managing Director of Försäkringsaktiebolaget Pensions-Alandia (2005 – 2018); Redarnas 
Ömsesidiga Försäkringsbolag, Försäkringsaktiebolaget Alandia, Chief Mathematician (2005 – 2019), 
Mathematician (2002 – 2005); Insurance Supervisory Authority, Mathematician and Chief Supervisor (2000 
– 2002); Hanken School of Economics in Helsinki, Chief Assistant in Finance and Investments, Assistant in 
Statistics (1994 – 2000) 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust:  
Ålands Penningautomatförening (PAF), Chairman of the Board of Directors (2016 – 2018); 
Arbetspensionsförsäkrarna TELA rf, Member of the Board of Directors (2015 –); Ab Plasto Oy Ltd  
Member of the Board of Directors (2006 –2019), SHB Liv Försäkringsaktiebolag, Member of the Board of 
Directors (2020-2021)  
ANDERS Å KARLSSON Bachelor of Commerce, born 1959 
 
Background:  
Chips Abp, CFO and Deputy Managing Director (1987 – 2009); Plasto Ab, Financial Manager (1983 – 1987)  
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust:  
Alandia Försäkring Abp, Member of the Board of Directors (2021 -); Ålands Skogsindustrier Ab, Member of 
the Board of Directors (2015 –); Ålands Skogsägare Andelselag, Member of the Board of Directors (2010–
2017); Ålands Ömsesidiga Försäkringsbolag, Member of the Board of Directors (2011 – 2017); Ålands 
Penningautomatförening (PAF), Member of the Board of Directors (2010 – 2018); Ålands Bygg Ab Member 
of the Board of Directors (2010 –2021); Ålands Bygg Fastighets Ab, Member of the Board of Directors (2010–
2021); Fastighets Ab Norragatan 17, Member of the Board of Directors (2010–); Ålands Centralandelslag, 
Member of the Board of Directors (2010 – 2016); Ålands Skogsägarförbund Andelslag, Member of the Board 
of Directors (2010 – 2017); Ab Skogen, Member of the Board of Directors (2010 – 2016); Chips Abp, Member 
of the Board of Directors (2005 – 2009); Ålands Tidnings-Tryckeri Ab, Member of the Board of Directors 
(1990 – 2003); Authorised Accountant in different companies (1987 – 2003) 
 
MIREL LEINO-HALTIA PhD (Econ.), CFA, born 1971 
 
Background: 
PwC Finland (2000-2009); Partner PwC Finland (2009-2018); Professor of Practice, Aalto University (2019-
) 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust: 
 
Sitowise Plc, Member of the Board of Directors (2021 -) Chair of the Audit Committee (2022 -); Teleste Plc. 
Member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit Committee (2020 -); LocalTapiola Mutual Life 
Insurance member of the Board of Directors (2019 -); Euroclear Finland Ltd. Member of the Board of 
Directors and Chair of the Audit Committee (2018 -); Nixu Certification Ltd. Member of the Board  of 
Directors (2022 -); Indufor Ltd. Chair of the Board of Directors (2019 -); Finnish Association of Authorized 
Public Accountants Member of the Board of Directors (2021 -) 
 
 
ULRIKA VALASSI Bachelor of Business Administration, born 1967

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Background: 
 
DBT, Credit  (2017–); Au Management AB, Founder (2013–); Landshypotek AB, Credit (2011 – 2013); SEB, 
Group´s Risk Control, Chief of NPA office (2008-2011), Project Leader (2007 – 2008); SEB Stockholm, 
Group´s Credit Function, Line Credit manager, Financials (2004 – 2006), Credit Manager, Nordöst, Midcorp 
(2002 – 2003); SEB New York, Credit Administration, Vice President, Head of Credit Administration (2000 
–2002) 
 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust:  
Dreams Securities AB (2019 – ); Hemfosa Fastigheter AB, Member of the Board of Directors (2015 – 
2019); Hypoteket Bolån Sverige AB  (2019 –); Intrum Justitia AB, Member of the Board of Directors (2016 
– 2017); Qliro AB (2015 – 2016)  
 
 
ANDERS WIKLÖF Kommerseråd Business owner, born 1946 
 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust:  
Ålandsbanken Abp, Member of the Board of Directors (2006 –); Chairman of the Board of Governors (2001 
– 2003); Member of the Board of Governors (1983 – 2003); Ålands Ömsesidiga Försäkringsbolag; Vice 
Chairman of the Board of Governors (2003 – 2011); Chairman of the Board of Governors (1998 – 2002); 
Member of the Chairman of the Board of Governors (1991 –  2011); Wiklöf Holding Ab; Chairman of the 
Board of Directors (1987 –); Stiftelsen Ålandsfonden för Östersjöns framtid, Member of the Delegation 
 Nomination Committee 
The Nomination Committee is responsible for the preparation of the election of the board members at the 
annual general meeting and for giving proposals regarding the compensation of the Board of Directors. The 
Nomination Committee has four members, consisting of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and one 
representative of each of the three shareholders with the largest number of voting shares as of 1 November 
each year. The Nomination Committee consists of the Chairman of the Board Nils Lampi, member of the 
Board Anders Wiklöf by virtue of his direct and indirect shareholding, Stefan Björkman a representative of 
Alandia Försäkring and Georg Ehrnrooth as a representative of Fennogens Investments S.A. Anders Wiklöf is 
the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its duties in overseeing the internal control 
and risk management systems, reporting, the audit process and observance of laws and regulations. In addition, 
before the annual general meeting the Audit Committee prepares proposals for the election of auditors and 
their fees. The Audit Committee consists of the board members Ulrika Valassi, Mirel Leino-Haltia, Anders Å 
Karlsson and Nils Lampi. Ulrika Valassi is the Chairman of the Audit Committee. 
Compensation Committee 
The Compensation Committee is responsible for the preparation of material compensation-related decisions 
and the evaluation of compensation policies and principles for variable compensation. The Compensation 
Committee decides on measures for monitoring the application of the principles for the compensation system 
and assesses their suitability and effect on the Group’s risks and risk management. The Compensation 
Committee consist of the board members Nils Lampi and Christoffer Taxell as well as of Agneta Karlsson. 
Agneta Karlsson is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. 
The Managing Director and the Executive Team

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
The Board of Directors has adopted rules of procedures for the Group with internal guidelines regarding, 
among other matters, the work of the Managing Director and the Executive Team. 
The Managing Director supervises the business operations of Ålandsbanken in accordance with the 
instructions of the Board of Directors and is responsible for the day-to-day administration of Ålandsbanken.  
The Executive Team serves as an advisory team to the Managing Director and has decision making powers in 
any matters that the Board of Directors has delegated to it. 
The Executive Team consists of seven persons which are presented below. 
 
 
 
PETER WIKLÖF  
Master of Laws 
Managing Director  
Born 1966  
Member of the Executive Team since 2008 
Chairman  
JAN-GUNNAR EURELL  
Master of Business Administration, 
Bachelor of Science (Economics) 
Chief Financial Officer 
Deputy Managing Director 
Born 1959 
Member of the Executive Team since 2011 
 
MIKAEL MÖRN 
Director, Åland Business Area 
Diploma in business 
Born 1965 
Member of the Executive Team since 2017 
 
TOVE ERIKSLUND 
Master of Business Administration 
Chief Administrative Officer 
 
Born 1967 
Member of the Executive Team since 2006 
 
ANNE-MARIA SALONIUS 
Master of Laws (trained on the bench) 
Director, Finnish Mainland Business Area 
Born 1964 
Member of the Executive Team since 2010 
 
MAGNUS JOHANSSON 
Master of Science in Business and Economics 
Director, Sweden Business Area 
Born 1972 
Member of the Executive Team since 2017 
 
JUHANA RAUTHOVI 
Licentiate of Laws  
Master of Science (Economics) 
Master of Science (Technology) 
Master in International Management 
Chief Risk and Compliance Officer 
SOFIE HOLMSTRÖM 
Master of Science in Engineering 
B.Sc. in Business Administration 
 
 
 
 
Born 1975 
Member of the Executive Team since 2012 
 
 
 
 
 
Born 1985 
Member of the Executive Team since 2021

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
General information on the management of Ålandsbanken 
The Board of Directors has adopted and applies the Finnish Corporate Governance Code (the Code). The Code 
is applied according to the “comply or explain” principle, which means that departures from its 
recommendations must be disclosed and explained. Ålandsbanken departs from Recommendation 15, 
“Appointment of members to the committees”, since the Nomination Committee may include members who 
are not members of the Board of Directors of Ålandsbanken and the Compensation Committee include a 
member who is not a member of the Board of Directors.   
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and the Executive Team is Ålandsbanken Abp, 
Post Box 3, AX-22101 Mariehamn, Finland. 
Independence of directors 
According to the Board of Directors’ evaluation, all Board members are independent in relation to 
Ålandsbanken. The Board members Christoffer Taxell, Mirel Leino-Haltia, Ulrika Valassi and Åsa Ceder are 
independent in relation to significant shareholders. Nils Lampi represents Wiklöf Holding Ab which has 
significant holding in Ålandsbanken shares or total voting power and therefore Mr. Lampi is not independent 
in relation to significant shareholders. Anders Wiklöf personally and through his companies owns more than 
20 per cent. of Ålandsbanken’s shares or total voting power and therefore is not independent in relation to 
significant shareholders. Anders Å Karlsson is member of the Board of Directors in Alandia Försäkring which 
is the second largest shareholder in Ålandsbanken.  
Conflicts of interests  
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties of the members of the Board of Directors, Nomination 
Committee, Audit Committee, Compensation Committee or the Executive Team to Ålandsbanken and their 
private interests or duties. 
 
SUMMARY OF THE FINNISH LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Repealed Finnish Covered Bond Act (laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010) (as amended) (the Repealed Covered Bond Act) as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. It does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Finnish 
legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. 
General 
Covered bonds are debt instruments issued by Finnish commercial banks that are at all times secured by a pool 
of qualifying assets (the Cover Pool), the quality and standards of which are regulated by the Repealed 
Covered Bond Act.  
Covered bonds may only be issued by credit institutions that are licensed by the FIN-FSA to do so. The Issuer 
was granted such license on 29 July 2011 and has renewed this license in accordance with the New Covered 
Bond Act on 30 June 2022. 
Eligible Assets for the Cover Pool 
According to the Repealed Covered Bond Act, the following types of assets qualify for the Cover Pool:  
• 
Loans that are secured by a mortgageable object referred to in chapter 16, section 1 or in chapter 19, 
section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (maakaari 540/1995) (as amended) (the Land Code) and whose 
purpose is to serve as housing, by shares in a housing company according to Chapter 1, Section 2 of 
the Finnish Housing Companies Act (asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009) (as amended) (the Housing

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Companies Act), by other comparable shares or rights-of-occupancy, or by collateral that is 
comparable to the above and situated in another State in the European Economic Area (Residential 
Mortgages). A housing company is a special form of limited liability company (regulated by the 
Housing Companies Act). Shares of a housing company carry rights to occupy a specific part of the 
building owned by the company as stipulated in its articles of association. 
• 
Loans that are secured by a mortgageable object referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or in Chapter 19, 
Section 1 of the Land Code and whose purpose is to serve as office or commercial space, by shares in 
a housing company or a mutual real estate company that entitle its holder to occupy commercial or 
office space, or by comparable collateral situated in another State belonging to the European Economic 
Area (Commercial Mortgages and, together with Residential Mortgages, Mortgages). The 
governance of a mutual real estate company is similar to that of any other Finnish limited liability 
company. Real estate companies may be governed by the Housing Companies Act or the Finnish 
Companies Act (osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006) (as amended), as stipulated in each company’s articles of 
association. Shares of a mutual real estate company carry rights to occupy a specific part of the 
building owned by the mutual real estate company as stipulated in its articles of association. 
• 
Public-sector loans that have been granted to the Finnish state, a Finnish municipality or another public 
body which may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in the CRR, be considered 
equivalent to the Finnish state or Finnish municipality or indebtedness that is fully guaranteed by, or 
fully collateralised by a claim against the Finnish state, a Finnish municipality or such other public 
body as described above (Public-Sector Debt). 
• 
Mortgages and Public-Sector Debt of such other credit institution, to which the mortgage bank (Fi. 
kiinnitysluottopankki) issuer of covered bonds has granted inter-bank loans (Inter-Bank Loans) 
where the Inter-Bank Loan is secured by Mortgages granted by that credit institution or Public-Sector 
Debt posted as collateral by that credit institution to the extent those Mortgages and that Public-Sector 
Debt forms part of the Cover Pool for the covered bonds as described below (Inter-Bank Loan 
Assets). The use of Inter-Bank Loans is not available to the Issuer because it is not a mortgage bank.  
• 
In addition, up to 20 per cent. of the aggregate amount of all the assets in the Cover Pool may in certain 
circumstances temporarily consist of certain supplemental assets. Supplemental assets in the Cover 
Pool (together referred to as the Supplemental Assets) may include: 
• 
bonds and other debt obligations issued by the Finnish government, a municipality or another 
public-sector entity or a credit institution (other than one belonging to the same consolidated 
group as the issuer of the covered bonds); 
• 
guarantees granted by a public-sector entity or a credit institution (other than one belonging 
to the same consolidated group as the issuer of the covered bonds); 
• 
credit insurance given by an insurance company other than one belonging to the same group 
as the issuer of the covered bonds; and 
• 
cash of the issuer of the covered bonds deposited in the Bank of Finland or a deposit bank 
(other than a deposit bank, belonging to the same consolidated group as the issuer of the 
covered bonds, if the issuer is also a deposit bank).  
Debt obligations issued by credit institutions may not, however, exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate amount 
of assets in the Cover Pool. The FIN-FSA may in limited circumstances grant an exemption from the 20 per 
cent. limit for a set period.  
Supplemental Assets may temporarily be used in situations where Mortgages or Public-Sector Debt have not 
yet been granted or registered in the Cover Pool or the Repealed Covered Bond Act’s requirements described 
below under “Loan to Value Ratios, Liquidity and Interest Cover Requirements” are not fulfilled.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Covered Bond Register 
The issuer of covered bonds is required to maintain a register of the covered bonds and the assets in the Cover 
Pool (the Register). The Register must include, amongst other things, details on: 
• 
each series of covered bonds in issue, including the nominal amount, interest rate and maturity;  
• 
the assets in the Cover Pool, including the aggregate nominal amount, interest and maturity of the 
Mortgages and any Public-Sector Debt in the Cover Pool;  
• 
any Supplemental Assets in the Cover Pool; and  
• 
any derivative contracts entered into to hedge against risks relating to the covered bonds or the Cover 
Pool.  
The Register must be continuously updated to reflect changes in the covered bonds and the Cover Pool. The 
Mortgages, Public-Sector Debt, Inter-Bank Loan Assets and Supplemental Assets recorded in the Register at 
any given time constitute the Cover Pool that secures the covered bonds, subject to the limitations set forth in 
the Repealed Covered Bond Act. Each of the assets in the Cover Pool secures each series of covered bonds in 
issue on a pari passu basis, to the extent each of the series is secured by the same assets. If an asset recorded 
in the Register secures only a particular series or category of covered bonds, the Register must specify which 
series the asset secures. A Mortgage, Public-Sector Debt or Inter-Bank Loan must, following its repayment in 
full, be removed from the Register. Mortgages that are no longer eligible Residential Mortgages or Commercial 
Mortgages must also be removed. Assets may also be removed from the Register if after the removal the 
remaining assets in the Cover Pool are sufficient to meet the requirements of the Repealed Covered Bond Act 
and the terms and conditions of the covered bonds. The fact that an issuer of covered bonds has included 
certain Mortgages, Public-Sector Debt or other indebtedness in the Cover Pool does not prevent it from 
allowing, or allow it to prevent, the debtor in relation to such indebtedness to pre-pay the relevant indebtedness 
or to change the terms of the relevant indebtedness (including changing the collateral (e.g., residential property 
or shares in a housing company) securing the indebtedness). According to the Finnish Consumer Protection 
Act (kuluttajansuojalaki 38/1978) (as amended), consumers are entitled at any time to pre-pay their Residential 
Mortgages in full or in part before they mature. The issuer of covered bonds is, however, prohibited from 
creating any security interest in or selling Mortgages or Public-Sector Debt that forms part of the Cover Pool 
without the permission of the FIN-FSA. If Inter-Bank Loan Assets are included in the Cover Pool, the same 
restrictions as to the sale and creation of security interests apply to the debtor credit institution under the Inter-
Bank Loan. The composition of the Cover Pool may change over time, subject at all times to the requirements 
of the Repealed Covered Bond Act and the terms and conditions of the covered bonds. For a summary of the 
requirements in the Repealed Covered Bond Act relating to the Cover Pool, see “Certain Cover Pool 
Requirements” and “Loan to Value Ratios, Liquidity and Interest Cover Requirements” below. Issuers of 
covered bonds may also enter into derivatives contracts in order to hedge risks relating to the covered bonds 
and the Cover Pool. Details of any derivatives contracts must be listed in the Register.   
The security interest in the Mortgages and Public-Sector Debt included in the Cover Pool will be recorded on 
the documentation evidencing the Mortgages or Public-Sector Debt or in a register that is used to administer 
the Mortgages or Public-Sector Debt.  
Certain Cover Pool Requirements  
The Repealed Covered Bond Act provides that the nominal amount of the Mortgages included in the Cover 
Pool may not exceed the fair value of the collateral securing those Mortgages. The fair value of the collateral 
is to be determined in accordance with the FIN-FSA’s rules and regulations. For example, any collateral assets 
underlying Commercial Mortgages and Residential Mortgages, where the value of such Residential Mortgage 
exceed EUR 3,000,000, are to be valued by an independent third-party valuation agent.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
If the assets in the Cover Pool do not meet the requirements of the Repealed Covered Bond Act, the FIN-FSA 
will set a time period within which the issuer of the covered bonds is required to add such amount of qualifying 
assets to the Cover Pool as is required to remedy the breach. If the issuer does not comply with the requirements 
within the set time period, the FIN-FSA may revoke the issuer’s license to carry on mortgage banking 
activities.  
Loan to Value Ratios, Liquidity and Interest Cover Requirements 
The Repealed Covered Bond Act provides for the following requirements as to the assets in the Cover Pool.  
• 
The aggregate value of the assets in the Cover Pool (calculated as specified below) must at all times 
exceed the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the covered bonds.  
• 
The present value of the assets in the Cover Pool must at all times exceed 102 per cent. of the present 
value of the payment obligations under the covered bonds. When determining the present value of the 
assets in the Cover Pool for this purpose, only 60 per cent. and 70 per cent. of the payments made or 
to be made under the Commercial Mortgages and Residential Mortgages, respectively, may be 
included. According to the preparatory works of the Repealed Covered Bond Act (HE 42/2010), 
present value means the total value of the future discounted cash flows applying the market rate of 
interest prevailing from time to time. The FIN-FSA may in the future issue more specific rules and 
regulations regarding present value calculations.  
• 
Unless the terms of the covered bonds provide otherwise, at least 90 per cent. of the aggregate value 
of the assets in the Cover Pool (calculated as specified below) must be comprised of Residential 
Mortgages, Public-Sector Debt or Supplemental Assets.  
• 
The aggregate value of the assets in the Cover Pool (calculated as specified below) relating to the 
Inter-Bank Loan Assets must at all times exceed the amount of the Inter-Bank Loans. In the case of 
Inter-Bank Loans, the Public-Sector Debt and Mortgages that secure those Inter-Bank Loans are to be 
recorded in the Register and included in the Cover Pool; the Inter-Bank Loans themselves are not 
included in the Cover Pool for purposes of the tests and requirements described in this section “Loan 
to Value Ratios, Liquidity and Interest Cover Requirements”.  
• 
The weighted average maturity of the covered bonds must not be longer than the weighted average 
maturity of the assets in the Cover Pool.  
• 
The interest accruing on the aggregate amount of assets in the Cover Pool (calculated as specified 
below) in any 12-month period must cover the interest payments on the covered bonds (and any 
derivative contracts related thereto) in the same period.  
For purposes of the requirements described in this section “Loan to Value Ratios, Liquidity and Interest Cover 
Requirements”, certain additional loan-to-value thresholds apply. Namely, for purposes of determining the 
aggregate amount or value of assets in the Cover Pool: 
• 
in the case of Residential Mortgages, only up to 70 per cent. of the fair value of the residential property 
securing the Residential Mortgage can be included; 
• 
in the case of Commercial Mortgages, only up to 60 per cent. of the fair value of the commercial 
property securing the Commercial Mortgage can be included;  
• 
in the case of Public-Sector Debt and Supplemental Assets, the book value is to be included; and 
• 
Loans that according to the rules of the FIN-FSA are to be booked as non-performing loans cannot be 
included.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
In addition, derivative transactions concluded in order to hedge risks relating to the covered bonds or any assets 
in the Cover Pool are taken into account for the purposes of the requirements described above. 
Limited Recourse Against Assets in the Cover Pool 
According to the Repealed Covered Bond Act, creditors of the issuer of covered bonds other than the covered 
bond holders cannot have recourse against the assets in the Cover Pool. Therefore, the assets in the Cover Pool 
cannot be subject to injunctions, debt execution or other enforcement measures by such creditors. In addition, 
in a bankruptcy or liquidation of an issuer of covered bonds, a Mortgage debtor or issuer of Public-Sector Debt 
cannot as a general rule invoke the right of set-off in relation to a Mortgage or Public-Sector Debt that is 
included in the Cover Pool. 
 
Right of Priority in Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer  
Under the Repealed Covered Bond Act, holders of covered bonds are given a preferential status in the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer of those covered bonds. If the issuer has been placed in liquidation or 
declared bankrupt, the holders of covered bonds have the right to receive payment, in preference to all other 
creditors of the issuer, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered bonds, from the assets that 
comprise the Cover Pool (i.e., assets included in the Register). After the commencement of the bankruptcy or 
liquidation proceedings, any proceeds from the assets in the Cover Pool will be recorded in the Register for 
the benefit of the holders of the covered bonds. Prior to the commencement of bankruptcy or liquidation, 
proceeds from the assets in the Cover Pool will only be recorded in the Register for the benefit of the holders 
of the covered bonds to the extent that such proceeds are temporarily recorded in the Register as Supplemental 
Assets.  
However, with respect to Mortgages included in the Cover Pool, the covered bond holders’ preferential 
treatment will be limited, in accordance with section 25 of the Repealed Covered Bond Act, to a maximum 
amount which corresponds to 70 per cent. of the value, as recorded in the Register, of the assets securing the 
Residential Mortgages in the pool; and to 60 per cent. of the value, as recorded in the Register, of the assets 
securing the Commercial Mortgages in the pool, in each case at the time the issuer was declared bankrupt or 
when the issuer is placed in liquidation, as the case may be. If the proceeds from the assets in the Finnish Cover 
Pool are not sufficient to discharge the relevant Covered Bonds in full, the holders of the Covered Bonds will 
be general creditors in the Issuer’s bankruptcy or liquidation with no priority as to the shortfall. Any excess 
proceeds from the Mortgages in the Cover Pool will be paid to the bankruptcy estate for the benefit of the 
general creditors of the estate.  
The Issuer’s counterparties to derivative transactions that are recorded in the Register and the providers of any 
liquidity loans borrowed by the bankruptcy estate enjoy the same preferential treatment as covered bond 
holders in the Issuer’s bankruptcy or liquidation. These counterparties and lenders have an equal right with the 
holders of covered bonds to payments from the assets in the Cover Pool. Accordingly, derivative transactions 
and such liquidity loans rank pari passu with the covered bond holders with respect to assets in the Cover 
Pool.  
In the bankruptcy or liquidation of the issuer, holders of covered bonds rank pari passu amongst themselves 
in respect of proceeds from the Cover Pool, to the extent their bonds are secured by the same assets in the 
Register. If an asset recorded in the Register secures a particular series of covered bonds only, only that 
particular series of covered bonds will receive the benefit of any proceeds from the relevant asset. 
If an issuer of covered bonds is placed in liquidation or declared bankrupt, a supervisor will be appointed by 
the FIN-FSA to represent the interests of the holders of the relevant covered bonds. A bankruptcy administrator 
will also be appointed by the court of jurisdiction in accordance with the Finnish Bankruptcy Act (konkurssilaki 
120/2004) (as amended). The supervisor supervises the management and any liquidation of the assets in the 
Cover Pool as well as the payments to be made to the holders of covered bonds.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
In the bankruptcy or liquidation of the issuer, the bankruptcy administrator shall, at the supervisor’s request or 
with its consent, enter into such derivatives contracts as are necessary to hedge the risks relating to the covered 
bonds or the assets in the Cover Pool, and, where necessary, sell a sufficient amount of assets in the Cover 
Pool in order for the issuer to discharge its obligations relating to the covered bonds. The bankruptcy 
administrator may also take out liquidity loans to secure the liquidity of the bankruptcy estate. Moreover, the 
bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA and subject to the terms and conditions of 
the covered bonds, transfer the covered bonds and the entire Cover Pool to another Finnish financial institution 
that is licensed to issue covered bonds (or to an equivalent non-Finnish institution).  
If the requirements described above under “Loan to Value Ratios, Liquidity and Interest Cover Requirements” 
are not satisfied, the bankruptcy administrator shall, at the supervisor’s request or with its consent, accelerate 
the covered bonds, liquidate the assets in the Cover Pool relating to such covered bonds and use the proceeds 
thereof to discharge the covered bonds. If the proceeds from the assets in the Cover Pool (after application of 
the limitation in respect of Mortgages described above) are not sufficient to discharge the covered bonds in 
full, the holders of the covered bonds will be general creditors in the issuer’s bankruptcy with no priority in 
payment as to the shortfall. In such circumstances, the holders of the covered bonds may not be paid in full. 
Management of the Cover Pool upon Liquidation or Bankruptcy of an Interbank Loan Debtor 
If the debtor in respect of an Inter-Bank Loan that has been taken into account in the Cover Pool is in 
bankruptcy or liquidation, the FIN-FSA shall without delay appoint a supervisor to represent the interests of 
the holders of covered bonds issued by the issuer (i.e., the creditor of the Inter-Bank Loan debtor). The 
supervisor shall in particular supervise the administration and liquidation of the assets in the Cover Pool and 
the payments to be made to the holders of covered bonds. Notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of an 
Inter-Bank Loan debtor, payments shall be made on the covered bonds, in accordance with their terms, from 
the Inter-Bank Loan Assets comprising the Cover Pool, taking into account the right of preference provided in 
the Repealed Covered Bond Act. 
In the liquidation of the Inter-Bank Loan debtor, the debtor’s estate administrator shall at the request of, or 
with the consent of, the supervisor: 
• 
sell the debtor’s Mortgages or Public-Sector Debt that comprise the Cover Pool to the issuer of the 
covered bonds by, in whole or in part, offsetting the purchase price against the issuer’s Inter-Bank 
Loan claim against the debtor; or  
• 
if necessary, sell to a third party such amount of the debtor’s assets in the Cover Pool as is necessary 
to discharge the obligations under the covered bonds. 
Implementation of the EU Covered Bond Directive 2019/2162 in Finland  
On 18 December 2019, Directive 2019/2162/EU on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the Covered Bond Directive) were 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union. In Finland the new Finnish Act on Mortgage Banks 
and Covered Bonds (laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista 151/2022) (as amended or as 
replaced) (the New Covered Bond Act) implements the Covered Bond Directive. The New Covered Bond 
Act entered into force on 8 July 2022 and replaced the Finnish Covered Bond Act (Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as amended) (the Repealed Covered Bond Act). However, 
subject to fulfilment of the specific requirements set under the New Covered Bond Act, the Issuer may issue 
further covered bonds under the Repealed Covered Bond Act; having the same terms and conditions (except 
for the first payment of interest on them, the issue price and/or the minimum subscription amount thereof) as 
the covered bonds issued under the Issuer’s previous base prospectuses and the related general terms and 
conditions (the Tap Issue). 
The main changes arising from the New Covered Bond Act in Finland relate to the liquidity requirement, the 
increase of the collateral value of Residential Mortgages from 70 per cent. to 80 per cent. of the of the fair

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
value of the residential property securing the Residential Mortgage, the conditions for the postponement of the 
maturity of a covered bond (soft bullet) and the clarification of the obligation to assess the balance sheet 
commitments. The New Covered Bond Act includes additional conditions on the use of derivatives linked to 
covered bonds, particularly so that obligations arising from derivatives must be covered by the collaterals of 
the mortgage loans granted. 
 
The increase in the maximum collateral value the Residential Mortgages from 70 per cent. to 80 per cent. of 
the fair value of the residential property securing the Residential Mortgage would allow covered bond issuers 
to be able to make more comprehensive use of loans with higher credit ratios in collateral pools. However, 
such increase as such would have no effect on the valuations of Residential Mortgages in credit institutions' 
risk management and lending practices. 
 
New Covered Bond Act – Transitory provision 
 
Pursuant to Section 51, Subsection 3 of the New Covered Bond Act, the principal of any covered bonds 
issued during the Covered Bond Act can be increased through a further issue (tap issue) when the following 
requirements are met: 
 
1) 
the tap issue is carried out during the first two years after the New Covered Bond Act has come into 
force; 
2) 
the covered bonds have been granted an ISIN code before 8 July 2022; 
3) 
the covered bonds mature before 8 July 2027; 
4) 
the tap issues carried out after the New Covered Bond Act has come into force do not exceed by 
twofold the principal of the covered bonds when the New Covered Bond Act started to apply; 
5) 
the principal of the covered bonds calculated in respect of maturity does not exceed 6 billion; 
and 
6) 
the real property being collateral for the credit receivables of the covered bonds is located in 
Finland.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL 
The Issuer must ensure that the Finnish Cover Pool is comprised only of Mortgages, Public-Sector Debt and 
Supplemental Assets within the limitations set by the Repealed Covered Bond Act (as summarised under 
“Summary of the Finnish Legislation regarding Covered Bonds”) and the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds. At no time shall the Cover Pool include asset-backed securities that do not comply with the 
requirements of paragraph 1 Article 80 of Guideline ECB/2014/60 of the European Central Bank. 
The Issuer will substitute assets that are no longer eligible to be included in the Finnish Cover Pool in 
accordance with the requirements of the Repealed Covered Bond Act and such terms and conditions and 
supplement the Finnish Cover Pool with new Mortgages, Public-Sector Debt or Supplemental Assets upon the 
existing Mortgages, Public-Sector Debt or Supplemental Assets in the Cover Pool being repaid by the relevant 
borrower in respect of such assets.  
The criteria that the Issuer applies in the selection of assets for the Finnish Cover Pool and the policies for 
granting loans are summarised below.  
The Finnish Cover Pool 
All Mortgages included in the Finnish Cover Pool are originated by the Issuer in Finland in accordance with 
the applicable lending criteria, which include, among other things, verifying the identity of the borrower, 
assessing the creditworthiness of the borrower and checking the past defaults of the borrower which are 
contained in the Issuer’s internal payment default register. 
The Issuer identifies the Mortgages that are eligible for inclusion in the Finnish Cover Pool according to criteria 
set by the Repealed Covered Bond Act and the Issuer. These criteria, in summary, include (but are not limited 
to): 
• 
the principal amount of the Mortgage must not exceed the fair value of the collateral securing the 
Mortgage, that is, the loan-to-value ratio must be 100 per cent. or lower; 
• 
the Issuer must have security over the collateral securing the Mortgage; 
• 
the Mortgage must not have been in arrears for more than 90 days; 
• 
if several loans are secured by the same collateral, the group of loans is only eligible for the Finnish 
Cover Pool if the entire group meets the loan-to-value ratio requirement stated above. However, certain 
types of loans within such a group, such as currency loans and credit limits, are not eligible for 
inclusion (although they are included for the purpose of the loan-to-value ratio requirement); 
• 
the Mortgage must be secured by eligible assets located or incorporated in Finland and must be 
denominated in EUR; and 
• 
the terms and conditions of the pledge relating to the property that constitutes the collateral for the 
Mortgage must contain a provision according to which the pledgor undertakes to maintain the fire 
insurance of the property. 
The composition and characteristics of the Finnish Cover Pool will change over time. 
Liquidity Reserve 
The Issuer is committed to maintain a liquidity buffer covering 180 days of contractual maximum net outflows 
from the covered bonds issued until there are no more outstanding Covered Bonds. The liquidity buffer consists

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
of contractual inflows and liquid assets in the Finnish Cover Pool. Certain Covered Bonds issued under the 
2013 EMTN & Covered Bond Programme (as defined in “Information Incorporated by Reference”) which 
have the benefit of the Finnish Cover Pool (including covered bonds issued subject to the 2013 Conditions (as 
defined in “Information Incorporated by Reference”)) have been issued with terms that contain a liquidity 
reserve provision. Pursuant to this liquidity reserve provision, the Issuer is required to ensure that (i) the 
recorded value of all Public-Sector Debt and Supplemental Assets in the Finnish Cover Pool does not fall 
below a certain level so long as such covered bonds are outstanding and (ii) in the event that there have been 
prepayments of principal in respect of the Mortgages in the Finnish Cover Pool which exceed a certain level 
that the Issuer shall add to the Finnish Cover Pool an amount of Public-Sector Debt and/or Supplemental 
Assets equal to the amount of such prepayments. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, there is one outstanding issue which terms include the liquidity reserve 
provisions, namely a EUR 100 million Covered Bond issue due 30 January 2023.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS 
Permitted Derivative Transactions 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Transactions in order to hedge against 
risks relating to Covered Bonds and/or a Series of Covered Bonds or the assets in the Finnish Cover Pool. Such 
Derivative Transactions will be entered into the Register for the Finnish Cover Pool.  
The Issuer may enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising 
as a result of Mortgages and other assets in the Finnish Cover Pool that carry floating rates of interest covering 
the relevant Covered Bonds that carry a fixed interest rate payment obligation for the Issuer. The Issuer may 
also enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising as a result 
of Mortgages and other assets in the Finnish Cover Pool that carry fixed rates of interest covering the relevant 
Covered Bonds that carry a floating interest rate payment obligation for the Issuer.  
Documentation 
The Issuer currently anticipates that Derivative Transactions entered into between the Issuer and a swap 
counterparty will be evidenced by a confirmation and such confirmation will supplement, form part of and be 
subject to an agreement between the Issuer and such swap counterparty in the form of a 1992 ISDA Master 
Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross Border) or an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
Inc. (ISDA) (each such agreement a Swap Agreement). All such Derivative Transactions will be terminable 
by a party if an Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) occurs in respect of the other 
party or all or a group of Derivative Transactions will be terminable by one or both of the parties if a 
Termination Event (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) occurs. 
Upon the early termination of one or more Derivative Transactions, the Issuer or the relevant swap 
counterparty may be liable to make a payment to the other party reflecting the value of the terminated 
Derivative Transaction(s). 
The Issuer may also at its discretion use other types of instruments and transactions for the purposes described 
in this section “Derivative Transactions”. 
Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer 
Under the Repealed Covered Bond Act, the Issuer is required to fulfil the obligations arising under a Derivative 
Transaction entered into the Register for the Finnish Cover Pool in accordance with its terms notwithstanding 
a bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. Counterparties to such Derivative Transactions (along with holders 
of the Covered Bonds and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans) are given a statutory priority in the 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer to the assets in the Finnish Cover Pool. Accordingly, such counterparties 
(and holders of the Covered Bonds and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans) have the statutory right to 
receive payment from the assets in the Finnish Cover Pool before all other holders of claims and this right 
remains for so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. Prospective investors of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws 
could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal 
and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those 
countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
General 
Prospective investors of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the tax 
laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of Notes, including, 
but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and their disposal or redemption. 
Unpublished tax rulings support the interpretation that AT1 Notes are treated as loans in Issuer’s taxation. 
Consequently, the payments of the interests should be treated as interest in the taxation of the Holders of Notes. 
However, as there are no tax rulings concerning the Issuer and the Notes in question, there is no absolute 
certainty related to the tax treatment of the Notes and the income attached. 
Finland 
Taxation of Finnish resident individuals  
Individual holders of Notes who are resident in Finland for tax purposes, will be subject to Finnish tax on 
interest payments (including deemed interest for tax purposes through a discounted issue price) under the 
Notes and on gains realised on the disposal or redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Income Tax Act 
(1535/1992, as amended).  
For individual holders of Notes, interest income and capital gains are subject to tax at rate of 30 per cent or 34 
per cent (for capital income exceeding EUR 30,000). A loss from a disposal or redemption of the Notes would 
constitute a deductible capital loss.  
Taxation of Finnish resident corporate entities 
As a general rule, any interest payments and income received from disposal or redemption of the Notes would 
constitute part of a Finnish corporate entity’s taxable business income subject to a corporate income tax at the 
rate of 20 per cent. The acquisition cost of the Notes and any sales related expenses are generally deductible 
for tax purposes upon sale or redemption. Any loss due to disposal or redemption of the Notes would be 
deductible from the taxable business income.  
Taxation of Non-Finnish residents 
Holders of Notes who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage in trade or business 
through a permanent establishment in Finland will not be subject to Finnish taxes either on payments in respect 
of the Notes or gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes. Non-resident holders of Notes who 
engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment in Finland will be subject to similar Finnish 
taxes on payments in respect of the Notes and gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes as Finnish 
resident holders of Notes. 
Transfer Tax 
Transfers of the Notes are not subject to Finnish transfer tax.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Withholding Requirement 
The Issuer or a paying agent are obliged to withhold tax at a rate of 30 per cent on interest payments (including 
deemed interest) and secondary market compensation to Finnish resident individuals and death estates as well 
as Finnish resident unregistered partnerships, associations and similar. 
Reporting Requirements 
Under Finnish law, the Issuer, or a paying agent, is obliged to report any interest payments and information 
necessary for computing capital gain under and in respect of the Notes to the Finnish tax authorities. The 
reported information is subject to automatic exchange of information as regulated by the EU Directive on 
Administrative Cooperation 2011/16/EU (as amended) or other inter-governmental agreements. 
Information on interest, secondary market compensation and possible capital gains or losses stated on the 
investor’s pre-completed tax return must be reviewed and verified by the investor.  
 
Sweden 
 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to Noteholders. The summary is 
based on the laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general information only. The 
summary does not address, inter alia, situations where Notes are held in an investment savings account (Sw. 
investeringssparkonto), tax consequences of a write-down or conversion of the Notes, the existence of the 
ability of relevant regulatory authorities to effect such a write-down or conversion, any tax consequences 
following a variation or substitution (instead of redemption) of any Notes or the rules regarding reporting 
obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Further, the summary does not address credit of foreign taxes 
in Sweden. Investors should consult a professional tax adviser regarding the Swedish tax and other tax 
consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation) of 
acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes with respect to their particular circumstances. 
 
Taxation of Swedish resident individuals 
 
In general, private individual holders (and estates of deceased individuals) of Notes who are resident in Sweden 
for tax purposes will be subject to Swedish tax on all capital income (for example, income which is considered 
to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes).  
 
For individual holders of Notes, interest income and capital gains are normally subject to a 30 percent flat tax 
rate. A loss from a disposal or redemption of the Notes may normally constitute a fully or partially deductible 
capital loss under certain conditions. 
 
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled in Sweden, 
including a Swedish branch, or a clearing institution within the EEA, to a private individual (or an estate of a 
deceased individual) with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are 
normally withheld by the legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should normally also be 
withheld on other returns on Notes (however not capital gains), if the return is paid out together with such 
payment of interest as referred to above. 
 
Taxation of Swedish resident corporate entities 
 
As a general rule, Swedish corporate entity holders of Notes with residence in Sweden for tax purposes will 
be subject to a corporate income tax rate of 20.6 percent (as of 1 January 2021) on its taxable business income 
including all capital income (for example, income which is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes 
and received from the disposal or redemption of Notes). Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain 
categories of corporations, for example financial institutions holding the Notes as inventory (Sw. 
lagertillgångar) and life insurance companies. A loss from a disposal or redemption of the Notes may normally

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
constitute a deductible capital loss under certain conditions. Moreover, specific tax consequences may be 
applicable in relation to any currency exchange gains or losses.  
 
Taxation of non-Swedish residents 
 
Noteholders who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes and who do not engage in trade or business 
through a permanent establishment in Sweden will generally not be taxable in Sweden for  
any amount which is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes or for gains on the disposal or 
redemption of the Notes.  
Non-Swedish resident Noteholders who engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment in 
Sweden, which the Notes are effectively connected with, will normally be subject to similar Swedish taxes on 
payments in respect of the Notes and gains realised on the disposal or redemption of the Notes as Swedish 
resident holders of Notes. 
 
Transfer tax 
 
Transfers of the Notes are not subject to Swedish transfer tax.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
(a) the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 of the Issuer set out on pages 43 to 122 (inclusive) of the 
Issuer’s Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2020  
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/result/arsredovisn2020en.pdf 
 
(b)  the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021 of the Issuer set out on pages 49 to 128 (inclusive) of the 
Issuer’s Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2021 
  
https://www.alandsbanken.fi/uploads/pdf/result/arsredovisn2021en.pdf  
 
(c) The Capital and Risk Management Report 2021  
 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/result/capital-and-risk-management-report_2021en.pdf 
and  
 
(d) the unaudited consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 as set 
out on pages 8 to 29 (inclusive) and the financial summary set out on page 2 of the Issuer´s interim 
report for the nine months ended 30 September 2022 
 
https://www.alandsbanken.ax/uploads/pdf/result/en_resultat_jan-sep_22.pdf 
(e) the terms and conditions (the 2013 Conditions) of the notes set out on pages 38 to 63 (inclusive) in 
the offering circular dated 27 June 2013 prepared by the Issuer in connection with its euro medium 
term note and covered bond programme (the 2013 EMTN & Covered Bond Programme); 
https://www.alandsbanken.ax/uploads/pdf/England/Offering_Circular_Alandsbanken_2013.pdf 
(f) the terms and conditions (the 2015 Conditions) of the notes set out on pages 35 to 72 (inclusive) in 
the offering circular dated 30 September 2015 prepared by the Issuer in connection with its euro 
medium term note and covered bond programme (the 2015 EMTN & Covered Bond Programme); 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/Offering_Circular_Alandsbanken_2015.pdf 
(g) the terms and conditions (the 2018 Conditions) of the notes set out on pages 31 to 52 (inclusive) in 
the base prospectus dated 5 October 2018 prepared by the Issuer in connection with its euro medium 
term note and covered bond programme (the 2018 EMTN & Covered Bond Programme); and 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/Offering_Circular_Alandsbanken_2018.pdf 
(h) the terms and conditions (the 2020 Conditions) of the notes set out on pages 32 to 59 (inclusive) in 
the base prospectus dated 10 March 2020 prepared by the Issuer in connection with its euro medium 
term note, covered bond and tier 2 note programme (the 2020 EMTN & Covered Bond & Tier 2 
Note Programme). 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/Offering_Circular_Alandsbanken_2020.pdf 
 
The 2013 EMTN & Covered Bond Programme, 2015 EMTN & Covered Bond Programme. 2018 EMTN & 
Covered Bond Programme and 2020 EMTN & Covered Bond & Tier 2 Note Programme together, the 
“Outstanding Covered Bond Programmes” and the 2013 Conditions, 2015 Conditions, 2018 Conditions

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
and 2020 Conditions together, the “Outstanding Covered Bond Conditions”. 
 
The document is available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/financial-
information/financial-reports 
 
The documents are available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-
investors/debt-programme.  
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to above are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The United States, Australia, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore and Certain Other 
Jurisdictions 
The Notes will not be offered to persons who are residents of the United States, Australia, Japan, Canada, 
Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore or any jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
or any State Securities Commission in the United States or any other regulatory authority in the United States 
nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the securities or the accuracy 
of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 (as amended), or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may 
not be offered, sold, exercised, pledged, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United 
States except in transactions exempt from registration under the US Securities Act. The Notes are being offered 
and sold outside the United States in compliance with Regulation S. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in or outside the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Mediation Directive 2002/92/EC (as 
amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
if the Notes have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), not a qualified investor as defined in Prospectus Regulation (EU)2017/1129 (as 
amended including by the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer appointed for each issuance will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are subject of 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to any 
retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of 
its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will 
obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer or any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Issuer 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Registration number: 0145019-3 
Nygatan 2 
PB 3 
AX-22101 Mariehamn, Finland 
Tel: 0204 29 011 
Fax: 0204 291 228 
info@alandsbanken.fi 
www.alandsbanken.fi 
Arranger 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Nygatan 2 
PB 3 
AX-22101 Mariehamn, Finland 
Auditor of the Issuer 
 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
Auditors 
The following auditors have audited the Issuer’s accounts in accordance with the International Standards on 
Auditing for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
Marcus Tötterman 
Mari Suomela 
Fredrik Westerholm  
Authorised Public Accountant, 
KHT 
Authorised Public Accountant, 
KHT 
Authorised Public Accountant, 
KHT 
KPMG Oy Ab  
KPMG Oy Ab 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
 
The following auditors have audited the Issuer’s accounts in accordance with the International Standards on 
Auditing for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Marcus Tötterman 
Fredrik Westerholm 
Jessica Björkgren 
Authorised Public Accountant, 
KHT 
Authorised Public Accountant, 
KHT 
Authorised Public Accountant, 
KHT 
KPMG Oy Ab  
KPMG Oy Ab 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
The following auditors have audited the Issuer’s accounts in accordance with the International Standards on 
Auditing for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Marcus Tötterman 
Fredrik Westerholm 
Henri Maarla 
Authorised Public Accountant, 
KHT 
Authorised Public Accountant, 
KHT 
Authorised Public Accountant, 
KHT 
KPMG Oy Ab  
KPMG Oy Ab 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
 
The Annual General Meeting on March 30, 2022 re-elected Fredrik Westerholm, Authorised Public 
Accountants (KHT) and Henry Maarala, Authorised Public Accountant (KHT) as auditors for a term of office 
that shall run until the end of the next annual general meeting. The Annual General Meeting on March 30, 
2022 elected Sandra Eriksson, Authorised Public Accountant (KHT), for a term of office that shall run until 
the end of the next annual general meeting. 
The Annual General Meeting on March 30, 2022 re-elected KPMG Oy Ab as deputy auditor for a term of 
office that shall run until the end of the next annual general meeting. 
Documents available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the Issuer’s articles of 
association, trade register extract and the information incorporated by reference (see “Information 
Incorporated by Reference”) are available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is available at https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/financial-information/debt-
programme. 
No incorporation of website information 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published on Ålandsbanken’s website at 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/financial-information/debt-programme. However, the contents of 
Ålandsbanken’s website (excluding the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the information 
incorporated by reference) or any other website do not form a part of this Base Prospectus, and prospective 
investors should not rely on such information in making their decision to invest in the Notes. 
Information derived from third party sources 
Where certain information contained in this Base Prospectus has been derived from third party sources, such 
sources have been identified herein. The Issuer confirms that such third party information has been accurately 
reproduced herein. In addition, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Yield 
In relation to fixed interest rate Notes issued at an issue price which is fixed, an indication of yield in respect 
of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
Notes on the basis of the relevant issue price and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Litigation 
Since 2017 the Bank of Åland has had a pending case with the Swedish Tax Agency concerning value-added 
tax (VAT) for the financial year 2016. The Tax Agency has announced a decision on the matter, in which it 
states that the Bank of Åland must pay about EUR 0.5 M in VAT. The Bank of Åland does not agree with the 
Tax Agency’s assessment and will appeal the Administrative Court’s negative ruling of December 2021. A 
provision for half the amount has been made as a tax expense in the financial accounts.  
There are no nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date 
of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
Material contracts 
To the best of Ålandsbanken’s knowledge, there are no other material contracts entered into outside the 
ordinary course of Ålandsbanken’s business, which could result in any group member being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to Ålandsbanken’s ability to meet its obligation to security holders in 
respect of the securities being issued. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Dealers appointed under the Programme and their affiliates may engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with the Issuer and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
ISSUER 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Nygatan 2 
AX-22 100 Mariehamn 
Finland 
 
 
AUDITOR 
 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki  
Finland 
 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Nygatan 2 
AX-22 100 Mariehamn 
Finland