--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
26 September 2024 
 
 
 
 
ÅLANDSBANKEN ABP 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Finland) 
 
EUR 2,000,000,000 
Senior Preferred Note and Covered Bond Programme 
Under this EUR 2,000,000,000 Senior Preferred Note and Covered Bond Programme (the Programme), Ålandsbanken Abp (Ålandsbanken or the 
Issuer) may from time to time issue (i) senior preferred notes (Senior Preferred Notes) and (ii) covered bonds under the Finnish Act on Mortgage 
Credit Banks and Covered Bonds (laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista, 151/2022) (as amended or as replaced) (the CBA) (CBA 
Covered Bonds), each as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Senior Preferred Notes and CBA Covered Bonds together the 
Notes). The Notes may be denominated in EUR or SEK as specified in the final terms (the Final Terms).  
The Programme provides that the Notes may be listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (the Helsinki Stock 
Exchange) as specified in the Final Terms of the relevant series of Notes (each a Series). Each Series of Notes may comprise one or more tranches of 
Notes (each a Tranche). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes.  
This base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) should be read and construed together with any supplement or update hereto and with any other information 
incorporated by reference herein and, with the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Notes (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”).  
Besides filing this Base Prospectus with the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the FIN-FSA) for the purposes of facilitating a potential listing 
of Notes on the Helsinki Stock Exchange, the Issuer has not taken any action, nor will it take any action, to render the public offer of the Notes or their 
possession, or the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other documents relating to the Notes admissible in any jurisdiction requiring special 
measures to be taken for the purpose of a public offer.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities 
laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. This Base Prospectus or the Final Terms are not to be distributed to the United States 
or in any other jurisdiction where it would be unlawful.   
An investment in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term deposit rating of A3 by Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB (Moody’s). Moody’s is established in the 
European Union (the EU) and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or as replaced) (the CRA Regulation). As such, 
Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation. The Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by Moody’s or unrated or by some other credit rating agency. Where a Series 
of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency. 
Arranger

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
In this Base Prospectus, the terms Ålandsbanken and the Issuer refer to Ålandsbanken Abp, the term Group refers to Ålandsbanken 
and its consolidated subsidiaries, the term Arranger refers to Ålandsbanken Abp in its capacity as the arranger of the Programme and 
the term Dealer refers to any bank acting as dealer in relation to a Tranche of Notes. The term Noteholder refers to the holders of the 
Notes from time to time. Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed thereto in section “General Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base Prospectus. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the Prospectus Regulation), 
the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as amended), in application of Annexes 7 and 15 thereof, the Finnish Securities 
Market Act (arvopaperimarkkinalaki 2012/746) (as amended) and the regulations and guidelines of the FIN-FSA, if applicable. The 
FIN-FSA, which is the competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in Finland, has approved this Base Prospectus 
(journal number FIVA/2024/1393). The FIN-FSA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation, but assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the 
information contained herein. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the qualities of any Notes 
issued under this Base Prospectus.  
 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in securities. 
 
Without prejudice to any obligation of Ålandsbanken to publish a supplement to prospectus pursuant to applicable rules and regulations, 
neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale or delivery made hereunder shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Ålandsbanken since the date of the Base Prospectus or that the information 
herein is correct as of any time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is valid for one year from 26 
September 2024 and is thus expiring on 26 September 2025. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant 
new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base 
Prospectus replaces the Issuer’s previous base prospectus dated 22 February 2023. 
 
No Dealer has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any Dealer as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any of the Notes (i) is intended 
to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase 
any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person 
to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or 
sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer represents that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating 
any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or any Dealer which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus may come should inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (the EEA), 
Australia, Canada, Great Britain, Hong Kong, Japan and Singapore (see “Selling Restrictions”). The Notes are governed by Finnish 
law, except for the registration of Notes in Euroclear Sweden, which shall be governed by Swedish law, and any disputes relating to 
the Notes shall be settled by Finnish courts in accordance with Finnish law.  
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English only. In accordance with an exemption set out in Article 7(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, no summary has been prepared.

--- Page 3 ---
1 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................... II 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ................................................................................................................................... 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................. 2 
RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 7 
IMPORTANT NOTICES TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ........................................................................ 21 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS.............................................................................................................................. 23 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................... 29 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 44 
SUMMARY OF THE GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK ........................................................................... 45 
DESCRIPTION OF ÅLANDSBANKEN ........................................................................................................ 47 
MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................................. 52 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT ................................................................................................................. 57 
FINNISH COVERED BOND ACT ................................................................................................................. 59 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL ................................................................................ 65 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS .................................................................................................................. 66 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 67 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 70 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ............................................................................................................................ 72 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 75

--- Page 4 ---
2 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Issuer: 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
 
Issuer’s LEI: 
7437006WYM821IJ3MN73 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure 
of a particular Series of Notes (including certain risks specific 
to the CBA Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme, 
certain market risks and risks relating to the illiquidity of the 
Notes. All of these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
 
Description: 
Senior Preferred Note and CBA Covered Bond Programme 
 
Arranger: 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
 
Dealers: 
Specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Issuer and Paying Agent: 
Specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Programme size: 
Up to EUR 2,000,000,000. The Issuer may increase the 
maximum amount.  
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed outside the United States to, or for 
the account or benefit of, persons other than U.S. Persons (as 
such term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
by way of private or public placement and in each case on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies: 
EUR or SEK. 
 
Term of the Notes: 
Term of the Notes is for Senior Preferred Notes and CBA 
Covered Bonds a minimum of one (1) year. 
 
Extendible obligation: 
An Extended Maturity Date may apply to a Series of CBA 
Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Extended Maturity Date in relation to CBA Covered 
Bonds: 
If “Extended Maturity” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, it enables the Issuer, at the latest on the 
fifth (5th) Business Day before the Maturity Date, to apply for 
the approval of the FIN-FSA that the Maturity Date of the 
Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered Bonds will 
be due and repayable for the purposes of the General Terms 
and Conditions be extended by the Issuer up to but no later than 
the Extended Maturity Date. The FIN-FSA shall grant the 
approval for the extension of maturity if the following 
conditions are met: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer is unable to obtain long-term financing 
from ordinary sources;

--- Page 5 ---
3 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer is unable to meet the liquidity 
requirement set out in the CBA if it makes 
payments towards the principal and interest of 
the maturing Covered Bonds; and  
 
(iii) 
the extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds 
does not affect the sequence in which the Issuer’s 
Covered Bonds from the same Cover Asset Pool 
are maturing. 
 
In the event of a bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer, the 
bankruptcy administrator and the liquidator in the liquidation 
have, pursuant to the CBA, at the request or with the consent 
of the supervisor, the right to apply for the approval of the FIN-
FSA to extend the Maturity Date up to but no later than the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
 
Issue price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is fixed or floating, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in book-entry form in the book-entry 
system of Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest: 
The Notes may be issued as fixed interest rate, floating interest 
rate or zero-coupon Notes, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing. Zero coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount, at par or premium to their nominal amount and will 
not bear interest. 
 
Use of Benchmark: 
Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference 
to EURIBOR or STIBOR to the extent floating rate interest is 
applicable according to the Final Terms. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is the 
European Money Market Institute (EMMI). EMMI is 
registered in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
maintained by European Securities and Market Authority 
(ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) no 
2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance 
of 
investment 
funds 
(the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation, BMR). EURIBOR is now considered compliant 
according to the Benchmarks Regulation and has been added 
to the European Securities and Markets Authority’s (ESMA) 
Benchmark Register. 
 
The administrator of STIBOR is the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility (SFBF), a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Swedish Bankers’ Association. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the SFBF is included in the European Securities 
and Markets Authority’s register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.  
 
Categories of covered bonds: 
CBA Covered Bonds are secured by the CBA Cover Asset 
Pool. 
 
Liquidity reserve: 
Under the CBA, the Issuer is required to ensure that a cover 
asset pool continuously contains certain types of liquid funds 
in an amount which covers the maximum net outflow relating 
to covered bonds over the coming 180 days' period. The CBA

--- Page 6 ---
4 
 
allows for using an extended maturity date in the determination 
of net liquidity outflow. 
 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following an Event 
of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer upon giving not less than 30 days’ but not more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, prior to such stated 
maturity.  
 
The redemption amount will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
The minimum denomination of each Note will be EUR 
100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in SEK, the 
equivalent amount in SEK). 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 13. In the event 
that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 13, be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
 
Negative pledge: 
None. 
 
Cross default: 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes (but not the CBA 
Covered Bonds) will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 11. 
 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
The 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and unguaranteed 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by mandatory law) equally with all other 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and unguaranteed 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
 
Status of the CBA Covered Bonds: 
The CBA Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer 
which benefit from the same priority right in accordance with 
the CBA.  
 
To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in relation to the 
CBA Covered Bonds and claims of other creditors having the 
same priority in accordance with the CBA are not fully met out 
of the assets of the Issuer that are covered in accordance with 
the CBA, the residual claims of the Noteholders of the CBA 
Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer including but not 
limited to the obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
Green Bonds: 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may 
provide that the Issuer will apply the proceeds from the issue 
of the Notes to finance or refinance projects and activities that 
purport to satisfy certain eligibility requirements determined 
by Issuer, promote climate resilient and sustainable economies 
or environmental and climate-friendly improvements or to

--- Page 7 ---
5 
 
other environmental and sustainable purposes (Green Assets 
and thereto related Notes, Green Bonds). The criteria for the 
Green Assets to be financed or refinanced are described in the 
Ålandsbanken’s Green Finance Framework, which is 
consistent with the Green Bond Principles administered by the 
International Capital Market Association (“ICMA) and may be 
updated from time to time. Ålandsbanken’s Green Finance 
Framework is summarised in the chapter “Summary of the 
Green Finance Framework”. 
 
Authorisation: 
The Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 26 September 2024. 
 
Rating: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A Series of Notes may be rated or unrated. If a Series of Notes 
to be issued under the Programme is to be rated, the rating will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been 
assigned a long-term deposit rating of A3 by Moody’s. The 
Issuer’s CBA Covered Bonds are rated AAA by Moody’s. 
 
There is no guarantee that the rating of the Issuer or the 
Covered Bonds assigned by Moody’s will be maintained 
following the date of this Base Prospectus or that any other 
rating of any Series of Notes will be obtained or maintained. 
The Issuer may seek to obtain ratings from other credit rating 
agencies. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning credit rating agency. 
Further issues: 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders create and issue further Notes and other debt 
securities having the same terms and conditions as any Notes 
in all respects. 
 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time 
repurchase the Senior Preferred Notes or the Covered Bonds at 
any price in the open market or otherwise. The Senior 
Preferred Notes or the Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, 
resold or cancelled at the Issuer’s discretion. 
 
Listing: 
The Notes may be applied for listing on the Helsinki Stock 
Exchange. Unlisted Notes can also be issued. 
 
Governing law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, Finnish law, except for the 
registration of Notes in Euroclear Sweden, which shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
 
Selling restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes, see “Selling Restrictions”.

--- Page 8 ---
6 
 
RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Ålandsbanken Abp has prepared the Base Prospectus and Ålandsbanken accepts responsibility regarding the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of Ålandsbanken the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Mariehamn, Finland

--- Page 9 ---
7 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in Notes involves risk, some of which may be significant. When purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that 
the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide 
range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in 
respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, 
as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may 
become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control. However, the Issuer believes that the 
factors described below represent the principal material risks inherent in investing in the Notes currently known to the 
Issuer. 
The risk factors are presented below in the following categories:  
 
A. Risks relating to macroeconomic conditions 
B. Risks related to the Issuer´s business activities and industry 
C. Regulatory risks 
D. Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme 
E. Risks related to the CBA Covered Bonds 
F. Risks related to Green Bonds 
G. Risks related to the Notes generally 
H. Risks related to the market generally 
 
While the categories are not presented in any order of materiality, within each risk category the most material risks, in 
the assessment of the Issuer, taking into account the negative impact on the Issuer and the probability of their occurrence, 
are presented first. However, the order in which the risk factors are presented after the first risk factor in each category 
is not intended to reflect either the relative probability or the potential impact of their materialization.  
Should one or more of the risk factors described herein materialise, it may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business and financial condition, and thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as 
the market price and value of the Notes. As a result, investors may lose part of or all of their investment. 
A. Risks relating to macroeconomic conditions 
Macroeconomic conditions and development in Finland, Sweden and globally can adversely affect the Group’s banking 
business, results of operations and liquidity.  
 
For example, geopolitical risks and inflation comprise key risks and uncertainty factors pertaining to macroeconomic 
conditions. The uncertainty relating to the financial markets may create economic and financial disruptions and even a 
financial crisis. As the interest rates and state debt levels remain high, it is possible that the global economy will fall into 
a recession. The Group’s performance is significantly influenced by macroeconomic conditions and developments in 
Finland, Sweden and globally. Relevant macroeconomic factors to the Group are, without limitations, housing and 
commercial properties’ market development in Finland and Sweden, unemployment ratios in both countries, development 
of interest rates and development of households’ disposable income and development of global and domestic economic 
and financial markets.  
 
Inflation in Finland and in the eurozone has stabilized during 2024. Inflation was fuelled by the rapid surge in aggregate 
demand in the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic as well as supply chain constrains affecting aggregate supply. 
Russia’s illegal and unprovoked invasion in Ukraine and the subsequent significant increase in energy prices further 
fuelled inflation. Inflation levels can affect all sectors of the economy. Acceleration in global, European and Nordic 
inflation levels have led central banks to take action in form of interest rate hikes during 2022 and 2023. In June 2024, 
the ECB cut rates by 25 basis points. The ECB is expected to continue to cut policy rates using a data-based approach. 
There is nonetheless uncertainty regarding the ECB’s rate trajectory.   
 
In recent years, housing and residential property values have declined in both Finland and Sweden. The majority of the 
housing and residential property collateral of the mortgage loans granted by the Issuer is located in major cities and 
growth centres, where housing and residential property values have declined from peaks in early 2022.The value of 
housing and residential property located in growth centres may in the future generally decline, or certain residential areas 
or districts may become less attractive leading to a decline in the values of the housing and residential property in such 
areas thereby reducing the value of the collateral of the Issuer. Centralization of the property could also constitute a risk 
factor if values in growth centres were to decline. Macroeconomic adverse changes could affect debtors’ economic

--- Page 10 ---
8 
 
situation and, consequently, their ability to fulfil their credit obligations towards the Issuer. It could also have an adverse 
effect on the development on the residential markets and commercial real estate markets, which form majority of the 
securities for the Issuer’s credits. 
 
In general, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the EU’s sanctioning of Russia as well as the Middle Eastern conflict led to 
a more volatile and unpredictable global economy and financial market. The effects of these geopolitical developments 
are likely to affect Finland considerably, due to the close geographical proximity between Finland and Russia and due to 
the significant trade share Finland held with Russia prior to sanctions. Sanctions and countersanctions affect Finnish 
industry and exports considerably, once again putting pressure on national and global productions chains. The Middle 
Eastern conflict could lead to adverse effects on the global economy and financial markets, for example through inflatory 
pressure driven by volatility within oil exports from the region.  
 
Changes in macroeconomic or geopolitical stability, for example the deterioration of the general security situation in 
Europe due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the associated increasing financial uncertainty may lead to adverse effects 
on the general economic situation of both Europe and Finland and may increase the number of defaults and credit losses. 
The demand for the Group’s banking services and financial products could decrease, potentially affecting the Group’s 
results and financing costs adversely. Market fluctuations and volatility may also adversely affect the Issuer’s commission 
income from asset management. Interest income could also decrease in the event of a deteriorating general economic and 
security situation.   
Macroeconomic adverse changes could affect debtors’ economic situation and, consequently, their ability to fulfil their 
credit obligations towards the Issuer. It could also have an adverse effect on the development on the residential markets 
and commercial real estate markets, which form majority of the securities for the Issuer’s credits.  
Any future resurgences of the Covid-19 pandemic or outbreaks of a new pandemic could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and could have an adverse impact of the Group’s 
ability to access capital or liquidity. 
 
Adverse changes in the macroeconomic conditions and more specifically on the housing markets and commercial 
properties could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s cover asset pool. Under the CBA, the CBA Covered Bonds shall 
be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. The Issuer has one cover asset pool in place for the CBA 
Covered Bonds issued under this Programme and in accordance with the CBA (The CBA Cover Asset Pool) (see 
“Characteristics of the Cover Asset Pool”). The cover asset pool includes loans mostly secured by housing properties 
located in Finland. Accordingly, the credit quality of the cover asset pool could be adversely affected by adverse 
developments especially in the housing markets of Finland. If the market values of housing properties decrease 
significantly, the loan to value ratio in the cover asset pool, the loans past due volume as well as the amount of impaired 
loans can rise. If one or more of these occur, the over-collateralization requirement applied by any relevant rating agency 
in respect of the cover asset pool or covered bonds of the Issuer could be increased. See also “Credit risk relating to 
housing loans and corporations”. 
B. Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
Credit risk related to housing loans and loans to corporations 
Credit risk is the risk that the Issuer will incur losses due to its borrowers’ inability to meet their obligations to the Issuer 
as they fall due. Adverse changes in the creditworthiness of the Issuer’s borrowers or any reduction in the value of 
collateral or other security obtained by the Issuer may have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s financial results. Credit 
risks may also adversely impact the Issuer´s creditworthiness. 
 
In the half-year ended 30 June 2024, 48 per cent of the Group’s income constitutes of its net interest income, strongly 
affected by Group’s lending business. The Issuer mainly provides credits to private individuals with sound financial status 
who often are entrepreneurs and business owners and who value personal service from the Issuer. Loans in general are 
not granted as a stand-alone product, but mainly as part of a long-term customer relationship and to support the Issuer’s 
financial investment business. As far as possible, loans shall be secured by either a real estate or securities and it is always 
required that there are steady cash flows that ensure the customer’s ability to repay the debt.  
The credit risk of the Group is comprised primarily of claims against private individuals. As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s 
total lending was EUR 3,530 million, of which approximately 73 per cent constituted loans to private individuals or 
households. The Group therefore has significant exposure to individuals and households. Individuals’ and households’ 
creditworthiness are affected by a variety of factors such as the state of the economy in general, adverse changes in the 
level of employment and real estate values. As of 30 June 2024, total lending in Sweden was EUR 822 million, or

--- Page 11 ---
9 
 
approximately 23 per cent of the total lending of the Group, with the remaining balance of lending being in Finland. The 
exposure of the Group is, therefore, also particularly concentrated in Finland and Sweden. 
Any economic downturn in the Group’s core markets of Finland and Sweden, with falls in house and property prices and 
increases in unemployment, could adversely affect the Group’s home loans portfolio and generate increases in impairment 
losses.  In addition, the effects of declining property values on the wider economy are also likely to contribute to higher 
default rates and impairment losses on the Group’s loans. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s total lending to corporate and other institutional customers was EUR 967 million. The 
Group’s exposure to corporate and other institutional customers is subject to adverse changes in their credit quality, 
whether as a result of for example a global financial crisis, a European sovereign debt crisis or for other reasons. 
 
The Group monitors the impact of the on-going Middle Eastern conflict as well as Russia’s war of invasion in Ukraine 
and how they affect the quality in lending operations. The Group also monitors any future resurgences of the Covid-19 
pandemic or outbreaks of a new pandemic and how they affect the quality in lending operations. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit concentration risks 
Because of the customer target group, the Issuer has selected private individuals with sound financial status who are often 
entrepreneurs and business owners, the Issuer’s credit exposure to individual customer entities can be relatively large in 
relation to its capital base. In rapidly deteriorating economic environment combined with declining prices on real estate 
and securities, the default of one or more of the largest credit customers could lead to material credit losses. 
Within its corporate lending segment, the Issuer has a large concentration in the real estate segment in Finland and 
Sweden. Specifically, lending towards the Swedish commercial real estate segment is considered to be an increased credit 
concentration risk. In its Finnish credit portfolio, lending towards the shipping industry is also viewed as a risk segment 
with historic increased credit provisioning during recent years. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of increased credit provisioning  
Amount of credit losses vary over the business cycle and there is a risk of increased credit losses in the current economic 
environment. As European markets remain challenging, credit risk associated with certain borrowers and counterparties 
in these markets remains increased. 
The Group’s accrued net impairment loss on loans and other commitments was EUR 1.7 million as of 30 June 2024 as 
compared to EUR 2.2 million in the year ended 31 December 2023. The Group had as of 30 June 2024 EUR 21.1 million 
in impairment loss provisions as compared to EUR 20.5 million as of 31 December 2023. The Group maintains allowances 
for loan losses to cover estimated probable incurred credit impairments inherent in its loan portfolio. The Group’s 
calculation of the allowance for losses on loans is based on, among other things, its analysis of current and historical 
delinquency rates and loan management, its customers’ likely repayment capacity and the valuation of the underlying 
assets, as well as numerous other management assumptions. These internal analyses and assumptions may give rise to 
inaccurate predictions of credit performance. 
Any material increase in impairment loss on loans and other commitments could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operations, and, thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Programme as well as the market 
price and value of the Notes. The Group now calculates an expected credit loss figure for all assets within its lending and 
treasury operations according to IFRS9 and regulatory expected loss according to internal credit risk models (IRB). In 
addition to increased impairments for defaulted receivables deteriorating creditworthiness of not yet defaulted receivables 
could lead to increased credit provisioning. The risk is considered to be material since the calculations of expected credit 
losses covers a large part of the balance sheet. 
Credit risk related to counterparties 
Within its treasury operations, the Issuer has large exposures against its financial counterparties on a regular basis. The 
Issuer applies a strict policy regarding it’s accepted counterparties and to certain extent relies on external credit judgments 
(i.e. external credit ratings) when assessing credit risks. Any failure in these external assessments to adequately capture 
the credit risk could lead to material credit losses. 
The Issuer routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and 
dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and corporate clients. Many of these

--- Page 12 ---
10 
 
transactions expose the Issuer to the risk that the Issuer’s counterparty in a foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity, 
equity or credit derivative contract defaults on its obligations prior to maturity when the Issuer has an outstanding claim 
against that counterparty. Due to the increased volatility in foreign exchange and fixed income markets in recent years, 
this risk has increased. This credit risk may also be exacerbated when the collateral held by the Issuer cannot be realised 
or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the counterparty exposure. 
Risk relating to the assets managed by the Issuer 
The amount of managed assets was as of 30 June 2024 EUR 10,343 million. If the value of the assets that are managed 
by the Issuer in the mutual funds or in the asset management decreased substantially due to the market conditions, if the 
development of the value of the assets was unsatisfactory or if success of the Issuer´s asset management deteriorated, 
there could be a risk that clients decrease their investments or transfer their assets to another service provider and that the 
Issuer could not acquire new clients or more assets from its present clients. This could lead to decreased provisions from 
asset management and adverse development of the asset management business. Negative value development or adverse 
success of asset management could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s results. 
Materialised liquidity risk would cause inability to meet payment obligations 
The Group is exposed to the risk of not being able to meet its obligations as they fall due or only being able to meet its 
liquidity commitments at an increased cost. 
Liquidity risk consists of refinancing risk and market liquidity risk. Refinancing risk is the risk of not being able to fulfil 
payment obligations on the maturity date without a substantial increase in the cost of obtaining the means of payment. 
Market liquidity risk refers to the risk of not being able to sell positions at expected market prices, in situation where the 
market is not liquid enough or is not functioning due to disruptions. 
Since the Issuer strives not to rely on other funding sources than customer deposits and covered bonds, a substantial part 
of the Group’s liquidity and funding requirements are met through reliance on customer deposits, as well as ongoing 
access to wholesale lending markets, including issuance of long-term debt market instruments such as covered bonds.  
As of 30 June 2024, deposits from the public accounted for 81 per cent of the Group’s external funding sources (aside 
from equity capital). Should the Group encounter a significant outflow of deposits, the Group’s funding structure would 
change substantially, and its average cost of funding would most likely increase. The volume of long-term funding may 
be constrained during periods of liquidity stress. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely 
affect the Group’s liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with the Group. 
This might jeopardise the Group’s liquidity, and the Group could be unable to meet its current and future cash flow and 
collateral needs, both expected and unexpected. Such events or a general decline in the Group’s liquidity may adversely 
affect the availability and price of the Group’s funding and, as a consequence, have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operations, thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Programme as well as the market 
price and value of the Notes. 
In order to ensure access to liquidity even during periods without external borrowing opportunities, the Issuer has a 
liquidity reserve and a well-diversified instrument and maturity structure on its borrowing. The quality of the Issuer’s 
liquidity reserve and liquidity position is measured with the key ratios Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable 
Funding Ratio (NSFR). As of 30 June 2024, the LCR amounted to 157 per cent and the NSFR to 122 per cent. 
Materialised market risk could cause possible write-downs and result in financial losses 
Market risk is the risk of losses due to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices. The Group’s 
market risk is mainly represented in terms of interest rate risk due to differences in the interest rate refixing periods and 
repricing dates between its lending and funding and its treasury operations in which it holds investment and liquidity 
portfolios for its own account. The Issuer does not trade for its own account. 
The Group earns interest from loans and other assets and pays interest to its depositors and other creditors. The net effect 
of changes to the Group’s net interest income depends on the relative levels of assets and liabilities that are affected by 
changes in interest rates. The Group is exposed to structural interest income risk when there is a mismatch between the 
interest rate re-pricing periods, volumes or reference rates of its assets, liabilities and derivatives. This mismatch in any 
given period in the event of changes in interest rates could lead to significant losses or protracted periods of low 
profitability or losses. Adverse movements in interest rates or other market prices could therefore have a material adverse

--- Page 13 ---
11 
 
effect on the Group’s results of operations and, thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Programme 
as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
To the extent volatile market conditions persist or recur, the fair value of the Group’s assets could fall substantially and 
cause the Issuer or other members of the Group to write-down values. In addition, because the Group’s investment income 
from assets held in its liquidity portfolio depends to a great extent on the performance of financial markets, volatile market 
conditions could result in a significant decline in the Group’s investment income or result in a loss. 
The Issuer is exposed to foreign exchange risk 
 
The Issuer´s operations occur mainly in its two (2) base currencies, Euros and Swedish kronor, and a limited proportion 
of its lending and deposits occurs in other currencies, creating a certain foreign exchange risk. To control the foreign 
exchange risk exposure, measured as the aggregated net position (sum of the absolute amounts for each individual net 
position), limits are set out by the Issuer’s Board of Directors. 
The Issuer also has a structural foreign exchange risk in Swedish kronor since the Issuer’s financial accounts are prepared 
in euros while the reporting currency of its Swedish branch is Swedish kronor. The structural foreign exchange risk 
exposures arise mainly due to accrued profits/losses in the branch as well as the branch’s endowment capital in Swedish 
kronor. The Issuer is therefore exposed to adverse exchange rate movements between SEK and EUR.  
A significant movement in the SEK and EUR exchange rate could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s balance 
sheet positions.  
Materialisation of operational risks could result in financial losses 
The Group has defined tolerance levels for realised operational risks and the events and losses are reported monthly to 
the Group’s Executive Management. The most critical functions are regularly assessing their operational risks and the 
most essential risks are presented to the Issuer’s Executive Management at least yearly. The operational risk losses have 
historically been low in the Group. 
 
The Group depends on information technology to manage critical business processes. IT development is an ongoing 
process and most of the development is done by the Group’s subsidiary Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd. There is a 
risk for disruptions or failure due to implementation of systems which may cause errors and therefore, possible losses. 
Although the Group has implemented risk controls and taken other actions to mitigate exposures and/or losses, there can 
be no assurance that such procedures will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by the Group, or 
that the Group’s reputation will not be damaged by the occurrence of any operational risks. Business expansion, mainly 
by forming new partnerships in different areas of business, increases the importance of documented and functioning 
internal routines.  
As a part of its banking and asset management activities, the Group provides its clients with investment advice and access 
to internally, as well as externally, managed funds. In the event of losses incurred by the Group’s clients due to such of 
investment advice, or an investment in such funds, such Group’s clients may seek compensation from the Group, which 
may result in losses for the Group. Such compensation might be sought even if the Group has no direct exposure to such 
risks or has not recommended such counterparties to its customers. 
 
Risk of losing key persons could have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations 
 
Financial markets are highly dependent on competent people and there is high demand for such people. Risk relating to 
losing key personnel or not being able to employ new competent people is identified within the Group being active in 
many different areas of business. The Issuer is a relatively small bank, and many functions and tasks are performed by 
less personnel than in larger banks. Losing certain people with specific skills could constitute a risk for the bank’s 
operations.  
 
Materialisation of system risks could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations 
 
Due to the dependences in the domestic and international financing, securities and capital markets the financial difficulties 
of one market participant can cause difficulties also to the other participants and to the whole market. This system risk 
could have adverse effect on the financial markets in general and consequently, on the Issuer.

--- Page 14 ---
12 
 
Reputational risk may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business 
The Group’s reputation is one of its most important assets. Reputational risk, including the risk to earnings and capital 
from negative public opinion, is inherent in the financial services business. Negative public opinion can result from any 
number of causes, including misconduct by employees, the activities of business partners over which the Group has 
limited or no control, severe or prolonged financial losses, or uncertainty about the Group’s financial soundness or 
reliability. Negative public opinion may adversely affect the Group’s ability to keep and attract customers, depositors and 
investors, as well as its relationships with regulators and the general public. The Group cannot ensure that it will be 
successful in avoiding damage to its business from reputational risk. The Group’s strategy is to be a bank for investors 
that builds and maintains customer relationships. Negative public opinion and reputational risks are likely to have 
particularly adverse effect on the Group’s ability to implement that strategy, which could have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s business. 
The Group faces competition in all markets  
There is competition for the types of banking and other products and services that the Group provides and there can be 
no assurances that the Group can maintain its competitive position. 
A key success factor in the Group’s strategy to be a bank for investors is the provision of high service levels to its Premium 
and Private Banking clients. The Group faces competition in this market in both Sweden and Finland from several smaller 
specialised firms as well as large Nordic banks. There can be no assurance that the business strategy adopted by the Group 
will be successful. If the Group’s strategy proves unsuccessful, it could lead to a decrease in market share, protracted 
periods of low profitability or losses and a deterioration of its financial condition. 
The financial services market may face significant changes due to the development of digital banking solutions, changes 
in consumer behaviour, regulatory reforms as well as new operators entering the market. The mortgage loan business in 
Finland is also competitive. Lenders advertise extensively and use targeted marketing and loyalty schemes in an effort to 
expand their presence in the market and compete for customers. If the Group is unable to provide competitive product 
and service offerings, it may fail to attract new customers, retain existing customers, experience decreases on its interest, 
fee and commission income, and/or lose market share. Competition may adversely impact the Group’s position in the 
Premium and Private Banking segments and the mortgage loan business. 
Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, and, thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Programme as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Group faces risk relating to its partner co-operations strategy 
Ålandsbanken and its information technology providing subsidiary Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd supplies platform 
solutions to Borgo AB, a Swedish mortgage company (Borgo), focusing on the financing and origination of mortgage 
loans. Borgo is jointly owned by ICA Banken, Ikano, Söderberg & Partners, Sparbanken Syd, Lån & Spar Bank and 
Ålandsbanken. In addition, the co-operation with Borgo is an important way for Ålandsbanken to implement its strategy 
of partner co-operation as it is delivering all back-office services to Borgo’s platform. A potential inability by 
Ålandsbanken to adequately provide the solutions and services may lead to delays and contractual breaches which may 
have an adverse effect on Borgo’s operations and financial results.  
 
Borgo’s management has operational responsibility for establishing and running Borgo. A potential failure in execution 
of Borgo’s strategy or false management decisions may have an adverse effect Borgo’s operations and results.  
 
Borgo intends to receive cost efficiency through scale of the operations. Funding costs and administrative costs, measured 
as basis points of mortgage volumes, are strongly linked to the size of the operations. The bigger the volume, the lower 
the cost in terms of basis points. The cost of capital is also indirectly linked to volume, since internal ratings-based models 
for calculating the capital requirement, with a current risk weight floor of 25 per cent instead of a risk weight of 35 per 
cent with the standard approach, is granted only to large actors. There is a possibility that Borgo does not reach the 
necessary business volumes needed for economies of scale which could have an adverse effect on Borgo’s funding costs, 
capital requirements and results. 
 
Ålandsbanken, being also a platform solution provider to Borgo, expects Borgo to reach scale benefits in different 
business areas, which will further benefit also Ålandsbanken’s traditional banking and IT business. If these expectations 
of Ålandsbanken concerning Borgo do not materialise, it could have an adverse effect on the results of Ålandsbanken. In 
addition, as for all shareholders, there is a risk that the market value of Borgo decreases or the profits of the shareholder 
decreases.

--- Page 15 ---
13 
 
C. Regulatory risks 
Regulatory changes may adversely affect the Group, and the Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that 
exposes it to potentially significant litigation and regulatory risks 
The Group is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and policies in Finland, Sweden and 
the EU. The Group must meet the requirements set forth in the regulations regarding, inter alia, minimum capital and 
capital adequacy, reporting with respect to financial information and financial condition, marketing and selling practices, 
advertising, terms and conduct of business and permitted investments, liabilities and payment of dividends. In addition, 
certain decisions made by the Group may require approval or notification to the relevant authorities in advance. 
Changes in supervision and regulation, particularly in Finland, could materially affect the Group’s business, the products 
and services offered or the value of its assets. Such changes in regulation and supervision may, for example, expose the 
Group to additional costs and liabilities and require it to change how it conducts business. The Group faces the risk that 
regulators may find it has failed to comply with applicable regulations or has not undertaken corrective action as required. 
Regulatory proceedings could result in adverse publicity for, or negative perceptions regarding, the Group, as well as 
diverting management's attention away from the day-to-day management of the business. A significant regulatory action 
brought by any relevant authority, such as the FIN-FSA, against the Group, could have a material adverse effect on the 
business of the Group, its results of operations and/or financial condition. This may affect the ability of the Issuer to meet 
its obligations under the Notes. 
Increased capital requirements may adversely affect the Group 
The Group must comply with numerous capital requirements and standards, see “Regulatory environment - Capital 
requirements and standards”. Any failure by the Issuer to maintain any increased regulatory capital requirements or to 
comply with any other requirements introduced by regulators could result in intervention by regulators or the imposition 
of sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s, business, financial condition and results of 
operations and may also have other effects on the Issuer’s financial performance and on the pricing of the Notes, both 
with or without the intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions. 
Finland has implemented a bank recovery and resolution directive which is intended to enable a range of actions to be 
taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. If any such action would be 
taken in respect of Ålandsbanken, it may result in the Noteholders losing some or all of their investment 
The Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms (the BRRD). The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of 
tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the 
economy and financial system. The BRRD was implemented in Finland through the Act on Resolution of Credit 
Institutions and Investment Firms (laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta, 1194/2014) (as 
amended) (the Resolution Act) and the Act on Financial Stability Authority (laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta, 
1195/2014) (as amended), together the Finnish Resolution Laws.  
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, a failing financial institution could be subject to a number of resolution tools that has 
been granted to the Finnish Financial Stability Authority (the Stability Authority). The Stability Authority has the right 
to mandatory write-down the nominal value of liabilities and convert liabilities into regulatory capital instruments (bail-
in), sale of business, bridge institution and asset separation. To continue the operations of the institution, the Stability 
Authority has the power to decide upon covering losses of the institution by reducing the value of the institution's share 
capital or cancelling its shares. 
The Stability Authority has set the minimum requirement in accordance with the Resolution Act for own funds and 
eligible liabilities that can be written down (MREL requirement) for the Issuer. The MREL requirement is 9 per cent of 
total risk-weighted assets (the TREA) and 3 per cent of leverage ratio exposures (LRE) based on TREA. The requirement 
entered into force on 1 January 2022. There can be no assurance that the Issuer would be able to raise owns funds and 
eligible liabilities to meet any MREL requirement in the required timeframe or at sustainable prices. Any failure by the 
Issuer to maintain any increased regulatory capital requirements or MREL requirement or to comply with any other 
requirements introduced by any regulator could result in intervention by regulators and/or the imposition of penalties, 
which may have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business and results of operations. 
The exercise of any resolution power or any suggestion of any such exercise could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of the Notes and could lead to Noteholders losing some or all of the value of their investment in the Notes. In

--- Page 16 ---
14 
 
particular, the exercise of the bail-in tool in respect of the Issuer and/or any instrument eligible to count towards the 
Issuer’s minimum requirement of eligible liabilities or any suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely 
affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under the Notes and could lead to the Noteholders losing some or all of the value of their investment 
in the Notes. The actual effect on Noteholders depends, among other things, on the nature and severity of the crisis. For 
more information on the Finnish Resolution Laws, see “Regulatory environment – Resolution laws”. 
A possible breach of personal data legislation may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and results of 
operations 
 
Processing of personal data (such as customer data) is part of the daily business of the Issuer. Such processing is regulated 
by the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (EU) No 2016/679 (the GDPR) and national laws providing 
strict confidentiality obligations and sector-specific data protection rules applicable to financial institutions.   
 
Privacy issues and the protection of personal data, in particular the protection of data relating to the Issuer’s customers 
and employees, are of the essence to the Issuer. However, although the Group has assessed its data protection processes 
and practices and issued related internal guidelines, it may not be able to prevent intentional or unintentional misuse of 
its systems containing personal data. Such personal data breaches may be attributable, for instance, to human error or 
faults in ICT systems or software and they may result in identity frauds or other types of misuse of personal data if, for 
instance, customer data is leaked outside the Group. 
 
A breach of data protection legislation by the Group (or its supplier) could result in administrative sanctions, claims for 
damages and/or loss of reputation and customers. The GDPR includes an extensive sanction mechanism, according to 
which breaches of the GDPR can result in administrative fines of up to 4 per cent of the worldwide annual turnover or 20 
million euros (whichever is higher). A breach of personal data legislation could, therefore, have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business and results of operations. 
D. Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit the market value of the Notes  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes, thus 
exposing the investor to the risk that it may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the redeemed Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed interest rate to a floating interest rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/floating interest rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed interest rate to a 
floating interest rate, or from a floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a 
conversion, this will affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Notes since the Issuer may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuer. If the Issuer converts from 
a fixed interest rate to a floating interest rate in such circumstances, the spread on the fixed/floating interest rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating interest rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating interest rate at any time may be lower than the interest rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating interest rate to a fixed interest rate in such circumstances, the fixed interest rate may be lower 
than then prevailing market rates. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as zero-coupon Notes) or premium to their nominal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 17 ---
15 
 
E. Risks related to the CBA Covered Bonds 
No events of default in covered bonds  
The terms and conditions of the CBA Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer and 
therefore, the Noteholders are not able to accelerate the CBA Covered Bonds. As such, it is envisaged that the Noteholders 
will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the CBA Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the 
General Terms and Conditions. 
In the event of a failure of the CBA Cover Asset Pool to meet the matching requirements, Noteholders of the CBA Covered 
Bonds may receive payments according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the relevant 
CBA Covered Bond. 
The Issuer is required under the CBA to comply with certain matching requirements as long as there is any CBA Covered 
Bond outstanding. Under the CBA, if the assets in the CBA Cover Asset Pool do not fulfil the requirements provided for 
in the CBA, the FIN-FSA may set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place more collateral in compliance with the 
CBA and the conditions of the CBA Covered Bonds. If these requirements are not complied with, the Issuer’s license for 
mortgage credit bank operations may be withdrawn. If the Issuer is placed in liquidation or declared bankrupt, and the 
requirements for the total amount of collateral of the CBA Covered Bonds in Section 24 of the CBA are not fulfilled, a 
supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA may demand that the Issuer’s bankruptcy administrator declare the CBA Covered 
Bonds due and payable and sell the assets in the CBA Cover Asset Pool. This could result in the Noteholders of CBA 
Covered Bonds receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the 
CBA Covered Bonds (with accelerations as well as delays). See “Finnish Covered Bond Act”. 
If any relevant claims in respect of CBA Covered Bonds are not met out of the CBA Cover Asset Pool, any remaining 
claims will subsequently rank pari passu with the Issuer’s obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes and other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
In the event of liquidation or the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Noteholders of CBA Covered Bonds are given statutory 
priority in relation to the assets entered into the register of covered bonds that the Issuer is required to maintain in respect 
of the relevant cover bonds (Register). In calculating the total value of the CBA Cover Asset Pool, the following 
limitations apply under the CBA: 1) at most 80 per cent of the underlying value of the shares or the real estate securing 
each housing loan; and 2) the principal of other receivables. If the proceeds from the assets in the cover asset pool are not 
sufficient to discharge the relevant covered bonds in full, the Noteholders of the relevant covered bonds will be general 
creditors in the Issuer’s bankruptcy or liquidation with no priority as to the shortfall. In such circumstances, the 
Noteholders of the relevant covered bonds may not be paid in full. See “Finnish Covered Bond Act – Quality of the Cover 
Pool Assets”. 
No market for collateral in Finland after an insolvency of the Issuer 
 
There is no assurance that there will be a trading market for the collateral in the CBA Cover Asset Pool.  
 
Liquidity post Issuer bankruptcy 
 
It is believed that neither an insolvent issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue CBA Covered Bonds. 
Under the CBA, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the consent of a supervisor appointed by the FIN-
FSA) may, however, raise liquidity through the sale of mortgage loans and other assets in the CBA Cover Asset Pool to 
fulfil the obligations relating to the CBA Covered Bonds. Further, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the 
consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may take out bankruptcy liquidity loans and enter into other 
agreements for the purpose of securing liquidity of the CBA Cover Asset Pool. Under the CBA, the Noteholders of the 
CBA Covered Bonds enjoy the first priority position. Pursuant to Section 44 of the CBA, providers of bankruptcy liquidity 
loans have a right to receive payment from the cover asset pool after the creditors specified in Section 20 of the CBA. 
However, there can be no assurance as to the actual ability of the bankruptcy estate to raise post-bankruptcy liquidity, 
which may result in a failure by the Issuer to make full and timely payments to Noteholders of CBA Covered Bonds and 
existing derivative counterparties registered in the CBA Cover Asset Pool.  
Collection of mortgage loans and default by borrowers 
The mortgage loans which secure the CBA Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on property. A borrower may 
default on its obligation under such mortgage loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. Defaults under mortgage 
loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental yield reduction (in the case of investment properties).

--- Page 18 ---
16 
 
Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment 
of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climates, regional economic or housing 
conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, 
political developments and government policies. Other factors relating to borrowers’ individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce, 
weakening of financial conditions or the results of business operations and other similar factors may lead to an increase 
in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of 
borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower or the Issuer to sell a property given as 
security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that mortgage loan will depend 
upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property 
values in general at the time. The registered value of a property in the relevant cover asset pool may be higher than the 
price for which such property can actually be sold on any given day. 
Reliance on Swap Providers 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the mortgage loans and other assets 
from time to time held by the Issuer (which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of 
interest, fixed interest rates of interest or rates of interest which track a base rate) and the interest rate(s) under the CBA 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer may from time to time enter into Swap Agreements (see “Derivative Transactions”). 
If any swap counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments under the relevant Swap Agreement, the Issuer 
will be exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless one or more replacement Interest Rate Swap 
Agreements are entered into, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make payments under the relevant covered bonds.  
Obligations may be extended 
 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the CBA, the terms and conditions of a covered bond may include a provision that enables the 
issuer to extend the maturity of a covered bond subject to certain conditions, including the approval of the FIN-FSA. In 
addition, the conditions for extension of maturity include, among others, that the issuer is unable to obtain long-term 
financing from ordinary sources, the issuer is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the CBA if it makes 
payments towards the principal and interest of the maturing covered bond and that the extension of maturity does not 
affect the sequence in which the issuer’s covered bonds from the same cover asset pool are maturing. If the FIN-FSA 
determines that the conditions for extension have been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, its resolution 
shall indicate the applied extended maturity date of such covered bonds which shall be a date on or before the final 
extended maturity date specified in the general terms and conditions. 
 
If “Extended Maturity” is specified as being applicable in respect of a Series of CBA Covered Bonds, the maturity date 
of the relevant CBA Covered Bonds may be extended subject to certain conditions, including approval of the FIN-FSA, 
specified in Condition 6.9 of the General Terms and Conditions. In the event of such extension, the Issuer may redeem 
all or any part of the nominal amount outstanding of the CBA Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any 
month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date. The extension of the maturity of the 
outstanding principal amount of the CBA Covered Bonds to a date falling after the Maturity Date will not result in any 
right of the Noteholders of CBA Covered Bonds to accelerate payments on such CBA Covered Bonds and no payment 
will be payable to the Noteholders of CBA Covered Bonds in that event other than as set out in the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
F. Risks related to Green Bonds 
Risks related to the absence of contractual obligations of the Issuer under the Notes in relation to the Green Finance 
Framework 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes of the Green Bonds will be allocated or reallocated from time to time to the 
financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of Green Assets as defined in the Final Terms and further described in 
the Ålandsbanken’s Green Finance Framework. Green Assets can be used as collateral in the Issuer’s cover asset pool 
although they can be financed with other instruments than the Issuer’s covered bonds. Pending the allocation or 
reallocation, as the case may be, of the net proceeds of the Notes to Green Assets, the Issuer will invest the balance of the 
net proceeds, at its own discretion, in green bonds, in accordance with the Bank’s internal frameworks and the 
requirements for the liquidity reserve, with a preference to GBP-aligned green bonds. The Issuer will use its best efforts 
to substitute any redeemed loans, any other form of financing that is no longer financed or refinanced by the net proceeds, 
and/or any such loans or any other form of financing which cease to be Green Assets, as soon as practicable once an 
appropriate substitution option has been identified. There is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to invest all the net

--- Page 19 ---
17 
 
proceeds in Green Assets. There is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to invest all the net proceeds in Green Assets. 
Failure to invest in Green Assets does not constitute an event of default or an obligation for the issuer to redeem the Notes.  
While it is the intention of the Bank to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Notes and obtain and 
publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the manner described in 
Chapter ‘Summary of the Green Finance Framework’, there can be no assurance that the Bank will be able to do this and 
there is no contractual or regulatory obligation to do so. Nor can there be any assurance that any Eligible Projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Bank. Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds 
of any issue of Green Notes for any Eligible Projects, or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions 
and certifications, as well as the existence of any potential mismatch between the duration of the Eligible Projects and the 
term of any Green Notes will not (i) constitute an event of default under the relevant Green Notes, or (ii) be a breach of 
contract with respect to any Green Notes or give rise to any other claim or right (including any right to accelerate the 
Notes) of a holder of such Green Notes against the Bank, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Bank to redeem such Notes 
or be a relevant factor for the Bank in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of 
any Notes. Payments of principal and interest on the Green Notes shall not depend on the performance of the relevant 
eligible assets. Failure by the issuer to provide or publish any reporting, any (impact) assessment or to obtain any (third) 
opinion or certification will not constitute an event of default under the notes or give rise to any obligation or liability of 
the issuer or other claim of noteholders against the issuer. 
Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Notes in connection with green projects, and/or any failure to 
meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to 
such Green Notes may affect the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any such Notes which are intended 
to finance Green Assets and/or result in consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. 
Risks related to the possible non-conformity of Green Bonds with investor expectations and evolving regulation 
 
It should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of what constitutes, a "green" or an equivalently 
labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or such other 
equivalent label is evolving and there is currently no market consensus. No assurance can be given that such a clear 
definition, consensus or label will develop over time or that if it does, any Green Notes will comply with such definition, 
market consensus or label. 
 
No assurance can be given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that Green Assets will meet investor expectations 
or requirements regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or similar labels (including in relation to the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic 
law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and any related technical screening 
criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation 
in the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time or that any adverse 
environmental and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any Green Assets. 
 
Any Green Notes issued under this Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond Regulation and are only 
intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Issuer’s Green Funding Framework. It is not clear if the 
establishment of the European green bond (“EuGB”) label and the optional disclosure regime for bonds issued as 
“environmentally sustainable” under the EU Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and 
pricing of green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the EuGB label or the optional disclosure regime for other 
non-labelled green bonds, such as the Green Notes issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or 
lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not 
comply with those standards proposed under the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
 
In the event that any Green Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required, or intend, to comply. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
18 
 
Any failure to meet or continue to meet investor expectations or evolving regulation regarding “green”, “sustainable”, 
“social” or similar labels (i) may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of the Notes, (ii) may have 
consequences for certain investors, in particular investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green and/or sustainable 
assets who may decide to sell the Notes, and/or (iii) may result in the delisting of the Notes from any dedicated “green” 
or “sustainable” or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market.  
Risks related to reports, assessments, opinions or certifications of any third party 
 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Bank) which may or may not be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green Notes and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil any 
environmental and/or other criteria. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Bank, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Notes. Any such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was issued and the criteria and/or considerations 
that underlie such report, assessment, opinion or certification may change at any time.  
 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Green Notes. Currently, the providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. Investors in any Green Notes shall 
have no recourse against the Issuer, the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion, report or certification for the content 
of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification. Neither the Green Bond Framework nor any of the other above 
reports, assessments, opinions or certifications are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Potential investors should be aware that if any report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party would ever 
be withdrawn, such withdrawal (i) may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of the Notes, (ii) 
may have consequences for certain investors, in particular investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets who 
may decide to sell the Notes, and/or (iii) may result in the delisting of the Notes from any dedicated “green” or 
“sustainable” or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market. 
Risks related to subordination, loss absorbency and regulatory classification 
The Green classification of a note does not affect the status of the notes in terms of subordination, loss absorbency features 
and regulatory classification as own funds or eligible liabilities instruments. The lack of Green Assets has no consequence 
on the instruments’ permanence and loss absorbency. CRR provisions ensure that in an event of bail-in, the own funds 
and eligible liabilities instruments function following the creditor’s hierarchy according to national insolvency law. This 
principle is upheld regardless of whether the bonds are labelled Green or not. 
G. Risks related to the Notes generally 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all investors  
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Modifications 
of the conditions of the Notes and other resolutions made at the Noteholders’ Meetings may not be in all Noteholders’ 
interest. 
Reliance on Euroclear Finland’s and Euroclear Sweden’s procedures 
The Notes are issued in book-entry form in the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than 
statements of account made by Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, or account operators. The Notes 
are uncertificated and dematerialised securities and title to the Notes is recorded and transfers of the Notes are affected 
only through the relevant entries in the relevant book-entry system and registers maintained by Euroclear Finland or 
Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, and account operators. Therefore, timely and successful completion of transactions 
relating to the Notes, including but not limited to transfers of, and payments made under, the Notes, depend on the relevant 
book-entry system being operational and that the relevant parties, including but not limited to the payment transfer bank 
and the account operators of the Noteholders, are functioning when transactions are executed.

--- Page 21 ---
19 
 
Consequently, in order to affect such entries, Noteholders must establish a book-entry account through a credit institution 
or a securities firm acting as an account operator with Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in law or administrative practice 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are governed by Finnish law in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, except 
for the registration of Notes in Euroclear Sweden, which will be governed by Swedish law. No assurance can be given as 
to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Finnish law or Swedish law or administrative practice after 
the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected 
by it.  
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
If in the case of any particular series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specified that the Notes are redeemable at the 
Issuer’s option or obligation in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when 
prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. The Issuer may consider it favourable to redeem the Notes when its cost 
of borrowing is lower than the interest rate of the Notes. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Any early redemption of the Notes may result, for the Noteholders, in 
a yield that is considerably lower than anticipated. 
An optional redemption feature may also limit the market value of Notes. During any period when Ålandsbanken may 
elect to redeem Notes pursuant to the relevant option (or during any period when it is perceived that Ålandsbanken may 
be able to redeem Notes pursuant to the relevant option), the market value of such Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of the Notes linked to such “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (STIBOR) and other indices 
which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent international, national and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a 
“benchmark”. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and came into force on 1 
January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed to be equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a 
“benchmark”, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors that may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
“benchmarks” or (iii) lead to disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”.

--- Page 22 ---
20 
 
The assets comprising the cover asset pools do not form part of the general assets of the Issuer that would be available 
to Noteholders of Senior Preferred Notes in the case of bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer 
In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Noteholders of CBA Covered Bonds (along with 
counterparties to related Derivative Transactions and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans) have the benefit of 
priority to the assets in the relevant cover asset pool. Noteholders of Senior Preferred Notes do not have the same benefit. 
In the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer, Noteholders of Senior Preferred Notes will therefore be subordinated in 
right of payment to Noteholders of CBA Covered Bonds and rank pari passu with other unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Issuer’s remaining assets and may lose, in full or in part, the invested nominal amount and interest 
payable on such Notes. 
H. Risks related to the market generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or the secondary market may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the Notes does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be exposed to movements 
in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation 
to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency of the relevant Notes specified in the Final Terms. 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the currency of the relevant Notes. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the currency of the Notes or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the currency of 
the Notes would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Cover Asset Pool or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes, the Issuer or the Cover Asset Pool. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by its assigning credit rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 23 ---
21 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
 
Each prospective investor in the Notes should determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its 
financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
 
• 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
• 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective investor’s currency; 
• 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; and 
• 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and 
its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject 
to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult 
its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 
Cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements 
 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking statements 
include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and performance and the 
assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, 
“estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar 
expressions generally identify forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained in the sections 
entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of Ålandsbanken” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has 
based these forward-looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial 
performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking 
statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, 
including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the 
Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual results of operation may vary 
from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based. 
 
Use of benchmarks 
 
Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference to EURIBOR or STIBOR. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is EMMI (European Money Market Institute). EMMI is registered in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by European Securities and Market Authority (ESMA) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) no 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the Benchmarks Regulation). EURIBOR is now considered 
compliant according to the Benchmarks Regulation and has been added to the European Securities and Market Authority’s 
(ESMA) Benchmark Register. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of STIBOR is the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (SFBF), 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Swedish Bankers’ Association. The SFBF is included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by European Securities and Market Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation 
(EU) no 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (the Benchmarks Regulation).

--- Page 24 ---
22 
 
Presentation of financial and certain other information 
 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been derived from 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023 and the unaudited consolidated Half-Year financial statement for the six months ended 30 June 2024. 
The Issuer’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are to the 
12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU. 
 
Notes which are issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance that such 
use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
 
The Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the net proceeds from an issue of those Notes whether 
directly or indirectly, to finance or refinance projects and activities that purport to satisfy certain eligibility requirements 
determined by Issuer, promote climate resilient and sustainable economies or environmental and climate-friendly 
improvements or to other environmental and sustainable purposes (Green Assets and thereto related Notes, Green Bonds). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of 
proceeds and should determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in 
such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by 
the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Assets.  
 
Prospective investors in any Green Notes (as defined in “Use of Proceeds”), should have regard to the information in 
Chapter ‘Summary of the Green Finance Framework’ regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Green Notes and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Notes 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.

--- Page 25 ---
23 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
ÅLANDSBANKEN ABP 
Issue of [       ] [        ] 
under the EUR 2,000,000,000 
Senior Preferred Note and Covered Bond Programme 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or as replaced) (MiFID II); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (as amended or as replaced), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
point e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or as replaced) (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended or as replaced) 
(the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; [and] (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate [and (iii) the negative target market for the Notes is clients 
that seek full capital protection or full repayment of the amount invested, are fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or 
need a fully guaranteed income or fully predictable return profile]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); or (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor)/distributor] should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus regarding the programme for the issuance of notes by Ålandsbanken Abp (the Issuer) dated [    ] 2023 [and 
the supplement[s] to it dated [    ] [and [    ]] (the Base Prospectus) (the Programme) which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including but not limited to, the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of

--- Page 26 ---
24 
 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated [    ] [and [    ]] and the Final Terms are available at the website 
of the Issuer at [https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-investors/debt-securities-documentation ] and upon 
request from the Issuer or at the subscription places specified herein.  
 
Issuer: 
 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Type of Notes: 
 
[Senior Preferred Notes][Covered Bonds] 
 
Series number: 
 
[     ] 
Tranche number: 
 
[     ][Not Applicable] 
[Date on which the Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
 
 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [insert description of relevant Series of Notes] on the 
Issue Date][Not Applicable]] 
Dealer(s) 
 
[insert name and address][Not Applicable] 
Subscription place(s) 
[insert name and address][Not Applicable] 
Issuer Agent 
[insert name and address][The Issuer acts as the Issuer 
Agent] 
Paying Agent 
[insert name and address][The Issuer acts as the Paying 
Agent][Not Applicable] 
Calculation Agent 
[insert name and address][The Issuer acts as the 
Calculation Agent][Not Applicable] 
Currency: 
[EUR][SEK] 
Aggregate nominal amount: 
 
(a) Series: 
[     ] 
(b) Tranche: 
[     ] 
Denomination of each book-entry unit: 
[EUR] [  ] ][SEK [  ]] 
Number of book-entry units: 
[    ] 
Form of the Notes: 
[Book-entry securities of Euroclear Finland’s Infinity 
book-entry system][Book-entry securities registered in a 
register (Sw. avstämningsregister) of Euroclear Sweden] 
Minimum subscription amount: 
[EUR] [   ] ][SEK [  ]] 
Subscription fee: 
[The Dealer(s) [and potential other subscription places] 
do not charge the costs relating to the issue and offering 
to the Noteholders][[   ] charges [   ] to the Noteholders as 
a cost relating to the issue and offering] 
Payment of subscription: 
[Subscriptions shall be paid for as instructed in 
connection with the subscription][The subscription shall 
be paid at the time of subscription]

--- Page 27 ---
25 
 
Issue price: 
[The issue price is fixed and is [     ] per cent of the 
aggregate nominal amount][The issue price is floating 
and will not exceed [   ]]  
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
Commencement of first Interest Period: 
[Issue Date][   ] 
Rate of interest: 
[Fixed interest rate [  ] per cent] 
[Floating interest rate [   ] months [EURIBOR][STIBOR] 
+ margin of [  ]] 
[Zero coupon] 
[specify details of changes(s) in rate of interest and the 
relevant Interest Periods to which the change(s) in interest 
rate applies, if applicable] 
(further particulars specified below) 
Change of rate of interest 
[Specify the date when any change occurs][Not 
Applicable] 
Redemption amount: 
The Notes will be redeemed at [   ] per cent of their 
aggregate nominal amount 
Manner of redemption: 
 
[The Notes will be redeemed in one instalment.][The Notes 
will be redeemed in several instalments [insert details on 
the amounts and redemption dates of each instalment]] 
Maturity Date: 
[     ] [The Notes have no scheduled maturity date] 
(a) Extended Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(b) Extended Maturity Date: 
[Insert date] 
[In accordance with Condition 6.5, if the Issuer, at the 
latest on the fifth (5th) Business Day before the Maturity 
Date, applies for the approval of the FIN-FSA that the 
Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds and the date on which 
the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the 
purposes of the Conditions is extended up to but no later 
than the Extended Maturity Date due to the reason that (i) 
the Issuer is unable to obtain long-term financing from 
ordinary sources, (ii) the Issuer is unable to meet the 
liquidity requirement set out in the CBA if it makes 
payments towards the principal and interest of the maturing 
Covered Bonds and (iii) the extension of maturity of the 
Covered Bonds does not affect the sequence in which the 
Issuer’s Covered Bonds from the same Cover Asset Pool 
are maturing, and, if the FIN-FSA determines that the 
conditions for extension of the Maturity Date of the 
Covered Bonds have been fulfilled and it gives its approval 
to the extension, its resolution shall confirm the extended 
Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds and the date on which 
the Covered Bonds will then be due and repayable for the 
purposes of the Conditions. In that event, the Issuer may 
redeem all or any part of the nominal amount outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling 
in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date, all in accordance with 
Condition 6.5.]

--- Page 28 ---
26 
 
[Not Applicable] 
Delivery of book-entry securities: 
The time when the book-entry securities are recorded in the 
book-entry accounts specified by the subscribers is 
estimated to be [   ] 
ISIN code of the Series of Notes: 
[   ] 
Registrar: 
[Euroclear Finland Ltd][Euroclear Sweden AB] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST  
Fixed interest rate provisions: 
 
(a) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[    ]  
(b) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365][Actual/360][30E/360][30/360][Not 
Applicable] 
(c) Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding 
Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
Floating interest rate provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(a) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) Minimum rate of interest: 
[[     ] per cent per annum][Not Applicable] 
(c) Maximum rate of interest: 
[[     ] per cent per annum][Not Applicable] 
(d) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365][Actual/360][30E/360][30/360] 
[Not Applicable] 
(e) Business Day Convention: 
 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding Business 
Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
Extended Maturity interest provisions: 
 
[Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date][Not 
Applicable][Applicable from (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date] 
(a) Rate of interest: 
 
 
[Fixed interest rate [  ] per cent] 
[Floating interest rate [   ] months EURIBOR][STIBOR] 
+ margin of [  ]] 
[Zero coupon] 
[Not Applicable] 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s) 
[    ][Not applicable] 
(c) Minimum rate of interest: 
[[     ] per cent per annum][Not Applicable] 
(d) Maximum rate of interest: 
[[     ] per cent per annum][Not Applicable] 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365][Actual/360][30E/360][30/360]

--- Page 29 ---
27 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(f) Business Day Convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding Business 
Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
Early Redemption for tax reasons: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Early Redemption Amount:] 
[Nominal amount of the Notes] [ ] 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Early redemption amount: 
 
[   ] of the relevant proportion of the nominal amount being 
redeemed in accordance with Condition 6.4] 
First Call Date: 
[[●] [and any subsequent Interest Payment Date] subject 
to Condition 6.4.][Not Applicable] 
OTHER INFORMATION 
Decisions and authority pursuant to which the Notes are 
issued: 
[Based on the authorisation dated [  ] of the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors][Based on the resolution of the Issuer’s 
Board of Directors dated [   ]] 
Subscription period: 
[   ] 
Conditions for issue: 
[   ][Not Applicable] 
Indication of yield (fixed interest rate Notes with fixed 
issue price only): 
[   ][Not Applicable] 
The yield is calculated on the Issue Date based on the 
issue price. It is not an indication of future yield.] [Not 
Applicable] 
Europeisk säkerställd obligation (premium) /  
Eurooppalainen katettu joukkolaina (premium) /  
European Covered Bond (Premium): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
Credit rating: 
[    ][Not Applicable] [The Notes are expected to be 
rated [insert rating] by [insert credit agency legal name 
and other information to CRA regulation] 
Listing: 
The Issuer [will][will not] apply for the Notes to be 
listed [on the Helsinki Stock Exchange]  
Use of Proceeds: 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be 
applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit.] [The net proceeds of the 
issue of the Notes will be allocated or reallocated from 
time to time to the financing and/or refinancing, in whole 
or in part, of Green Assets as defined in Summary of the 
Green Finance Framework of the Base Prospectus.]  
Estimated net amount of the proceeds:  
[   ] less customary transaction costs and fees.

--- Page 30 ---
28 
 
Estimated time of listing: 
[    ][Not Applicable] 
Estimate of total expenses related to listing: 
[    ][Not Applicable] 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s), so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the 
Notes has an interest material to the issue. The Dealer(s) 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business] / [insert details of other interests that 
may be material to the issue]. 
In [insert place], on [insert date] 
ÅLANDSBANKEN ABP

--- Page 31 ---
29 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following General Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) of the Programme must be read in their entirety together 
with the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Notes.  
Words and expressions defined in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions 
unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meaning: 
Administrative Action means any judicial decision, official administrative pronouncement, and regulatory procedure 
affecting taxation. 
Applicable Banking Regulation means at any time the laws, regulations, delegated or implementing acts, regulatory or 
implementing technical standards, rules, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity then in effect in the jurisdiction 
in which the Issuer is incorporated including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the Capital Regulations, 
CRD IV, the SRM Regulation, BRRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liability and/or loss absorbing capacity adopted by the 
Competent Authority, the Resolution Authority or any other national or European authority from time to time, and then 
in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group). 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC, and as may be further 
amended or replaced from time to time. 
Capital Regulations means any requirements of Finnish law or contained in the relevant rules of EU law that are then in 
effect at the Issue Date in Finland relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer, including but not limited to 
the CRR, national laws and regulations implementing the CRD IV Directive and the BRRD, delegated or implementing 
acts adopted by the European Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority, as amended from 
time to time, or such other acts as may come into effect in place thereof. 
CDR means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 241/2014 of 7 January 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard 
to the RTS for Own Funds requirements for institutions (Capital Delegated Regulation), as amended from time to time. 
CET1 Ratio means, with respect to the Issuer, at any time, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital as of such time expressed 
as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount of the Issuer. 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital has the meaning given to it in Article 50 of the CRR complemented by the transitional 
provisions of Part Ten of the CRR as implemented in Finland. 
Competent Authority means the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (the FIN-FSA) or such other or successor 
authority that is responsible for prudential supervision and/or empowered by national law to supervise the Issuer as part 
of the supervisory system in operation in Finland. 
CRD IV means the legislative package consisting of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing 
Measures. 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, 
amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directive 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, amended from time to time, or 
such other directive as may come into effect in place thereof. 
CRD IV Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other requirements, which are 
applicable to the Issuer or the Group and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the Group 
(on a solo or consolidated basis, as the case may be) to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including

--- Page 32 ---
30 
 
for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards released by the European Banking Authority (or any 
successor or replacement thereof). 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on the 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, 
amended from time to time, or such other regulation as may come into effect in place thereof (including as amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, to the extent then in 
application). 
Noteholders means the holders of the Notes from time to time. 
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms 
in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010. 
Tier 1 Capital means tier 1 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Tier 2 Capital means tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations.  
Tier 2 Instruments has the meaning given to it in the Capital Regulations. 
2. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND ISSUANCE  
The Notes are issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Programme.  
The Notes are issued in a series (each a Series) of either as 
1) 
senior preferred notes (Senior Preferred Notes); 
2) 
covered bonds (Fi. katetut joukkolainat) (Covered Bonds) under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit 
Banks and Covered Bonds (Fi. laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista (151/2022) 
(as amended or as replaced) (the CBA), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The denomination of each book-entry unit (Fi. arvo-osuuden yksikkökoko) relating to the Notes shall be at least EUR 
100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in SEK, the equivalent amount in SEK). All Notes of the same Series shall 
have the same denomination. The minimum subscription amount shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
shall be at least EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in SEK, the equivalent amount in SEK). 
Each Series of Notes may comprise one or more tranches (each a Tranche) of Notes. The terms and conditions of a 
Tranche of Notes are formed by combining these Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes shall be offered for subscription mainly to institutional investors. 
The Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised form in: 
(a) 
the Infinity book-entry system (Fi. arvo-osuusjärjestelmä) of Euroclear Finland Ltd (Euroclear 
Finland), incorporated in Finland with registration number 1061446-0 and having its registered address 
at Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland, in accordance with Finnish legislation 
governing the book-entry system, clearing operations and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear 
Rules; or 
(b) 
the register (Sw. avstämningsregister) held by Euroclear Sweden AB (Euroclear Sweden), 
incorporated in Sweden with registration number 556112-8074 and having its registered address at 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, formed in accordance with the 
Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act 1998 (Sw. lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler 
och kontoföring av finansiella instrument), other applicable Swedish legislation and the Euroclear 
Rules, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 33 ---
31 
 
The registrar in respect of the Notes will be Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The Issuer may appoint an issuer agent (Fi. liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies; Sw. emissionsinstitut) (the Issuer Agent) 
referred to in the Euroclear Rules and applicable laws, a paying agent (the Paying Agent) for a Series of Notes or the 
Issuer may act as the Issuer Agent and/or Paying Agent, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Issuer may appoint one or more dealers (the Dealers) for a Series of Notes or Tranche of Notes as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may appoint a calculation agent (the Calculation Agent) for a Series of Notes or 
Tranche of Notes or the Issuer may act as the Calculation Agent, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, the Euroclear Rules means regulations, decisions and operating procedures 
applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable. 
3. 
STATUS AND SECURITY 
3.1 
Senior Preferred Notes 
If the Notes are issued as Senior preferred Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by mandatory law) equally with all other 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.  
3.2 
Covered Bonds  
If the Notes are issued as Covered Bonds as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes are obligations issued in 
accordance with the CBA.  
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer which benefit from the same priority right in respect of the 
statutory security in accordance with the CBA. To the extent that claims of the Noteholders in relation to the Covered 
Bonds and claims of other creditors having the same priority in accordance with the CBA are not fully met out of the 
assets of the Issuer that are covered in accordance with the CBA, the residual claims of the Noteholders of the Covered 
Bonds will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
No Noteholder shall in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or 
counterclaim against moneys owed under assets that are subject to the priority set out in Section 20 of the CBA in respect 
of any Covered Bond. 
4. 
NOMINAL AMOUNT AND CURRENCY 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued and outstanding under the Programme at any time can be a maximum of 
EUR 2,000,000,000. The Issuer may raise or lower the aggregate nominal amount. 
The nominal amount and currency of a Series of Notes and each Tranche of Notes shall be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Issuer may increase or decrease such nominal amount during the relevant subscription period. 
Each Series of Notes will be numbered in numerical order. Each Tranche of Notes under a Series of Notes will be 
numbered in numerical order. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
General 
The Notes may be issued as fixed interest rate, floating interest rate or zero-coupon Notes, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
5.2 
Zero coupon 
Zero coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount, at par or premium to their nominal amount and, subject to 
Condition 5.1, will not bear interest. The yield (which may be negative) of zero-coupon Notes will be the difference

--- Page 34 ---
32 
 
between the redemption amount and the issue price. The redemption amount of a zero-coupon Note is the nominal amount 
that the Issuer shall repay to the Noteholder of a zero-coupon Note in accordance with Condition 6.2. 
5.3 
Fixed interest rate 
Each Note to which a fixed rate of interest is applicable pursuant to the applicable Final Terms, bears interest at the rate 
per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
5.4 
Floating interest rate 
(a)  Rate of interest 
Each Note to which a floating rate of interest is applicable pursuant to the applicable Final Terms, bears interest at the 
rate per annum, consisting of a floating reference rate and a margin, each specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
margin will be added to the reference rate. 
The floating reference rate shall be EURIBOR where the issue has been made in EUR and STIBOR where the issue has 
been made in SEK.  
EURIBOR is the rate for deposits in EUR and STIBOR is the rate for deposits in SEK, in each case, for a period 
corresponding to the Interest Period (as defined below) of the relevant Series of Notes quoted on the relevant Thomson 
Reuters page (or such replacement page on a service which displays the information) at or about 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time in relation to EURIBOR and Stockholm time in relation to STIBOR) two (2) Business Days prior to the 
commencement of the Interest Period. If the Interest Period does not correspond to any period of times shown on the 
relevant Thomson Reuters page (or such replacement page on a service which displays the information) for EUR or SEK, 
as applicable, the rate of interest for such Interest Period shall be interpolated on a linear basis from the rates of interest 
of the two (2) periods between which the relevant Interest Period falls.  
A minimum rate and/or a maximum rate of interest may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding Condition 5.4 (a) (Rate of interest) above, if the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with 
the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a 
Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no Successor 
Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant interest 
determination date relating to the next succeeding interest period (the “IA Determination Cut-off 
Date”) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future interest 
periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4(b)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent 
practicable, with the Calculation Agent and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for all future interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4(b); 
provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the interest determination date (as referred 
to in the relevant Final Terms) relating to the next succeeding interest period in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph (ii), the Rate of Interest applicable to such interest period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding interest period (though 
substituting, where a different margin is to be applied to the relevant interest period from that which 
applied to the last preceding interest period, the margin relating to the relevant interest period, in place 
of the margin relating to that last preceding interest period);  
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate shall be the floating reference rate 
interest for all future interest periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4(b));

--- Page 35 ---
33 
 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or (if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine whether an 
Adjustment Spread should be applied) the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread should be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (B) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine, prior to the interest 
determination date relating to the next succeeding interest period, the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate or, in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above 
provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as the case may 
be), may also, following consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify 
changes to the Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination 
Date, Interest Payment Date, Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Reference Banks and/or the definition of Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the Notes 
(and, in each case, related provisions and definitions), and the method for determining the fallback 
rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future 
interest periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.4). An 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.4(b) shall (in the absence of bad faith, 
gross negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.4(b). No 
Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including 
for the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer;  
(vi) 
A Calculation Agent appointed for a Tranche of Notes shall (in the absence of bad faith, gross 
negligence and wilful misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Independent Adviser 
or Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.4(b); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) 
above to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.4(b): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines should 
be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in euro, where such 
rate has been replaced by such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser in its 
discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is most comparable to the Reference 
Rate;

--- Page 36 ---
34 
 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Reference Rate in customary market 
usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in euro or, if the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser in its discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in its discretion (as applicable) determines is most comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Event” means: the Reference Rate  
(i) 
has ceased to be published on the relevant screen page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or  
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will cease publishing such 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that the Reference 
Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that means that such 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences; or  
(v) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent financial 
adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these terms 
and conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR or STIBOR; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which 
such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or (e) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) 
that the Independent Adviser or (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate (for the 
avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5.5 
Interest period 
Interest period (the Interest Period) means each period of time, for which the interest is calculated. 
The first Interest Period shall begin on the Issue Date or on any other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
end on the following Interest Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each following Interest Period begins 
on the previous Interest Payment Date and ends on the following Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 37 ---
35 
 
With respect to Notes registered with Euroclear Finland, interest shall accrue for each Interest Period from (and including) 
the first day of the Interest Period to (but excluding) the last day of such Interest Period on the nominal amount of the 
Notes outstanding from time to time. With respect to Notes registered with Euroclear Sweden, Interest shall accrue for 
each Interest Period from (but excluding) the first day of the Interest Period to (and including) the last day of such Interest 
Period on the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding from time to time. 
The last Interest Period ends on the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date). 
5.6 
Market conventions 
(a) Day count fractions 
Day Count Fractions of a Series of Notes shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms and means: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by the number received when multiplying the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period with the number of Interest Periods within a year (subject to exceptions in relation to 
irregular Interest Periods); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30E/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a year consists of 12 months of 30 days each 
(except in case where the last day of the last Interest Period is the last day of February, February shall 
not be deemed to be a 30-day month) divided by 360; or 
(vi) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a year consists of 12 months of 30 days each. 
(b) Business day convention 
The Business Day Convention shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms and (i) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (ii) if any Interest Payment 
Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day;  
(ii) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
or 
(iii) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business in Helsinki or Stockholm, as applicable, and (in relation to payments 
in EUR), the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express (TARGET 2) System is open.

--- Page 38 ---
36 
 
5.7 
Payment of interest 
Interest shall be paid on the dates (each an Interest Payment Date) specified in the applicable Final Terms in each year 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date). 
Payment of interest shall be made in accordance with Finnish or Swedish legislation, as applicable, governing the book-
entry system, clearing operations and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear Rules, to the Noteholder that is entitled 
to receive such payment according to the book-entry account information. 
6. 
MATURITY AND REDEMPTION   
6.1 
Term of the Notes  
The term of the Senior Preferred Notes and Covered Bonds is at least one (1) year from the Issue Date.  
The principal of the Senior Preferred Notes and Covered Bonds is to be repaid on the Maturity Date as defined in the 
Final Terms or on, in case of the Covered Bonds, the Extended Maturity Date if an Extended Maturity Date has been 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the maturity of the Covered Bonds has been extended in accordance with 
Condition 6.5. The principal of the notes is to be repaid in instalments if so defined in the Final Terms. The business day 
convention defined in Final Terms is applicable to the Maturity Date and the Extended Maturity Date. The redemption 
amount is the nominal amount of the principal. 
6.2 
Redemption at maturity 
Each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer on the maturity date (the Maturity Date) (or if applicable, the Extended 
Maturity Date) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The redemption amount shall be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms may specify that the redemption amount shall be paid in instalments, in which 
case the final instalment shall be paid on the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date). 
Payment of the redemption amount will be made in accordance with Finnish or Swedish legislation, as applicable, 
governing the book-entry system, clearing operations and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear Rules, to the 
Noteholder that is entitled to receive such payment according to the book-entry account information. 
6.3 
Redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes and Covered Bonds for tax reasons  
The Notes issued as Senior Preferred Notes or Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a floating interest rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
floating interest rate Note) at their nominal amount or a higher amount (the Early Redemption Amount), as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption, having given not less than 30 
days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12, if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 13 as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 13) or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts in relation to a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
6.4 
Redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes and Covered Bonds at the option of the Issuer 
If redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) is specified as applying to a Series of Notes issued as Senior Preferred 
Notes or Covered Bonds in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 days’ nor more than 
60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12, redeem all or some only of the then outstanding 
Notes on the First Call Date (as defined in the Final Terms) or, if specified in the Final Terms, on any subsequent Interest 
Payment Date thereafter. The early redemption amount shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms and shall be paid 
together with, if applicable, interest accrued to (but excluding) the First Call Date (as defined in the Final Terms) or, if 
specified in the Final Terms, on any subsequent Interest Payment Date thereafter.

--- Page 39 ---
37 
 
Payment of the early redemption amount will be made in accordance with Finnish or Swedish legislation, as applicable, 
governing the book-entry system, clearing operations and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear Rules, to the 
Noteholder that is entitled to receive such payment according to the book-entry account information.  
No interest shall accrue on the nominal amount of the redeemed portion of the Notes after the First Call Date. 
6.5 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds 
An Extended Maturity Date may apply to a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If “Extended Maturity” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, it enables the Issuer, at the latest on the 
fifth (5th) Business Day before the Maturity Date, to apply for the approval of the FIN-FSA that the Maturity Date of the 
Covered Bonds and the date on which the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions 
should be extended by the Issuer up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date. The FIN-FSA shall grant the approval 
for the extension of maturity if  (i) the Issuer is unable to obtain long-term financing from ordinary sources, (ii) the Issuer 
is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the CBA if it makes payments towards the principal and interest of 
the maturing Covered Bonds and (iii) the extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds does not affect the sequence in 
which the Issuer’s Covered Bonds from the same Cover Asset Pool are maturing. In the event of a bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer, the bankruptcy administrator and the liquidator in the liquidation have, pursuant to the CBA, at 
the request or with the consent of the supervisor, the right to apply for the approval of the FIN-FSA to extend the Maturity 
Date up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date.  
If the FIN-FSA determines that the conditions for extension of the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds have been fulfilled 
and it gives its approval to the extension, its resolution shall confirm the extended Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds 
and the date on which the Covered Bonds will then be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions, provided 
that the maturity of any Covered Bond may not be extended beyond the date falling twelve (12) months after the Maturity 
Date. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date.  
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 12) of (a) any resolution of the FIN-FSA 
to approve the extension of  the maturity of the Covered Bonds as soon as practicable after any such resolution having 
been made and (b) its intention to redeem all or any of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in full at 
least three (3) Business Days prior to (i) the Maturity Date, where practicable for the Issuer to do so and otherwise as 
soon as practicable after the relevant decision to redeem the Covered Bonds (if any) is made or, as applicable (ii) the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable (iii) the Extended Maturity Date.  
Any failure by the Issuer to so notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any such extension of 
the maturity of the Notes or, as applicable, redemption by the Issuer on the Maturity Date or, as applicable, the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to any such person having any rights in 
respect of any such redemption but such failure may result in a delay in payment being received by a Noteholder through 
Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, (including on the Maturity Date where at least three Business 
Days’ notice of such redemption is not given to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 12)) and Noteholders shall 
not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of such delay.  
In the case of Covered Bonds which are zero coupon notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date and for which an 
Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 6.5, the nominal 
amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments 
made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with the Conditions. 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.5 shall be irrevocable. Where this Condition 
6.5 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of the Covered 
Bonds under this Condition 6.5 shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any Noteholder any right 
to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out 
in the Conditions. 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.5 interest rates and Interest 
Payment Dates on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity 
Date shall be determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment 
Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across that Series of

--- Page 40 ---
38 
 
Covered Bonds and the nominal amount outstanding on those Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that 
redemption. 
If the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 6.5, 
subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, for so long as any of the Covered Bonds remains outstanding, 
the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Covered Bonds are 
applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Covered Bonds the maturity of which has 
been extended in accordance with this Condition 6.5. 
This Condition 6.5 shall only apply to Covered Bonds for which “Extended Maturity” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and if the FIN-FSA gives its approval to the extension. 
6.6 
Repurchases  
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time repurchase the Senior Preferred Notes or the Covered Bonds 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. The Senior Preferred Notes or the Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, 
resold or cancelled at the Issuer’s discretion. 
7. 
SUBSCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
7.1 
Method of subscription and payment 
Each Series of Notes is offered for subscription at the subscription places during the subscription period, each specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may shorten or lengthen the subscription period. 
The subscription amount equals the nominal amount of the Notes being subscribed for multiplied by the issue price, each 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. When subscription takes place after the Issue Date, accrued interest (if any) for 
the subscribed Notes in accordance with the applicable Final Terms for the period between the Issue Date and date when 
payment in respect of the Notes subscribed for is effected, must also be paid. 
When subscription takes place on a day other than an Interest Payment Date, but following the first Interest Payment 
Date, accrued interest (if any) for the subscribed Notes in accordance with the applicable Final Terms for the period 
between the commencement of the current Interest Period and date when payment in respect of the Notes subscribed for 
is effected, must also be paid. 
Payment in respect of Notes subscribed for shall be effected as instructed in connection with the subscription or at the 
time of the subscription, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall accept the subscriptions and may, at its sole discretion, reject a subscription in part or in whole. Approved 
subscriptions are confirmed after the relevant subscription period has ended.  
The Issuer will not charge the subscriber for costs relating to the issue or offering of the Notes. The Dealer(s) and potential 
other subscription places may charge such costs pursuant to the agreement between the relevant subscriber and Dealer or 
potential other subscription place. Such costs (if any) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Oversubscription and undersubscription 
In the event of oversubscription or undersubscription, as applicable, in relation to a Series of Notes, the Issuer is entitled 
to increase or decrease the nominal amount of the relevant Series of Notes during the subscription period, discontinue the 
subscription or cancel the issue of such Series of Notes. The applicable Final Terms may specify that the issue of a certain 
Series of Notes requires a specified minimum amount of subscriptions or fulfilment of other conditions. 
If the issue is cancelled or the subscriptions are decreased due to oversubscription, the Issuer shall refund the price paid 
to the account notified by the relevant subscriber within five (5) Business Days from the date of the decision concerning 
the cancellation or decrease. 
7.3 
Issue price 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is fixed or floating, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the issue 
price is floating, the Issuer will determine the issue price on a daily basis throughout the subscription period subject to a 
maximum issue price specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
39 
 
7.4 
Cancellation of subscription and interruption of the subscription period in certain circumstances 
If the Issuer, during the subscription period of the Notes, or before the Notes have been admitted for public trading, 
supplements the Base Prospectus due to an error or deficiency contained therein or due to material new information 
arising after the approval of the Base Prospectus or publishes an updated Base Prospectus during the above-mentioned 
period, a subscriber, who has made a subscription before the publication of the supplement or the updated Base 
Prospectus, is entitled to cancel the subscription within two (2) Business Days from the publication of the supplement or 
updated Base Prospectus. However, the cancellation right only exists if the error, deficiency or material new information 
arose or was noted before the delivery of the Notes to the subscribers in accordance with Condition 8.  
The supplemented or updated Base Prospectus and information on the time limit and procedure for cancellation will be 
available at the subscription places specified in the applicable Final Terms and on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-investors/debt-securities-documentation. 
The Issuer is entitled to interrupt a subscription period immediately if the Base Prospectus needs to be supplemented. 
Such discontinuance will be announced at the subscription places and on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-investors/debt-securities-documentation. 
8. 
DELIVERY OF NOTES 
Notes subscribed and paid for shall be entered to the respective book-entry accounts of the subscribers on a date set out 
in the applicable Final Terms in accordance with Finnish or Swedish legislation, as applicable, governing the book-entry 
system, clearing operations and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear Rules.  
Each Note is freely transferable after it has been registered into the respective book-entry account. 
9. 
FORCE MAJEURE 
The Issuer, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, any Dealer, subscription place or account operator 
shall not be responsible for any loss arising from: 
(a) 
an act of an authority, war or threat of war, revolt, civil disturbance, or any act of terror; 
(b) disturbance in postal or telephone traffic, electronic communication, or supply of electricity that is beyond 
the control of, and that has an essential impact on, the operations of the Issuer, the Issuer Agent, the Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, any Dealer, subscription place or account operator; 
(c) 
interruption or delay of action or measure of the Issuer, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, any Dealer, subscription place or account operator that is caused by fire or equivalent accident; 
(d) strike or other industrial action which has an essential impact to the operations of the Issuer, the Issuer 
Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, any Dealer, subscription place or account operator, even 
when it only affects part of the personnel of the aforementioned entities and irrespective of whether the 
aforementioned entities are involved in it or not; 
(e) 
an act of God (such as, but not limited to, fires, explosions, earthquakes, drought, tidal waves and floods); 
or 
(f) 
other equivalent force majeure or any similar reason that causes unreasonable difficulty for the operations 
of the Issuer, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, any Dealer, subscription place or 
account operator. 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
In case any payment which has fallen due under the Senior Preferred Notes or Covered Bonds has not been claimed by 
the relevant Noteholder entitled to such payment within three (3) years from the original due date thereof, the right to 
such payment shall become forfeited by the relevant Noteholder and the Issuer shall be permanently free from such 
payment.

--- Page 42 ---
40 
 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT RELATING TO SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
This Condition 11 only applies to Notes which are specified as Senior Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing with respect to any 
Note any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer, effective upon the date of receipt thereof, declare any Note held 
by it to be due and payable at the earliest on the tenth (10th) day from the date such notice was presented, provided that 
an Event of Default is continuing on the date of receipt of the notice and on the early maturity date specified in such 
notice. An Event of Default is continuing if it has not been remedied or waived. 
(a) 
Non-payment: Any amount of principal or interest due in respect of Notes has not been paid within seven 
(7) Business Days from the relevant due date, unless the failure to pay is caused by administrative or 
technical error.  
(b) Breach of other obligations: The Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the 
Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next 
following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied.  
(c) 
Cross default: (i) Any Indebtedness of the Issuer is declared due or repayable prematurely by reason of an 
event of default (howsoever described); (ii) the Issuer fails to make any payment in respect of Indebtedness 
on the relevant due date, as extended by any originally applicable grace period; (iii) any security given by 
the Issuer in respect of Indebtedness becomes enforceable; (iv) the Issuer defaults in making any payment 
on the relevant due date, as extended by any originally applicable grace period, under any guarantee in 
relation to Indebtedness.  
No Event of Default will occur under this sub-condition (c) if the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness 
or other liability is less than EUR 10,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.  
A Noteholder shall not be entitled to demand repayment under this sub-condition (c) if the Issuer has bona 
fide disputed the existence of the occurrence of an Event of Default under this sub-condition (c) in the 
relevant court or in arbitration as long as such dispute has not been finally and adversely adjudicated against 
the Issuer. 
(d) Cessation of business: The Issuer ceases to carry on its current business in its entirety. 
(e) 
Winding-up: An order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Insolvency: (i) The Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; (ii) the Issuer 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; or 
(iii) an application is filed for it being subject to bankruptcy or re-organisation proceedings, or for the 
appointment of an administrator or liquidator of any of the Issuer’s assets and such application is not 
discharged within 45 days. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, Indebtedness means indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or 
other amounts) in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities or any borrowed 
money or any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit of the Issuer. 
12. 
NOTICES AND RIGHT TO INFORMATION 
Noteholders shall be advised of matters relating to the Notes by a stock-exchange release, a notice published on the 
Issuer’s website at https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-investors/debt-securities-documentation or a notice 
published in Helsingin Sanomat or any other major Finnish national daily newspaper selected by the Issuer. The Issuer 
may and shall, if required by the Euroclear Rules or applicable laws, also deliver notices relating to the Notes in writing 
directly to the Noteholders at the address appearing on the list of the Noteholders provided by Euroclear Finland or 
Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, in accordance with the below paragraph (or through Euroclear Finland’s or Euroclear 
Sweden, as applicable, book-entry system or account operators of the relevant book-entry system).  
Any notice relating to the Notes shall be deemed to have been received by the Noteholders when published or delivered 
in accordance with this Condition 12.

--- Page 43 ---
41 
 
Notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, the Issuer shall, subject to the Euroclear Rules and applicable laws, be entitled 
to obtain information of the Noteholders from Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, and Euroclear 
Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, shall be entitled to provide such information to the Issuer. Furthermore, the 
Issuer shall, subject to the Euroclear Rules and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland or Euroclear 
Sweden, as applicable, a list of Noteholders, provided that it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland or Euroclear 
Sweden, as applicable, to maintain such a list. The Issuer shall at the request of the Issuer Agent pass on such information 
to the Issuer Agent. 
The address for notices to the Issuer is: 
 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Nygatan 2 
PB 3 
AX-22101 Mariehamn, Åland, Finland 
13. 
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax; and 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys 
payable has not been duly received by the Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, 
it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND PROCEDURE IN WRITING 
The Issuer may convene a meeting of Noteholders (the Noteholders’ Meeting) or request a procedure in writing among 
the Noteholders (the Procedure in Writing) to decide on amendments of the Conditions or other matters as specified 
below. Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, must be notified of the Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure 
in Writing by the Issuer in accordance with the Euroclear Rules and applicable laws. 
Notice of a Noteholders’ Meeting and the initiation of a Procedure in Writing shall be provided to the Issuer Agent and 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Noteholders’ Meeting or the 
last day for replies in the Procedure in Writing, and shall include information on the date, place and agenda of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day and address for replies in the Procedure in Writing (or if the voting is to be made 
electronically, instructions for such voting) as well as instructions as to any action required on the part of a Noteholder to 
attend the Noteholders’ Meeting or to participate in the Procedure in Writing. No matters other than those referred to in 
the notice of the Noteholders’ Meeting or initiation of the Procedure in Writing may be resolved upon at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting or the Procedure in Writing. 
Only those who, according to the register kept by Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, in accordance 
with the Euroclear Rules and applicable laws, in respect of the Notes, were registered as Noteholders on the fifth (5th) 
Business Day prior to the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day for replies in the Procedure in Writing on the list of 
Noteholders to be provided by Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, in accordance with Condition 12, 
or proxies authorised by such Noteholders, shall, if holding any of the nominal amount of the relevant Series of Notes at 
the time of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the last day for replies in the Procedure in Writing, be entitled to vote at the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing and shall be recorded in the list of the Noteholders present at the 
Noteholders’ Meeting or participating in the Procedure in Writing.  
The Noteholders’ Meeting must be held in Helsinki and the chairman of the meeting shall be appointed by the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer.

--- Page 44 ---
42 
 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing shall constitute a quorum only if two (2) or more Noteholders present 
hold or represent at least 50 per cent or one (1) Noteholder holding one hundred 100 per cent of the nominal amount of 
the relevant Series of Notes outstanding attends the Noteholders’ Meeting or provides replies in the Procedure in Writing. 
If, within 30 minutes after the time specified for the start of a Noteholders’ Meeting, a quorum is not present, any 
consideration of the matters to be dealt with at the meeting may, at the request of the Issuer, be adjourned for consideration 
at a meeting to be convened on a date no earlier than 14 calendar days and no later than 28 calendar days after the original 
meeting, at a place to be determined by the Issuer. Correspondingly, if by the last day for replies in the Procedure in 
Writing a quorum is not constituted, the time for replies may be extended as determined by the Issuer. 
The quorum for an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting or extended Procedure in Writing will be at least 25 per cent of the 
nominal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Notice of an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting or in relation to a Procedure in Writing, information regarding the extended 
time for replies, shall be given in the same manner as notice of the original Noteholders’ Meeting or the Procedure in 
Writing. The notice shall also state the requirements for the constitution of a quorum. 
Voting rights of Noteholders shall be determined according to the nominal amount of the Notes held. The Issuer and any 
Group companies shall not hold voting rights at any Noteholders’ Meeting or Procedure in Writing.  
Resolutions shall be carried by a majority of more than 50 per cent of the votes cast. A representative of the Issuer and a 
person authorised to act for the Issuer may attend and speak at a Noteholders’ Meeting. 
A Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing is entitled to make the following decisions that are binding upon all 
Noteholders: 
(i) 
change the Final Terms, including approval of any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation 
variation or compromise of the Final Terms or any arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes;  
(ii) waive any breach or consent to any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations under or in respect of 
the Notes; 
 
provided, however, that consent of at least 75 per cent of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of Notes 
outstanding is required to: 
(a) 
change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes; 
(b) decrease the nominal amount of, or interest payable on, a Series of Notes; 
(c) 
extend the term of Notes; 
(d) alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such 
payments; 
(e) 
change the currency of any payment under the Notes; 
(f) 
impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of the Noteholder of any payment under the Notes; 
(g) amend the requirements for the constitution of a quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting or Procedure in Writing; 
or 
(h) amend the majority requirements of the Noteholders’ Meeting or Procedure in Writing. 
The consents can be given at a Noteholders’ Meeting, in the Procedure in Writing or by other verifiable means in writing. 
When consent from the Noteholders representing the requisite majority has been received in the Procedure in Writing, 
the relevant decision shall be deemed to be adopted even if the time period for replies in the Procedure in Writing has not 
yet expired, provided that the Noteholders representing such requisite majority are registered as Noteholders on the list 
of Noteholders provided by Euroclear Finland or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, in accordance with Condition 12 on 
the date when such requisite majority is reached.

--- Page 45 ---
43 
 
The Noteholders’ Meeting and the Procedure in Writing can authorise a named person to take necessary action to enforce 
the decisions of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the Procedure in Writing. 
Resolutions passed at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing shall be binding on all Noteholders of the 
relevant Series of Notes irrespective of whether they have been present at the Noteholders Meeting or participated in the 
Procedure in Writing. A Noteholder is considered to have become aware of a resolution of a Noteholders’ Meeting and a 
Procedure in Writing when, with respect to Notes registered with Euroclear Finland, a decision has been recorded in the 
issue account (Fi. liikkeeseenlaskutili) of the relevant Notes and, with respect to Notes registered with Euroclear Sweden, 
when received by the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. In addition, Noteholders are obligated to inform 
subsequent transferees of Notes of resolutions made at a Noteholders’ Meeting and in a Procedure in Writing. A 
Noteholders’ Meeting’s resolutions must also be notified to the Issuer Agent as well as Euroclear Finland or Euroclear 
Sweden, as applicable, in accordance with the Euroclear Rules and applicable laws.  
Any resolution at a Noteholders’ Meeting or in a Procedure in Writing, which extends or increases the obligations of the 
Issuer, or limits, reduces or extinguishes the rights or benefits of the Issuer, shall be subject to the consent of the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the Issuer is entitled to, without the consent of the Noteholders 
to make appropriate changes to the Final Terms if such changes do not weaken the position of the Noteholders. Any such 
changes shall be binding upon the Noteholders. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders of such changes in accordance 
with Condition 12 above. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of, or notice to, the Noteholders create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon, the issue price, the minimum subscription amount and the date from which interest starts to 
accrue) and so that the same may be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
16.1 
Governing law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, are and shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Finnish law, except for the registration of Notes in Euroclear Sweden, which shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
16.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
Any disputes relating to the Notes shall be settled in the first instance at the District Court of Helsinki (Fi. Helsingin 
käräjäoikeus).

--- Page 46 ---
44 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, which include 
making a profit, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Green Notes 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds from such issue of the 
Notes in whole or in part to finance or refinance Green Assets. Such Notes may also be referred to as Green Bonds.  
For any Green Notes, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the Green Notes will be allocated to the financing 
and/or refinancing of Eligible Green Assets in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework. Further details on 
the use of proceeds, selection and evaluation of Eligible Green Assets, management of proceeds and reporting are set out 
in the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework and summarised in Chapter ‘Summary of the Green Finance Framework’ of 
this document. An independent third party second opinion (“Second Party Opinion”) on the Green Finance Framework 
has been issued by Moody’s Investors Service. Both the Green Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion is 
available on the Issuer’s website https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-investors/green-finance-framework. 
For the avoidance of doubt, payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made from general funds of 
the Issuer and will not be directly or indirectly linked to the performance of the Eligible Green Assets. 
For the purpose of this section: 
Eligible Green Assets means any existing, ongoing and/or future loans or any other form of financing of Eligible Sectors 
selected by the Issuer, which meet the Eligibility Criteria, all in accordance with the Ålandsbanken Green Finance 
Framework. 
Eligible Sectors are sectors outlined in the Bank’s Green Finance Framework and currently include (all as more fully 
described in the Ålandsbanken Green Finance Framework): 
• 
Renewable Energy 
• 
Green Buildings. 
• 
Clean Transportation 
Eligibility Criteria means the criteria with which any loan or any other form of financing should comply, at any time, in 
order to be considered as an Eligible Green Asset (as such criteria may be amended, from time to time, by the Issuer, 
subject to external review by third parties, as the case may be). The Eligibility Criteria are set out in the Issuer’s Green 
Finance Framework, and described in Chapter ‘Summary of the Green Finance Framework’. 
Green Finance Framework means the Green Finance Framework (August 2024) of the Issuer published on its website 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/England/BankofAland_Green_Finance_Framework_August_2024.pdf, as 
amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated from time to time, relating to the issuance of Green Notes. Unless 
otherwise is stipulated, the relevant Final Terms will determine the version of Green Finance Framework which will be 
applicable on the Green Bonds.

--- Page 47 ---
45 
 
SUMMARY OF THE GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
Green Finance Framework 
The Green Finance Framework applicable to Green Notes initially published in September 2021 and updated in August 
2024, supports climate efforts of the Bank and contributes to promoting long-term sustainability development. 
Ålandsbanken’s Green Finance Framework is consistent with the Green Bond Principles administered by the International 
Capital Market Association (“ICMA) and may be updated from time to time. The Green Finance Framework is available 
in 
its 
entirety 
on 
the 
issuer's 
website 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/England/BankofAland_Green_Finance_Framework_August_2024.pdf. 
Use of proceeds  
The net proceeds of the Green Notes issued by Ålandsbanken will be used to finance or refinance the Eligible Green 
Assets belonging to the “Eligible Sectors”: (1) Renewable Energy, (2) Green Buildings, and (3) Clean Transportation, 
each as defined below. 
The Eligible Green Assets are required to meet the following (“Eligibility Criteria”): 
 
(1) Renewable Energy 
 
Renewable energy projects, including development, manufacturing, construction, operation, and maintenance of 
renewable energy from the following sources: 
o 
Wind Energy  
o 
Solar Energy 
(2) Green Buildings 
Residential buildings, including buildings owned by tenant-owner associations, which meet one the following criteria: 
Certifications 
Buildings with the following certification: 
o 
The Nordic Swan Ecolabel certification 
New buildings 
Construction of new buildings with an energy performance classification that is at least 10 per cent lower than the 
primary energy demand resulting from the current national building regulation in accordance with nearly zero-energy 
building (NZEB) requirements. The energy performance is certified using an Energy Performance Certificate (EPC). 
 
Existing buildings 
Ownership or acquisition of buildings, that meet one of the criteria: 
o 
Buildings built before 31 December 2020, where the building has at least an Energy Performance Certificate 
(EPC) class A or where the building is within the top of 15 per cent of the national or regional building 
stock 
o 
Renovations and refurbishment of existing buildings resulting in an annual reduction in primary energy 
demand on a square meter basis of at least 30 per cent compared to the pre-renovation levels 
o 
Buildings built after 31 December 2020 must meet the criteria specified under “New buildings” above 
(3) Clean Transportation 
 
Fully electric and other low-carbon (e.g. hydrogen, plug-in hybrid) vehicles that meet the following criteria: 
o 
Passenger cars and commercial vehicles with zero tailpipe emissions 
o 
Low-carbon vehicles for passenger cars and commercial vehicles with tailpipe emission intensity lower than 
50g CO2/km (WLTP) until December 31, 2025.

--- Page 48 ---
46 
 
The proceeds of Ålandsbanken Green Notes will not be used towards financing entities involved in fossil fuel energy 
operations, weapons manufacturing, coal mining, tobacco production or alcohol production. Fish farming activities 
aiming to increase marine operations are also excluded.  
 
New financing is defined as Eligible Green Assets that are planned, ongoing, or have been finalised up to one year before 
the approval by the Credit Committee of the Executive Team. If the Eligible Green Assets were finalised and taken into 
operation more than one year before approval by the Credit Committee of the Executive Team, they are defined as 
refinancing. Ålandsbanken generally applies a five-year look-back period for the refinancing of Eligible Green Assets, 
but judgement can be used if necessary.  
Project evaluation and selection  
Potential Green Asset evaluation and selection is integrated in the regular credit process where the client, project or asset 
is approved for financing by the Bank. Potential Green Assets are identified among financing originated by each of the 
relevant business units, and its eligibility as a Green Asset is evaluated based on the eligibility criteria set out in the Green 
Finance Framework and is verified from relevant sources. Inclusion in the Green Asset Register requires an approval 
from the Credit Committee of the Executive Team. Proceeds from the issue of Green Notes will be earmarked against the 
relevant Eligible Green Assets within the Green Asset Register and is monitored within the internal systems of the Issuer.  
Management of proceeds  
The proceeds are placed in General Treasury but are tracked in internal systems. The Green Asset Register is monitored 
on a quarterly basis to ensure that all proceeds from Green Notes issuances are allocated to a corresponding amount of 
Eligible Green Assets. The Issuer can only issue Green Notes if a large enough volume of Eligible Green Assets has been 
identified and verified, and if these said assets are approved and registered in the Green Asset Register.  
The Issuer can reallocate funds to other Eligible Green Assets at any time during the term of the Green Notes, and assets 
that exit the Green Assets Register due e.g.to divestments or maturities, or assets that are removed because they no longer 
meet the Eligibility Criteria set out in the Green Finance Framework, will primarily be replaced by other Eligible Green 
Assets.   
 
In cases where there are no Eligible Green Assets available for replacement, and the net proceeds of the Green Notes 
exceed the amount of the Eligible Green Assets, proceeds will temporarily be invested in green bonds, in accordance 
with the Bank’s internal frameworks and the requirements for the liquidity reserve. A preference will be given to GBP-
aligned green bonds.  
Reporting  
As long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will publish a report (“Green Bond Impact Report”) annually, and on a 
timely basis in case of material changes, disclosing both the allocation of the proceeds as well as the environmental impact 
of the financed Eligible Green Assets. In terms of allocation, reporting is done more specifically on (i) the description of 
the outstanding Green Notes issued, (ii) the allocation of proceeds within each Eligible Green Asset category, (iii) the 
amount of unallocated proceeds (iv) the geographical distribution of Eligible Green Assets, on a country level, and (v) 
the ratio of new financing to refinancing. The impact assessment is provided where feasible and is subject to data 
availability. The report is published by the Issuer on https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-investors/green-
finance-framework. 
External review  
The Issuer has obtained an independent third party second opinion (“Second Party Opinion”) from Moody’s Investors 
Service (“Moody’s”) in order to confirm the transparency and strength of the Green Finance Framework. Moody’s has 
assigned an SQS2 Sustainability Score (very good) to Ålandsbanken’s Green Finance Framework. Moody’s has 
confirmed that the framework is aligned with the four core components of the ICMA Green Bond Principles (GBP) 2021 
(including the June 2022 Appendix 1). The Second Party Opinion is based on the last updated version of the framework 
(August 2024), and the opinion reflects Moody’s point-in-time assessment of the details contained in the mentioned 
version of the framework, as well as other public and non-public information provided by the Issuer. Any updates to the 
Green Finance Framework would require a new Second Party Opinion. The opinion is published on the Issuer’s website 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/England/Second_Party_Opinion-Alandsbanken-Abp-Second-Party-
29Aug2024-PBC_1408096.pdf.  
 
The Issuer has not committed to undertake an independent review of the Green Bond Impact Report.

--- Page 49 ---
47 
 
DESCRIPTION OF ÅLANDSBANKEN 
General information 
Ålandsbanken was established on 3 December 1919. Ålandsbanken is a public limited liability company, registered in 
the Finnish Trade Register. The Issuer’s registration number in the Finnish Patent and Registration Office is 0145019-3 
and its domicile is in Mariehamn in the autonomous Finnish Province of Åland. Ålandsbanken is incorporated under the 
laws of Finland. Its legal entity identifier (LEI) number is 7437006WYM821IJ3MN73. The Issuer’s parallel tradename 
is the Bank of Åland Plc. The Issuer’s accounting period is one (1) calendar year. According to article 2 of its articles of 
association, the Issuer engages in business operations of a commercial bank set out in the Credit Institutions Act (laki 
luottolaitostoiminnasta, 610/2014) (as amended). The Issuer also provides investment services and ancillary services as 
defined in Chapter 1 Section 15 and Chapter 2 Section 3 of the Investment Services Act (sijoituspalvelulaki, 747/2012) 
(as amended or as replaced). In addition, the Issuer also conducts mortgage banking activities in accordance with the 
CBA. Its registered address and phone number is as follows: 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Nygatan 2 
22 100 Mariehamn 
Tel. +358 (0) 204 29 011 
 
The Issuer’s website is www.alandsbanken.fi. The information on the website does not form part of the Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. Any supplements to the Base Prospectus 
on the website are also part of the Base Prospectus.  
Ålandsbanken’s core markets are the Åland Islands, mainland Finland and Sweden. Ålandsbanken’s head office is located 
in Mariehamn on the Åland Islands. Ålandsbanken has two offices in the Åland Islands and six offices on the Finnish 
mainland, situated in Helsinki, Parainen, Tampere, Turku, Oulu and Vaasa. Ålandsbanken’s Swedish branch has three 
offices in Sweden situated in Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmö. 
As of 30 June 2024, Ålandsbanken had total assets of EUR 4,782 million, total equity of EUR 311 million and net 
operating profit of EUR 32.5 million (1 January – 30 June 2024). As of 30 June 2023, Ålandsbanken had total assets of 
EUR 5,701 million, total equity of EUR 297 million and net operating profit of EUR 22.5 million (1 January – 30 June 
2023). As of 30 June 2024, the Group had 951 employees based on hours worked, recalculated to full-time equivalent 
positions. 
The focus of Ålandsbanken is on enhancing its role as a bank for investors while also seeking to offer good financing 
know-how and banking services. Its most important operational areas are Private Banking and Premium Banking. 
Ålandsbanken’s Private Banking service provides individuals and corporate customers with banking, financial and 
advisory services. Premium Banking, which is offered mainly to individuals, is a concept that combines banking, financial 
and advisory services with security and lifestyle related services. As a relationship bank, Ålandsbanken seeks to generate 
value for individual clients and their companies by building, deepening and maintaining long-term personal client 
relationships. 
For further information on the Group and the Group’s financial position, please refer to the financial statements and 
capital and risk management reports incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Strategy of Ålandsbanken 
Ålandsbanken is a well-diversified banking group with operations in Banking, Asset Management, IT and Partnership 
Banking in three (3) geographical markets - the Åland Islands, mainland Finland and Sweden. 
Ålandsbanken generates value for individuals and companies by delivering a large bank’s range of services with a smaller 
bank’s thoughtfulness and sense of dedication. The aim is to be the self-evident bank for individuals with ambitions and 
companies that value relationships.  
On the Finnish mainland and in Sweden, Ålandsbanken has a growth strategy as a unique, personal bank targeted to 
entrepreneurs, wealthy families and individual customers with sound finances. Ålandsbanken offers Private and Premium 
Banking concepts, where it focuses on administering its clients’ financial investments profitably and on providing home 
financing solutions. In addition, Ålandsbanken offers asset management services to institutional investors.

--- Page 50 ---
48 
 
In its third market, the Åland Islands, Ålandsbanken’s strategy is to be the largest bank. As a major employer on the 
Åland Islands, Ålandsbanken has an important position in the society and a desire to participate in developing the future 
of the Åland Islands. 
For many years, Ålandsbanken has collaborated with other market players within the IT field via its subsidiary Crosskey 
Banking Solutions Ab Ltd. In the future Ålandsbanken has the ability and the potential to offer products and services to 
other market players within a substantially broader field than IT services alone. In the field of financial technology, 
Ålandsbanken is a versatile and capable partner with the capacity to deliver solutions to companies in most financial 
service areas. Ålandsbanken is also the main service provider to the Swedish mortgage bank Borgo AB.  
Given our close connection to the small community of Åland, located among thousands of islands in the middle of the 
Baltic Sea, sustainability work has been a natural element of our core values for a long time. Together with our customers, 
we have created products and services that both increase awareness and support concrete sustainability projects. 
Sustainability issues are an integral part of our usual operational management, where the Board of Directors, the Executive 
Team and all our employees have their role. Each quarter we transparently report our greenhouse gas emissions according 
to Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP). 
Share capital and shareholders 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of Ålandsbanken was EUR 42,029,289.89. The number of Series 
A shares totals 6,476,138 (representing 129,522,760 votes) and the number of Series B shares totals 8,867,869 
(representing 8,867,869 votes). Each Series A share represents 20 votes and each Series B share one (1) vote at the 
shareholders’ meetings. The Articles of Association stipulate that no representative at the annual general meeting may 
vote for more than one fortieth (1/40) of the number of votes represented at the meeting. 
 
As of 28 June 2024, there were eight (8) shareholders in Ålandsbanken holding more than two (2) per cent of the share 
capital or the votes, as shown in the table below. The list below also includes companies within each shareholder’s group 
as well as other companies controlled by each shareholder.  
 
The following table sets forth the eight largest shareholders of the Issuer as of 28 June 2024: 
 
Shareholder 
Series A 
shares 
Series B 
shares 
Total 
% of shares 
% of 
votes 
1. Wiklöf Anders (and Wiklöf controlled 
companies) 
1,993,534 
1,332,961 
3,326,495 
21.68% 
29.77% 
2. Nominee registered shareholders in 
Nordea Bank Abp 
1,062 
921,906 
922,968 
6.02% 
0.68% 
3. Alandia Group (insurance group) 
754,908 
52,632 
807,540 
5.26% 
10.95% 
4. Fennogens Investments S.A. 
616,764 
165,467 
782,231 
5.10% 
9.03% 
5. Veritas Pension Insurance Company 
123,668 
265,754 
389,422 
2.54% 
1.98% 
6. Chilla Capital   
277,500 
0 
277,500 
1.81% 
4.01% 
7. Lundqvist Ben Hugo    
273,795 
0 
273,795 
1.78% 
3.96% 
8. Svenska Litteratursällskapet i Finland r.f. 
208,750 
0 
208,750 
1.36% 
3.02% 
As far as Ålandsbanken is aware there are no arrangements that may result in a change of control of Ålandsbanken. 
Business activities  
Ålandsbanken is a full-service bank primarily targeting customers needing financial investment and wealth management 
services. Corporate banking services are only offered to customers in the Åland islands.   
Ålandsbanken Fondbolag Ab manages Ålandsbanken's investment funds. The range of funds is tailored to the investment 
needs of Ålandsbanken's customers. In addition to operating ordinary investment funds (UCITS), Ålandsbanken 
Fondbolag Ab is also authorised to manage alternative investment funds (AIF). Ålandsbanken Fondbolag Ab manages 
assets of approximately EUR 4.7 billion as of 30 June 2024. 
 
Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd is offering a full range of IT services to financial service providers in Finland and 
Sweden, Ålandsbanken being its largest customer. The number of customers is growing in capital markets systems as 
well as in core banking solutions.

--- Page 51 ---
49 
 
Ålandsbanken has business partnerships with several financial technology companies and a Swedish mortgage company 
and supplies services to companies operating in the financial services sector. The Issuer is also a shareholder in a few of 
strategic partners, the main shareholdings being Borgo AB, Doconomy AB,Dreams AB and Plusius AB. 
A significant proportion of the Group’s lending activities is comprised of lending to private individuals and households. 
As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s total lending was EUR 3,530 million, of which 73 per cent constituted loans to private 
individuals or households. The Group’s total home loan lending as of 30 June 2024 was EUR 1,864 million and as of 30 
June 2023 was EUR 2,471 million, or 53 per cent and 58 per cent of total lending, respectively. As of 30 June 2024, the 
total lending in Sweden was EUR 822 million, or 23 per cent of the total lending of the Group.  
The audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 include certain statistical information on the 
Group’s lending activities: 
• 
Loan Portfolio: for information in relation to the Group’s loan portfolio, please see Notes G17. (Classification 
of financial assets and liabilities), G18. (Measurement of financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value), 
G19. (Assets and liabilities by currency), G20. (Holdings of debt securities), G21. (Lending to credit institutions) 
and G22. (Lending to public) in the 2023 Financial Statements and the chart entitled “Remaining maturity” on 
page 80 of the 2023 Financial Statements. 
• 
Impaired Loans: for information in relation to the Group’s impaired loans, please see Note G14. In addition, for 
a discussion of the Group’s loan origination and monitoring procedures, its customer concentrations, large 
exposures, institutional counterparty risk exposure and collateral policy, please see the “Capital and risk 
management report” (i.e. Pillar 3-report) as of the 31 December 2023. 
Organisational structure 
The following group chart presents the Group’s structure as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Ålandsbanken is the parent company of the Group. 
Ålandsbanken has two wholly owned subsidiaries. The wholly owned subsidiaries are Ålandsbanken Fondbolag Ab and 
Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd.  
Ålandsbanken Fondbolag Ab, domiciled in Mariehamn, is a fund management company pursuant to the Finnish Act on 
Investment Funds (sijoitusrahastolaki, 213/2019) (as amended). Ålandsbanken Fondbolag Ab has an important role in 
the provision of the asset management services as it provides the services and products on which the Issuer’s advisory 
service is based on.

--- Page 52 ---
50 
 
Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd, domiciled in Mariehamn, develops, sells and supports banking systems to small and 
medium-sized banks primarily in the Nordic countries. The subsidiary of Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd, S-Crosskey 
Ab, is 60 per cent owned by Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd and is domiciled in Mariehamn. Crosskey Banking 
Solutions Ab Ltd provides the Issuer and the group banking systems and has thus an important role in the overall 
operations of the Issuer. 
In Sweden, Ålandsbanken operates through its Swedish branch, Ålandsbanken Abp (Finland), svensk filial. 
 
Ålandsbanken became a co-owner of the new company Alandia Holding Ab on 30 June 2021. The other co-owners are 
the pension insurance company Veritas Pension Insurance Company Ltd, the cruise ferry company Viking Line Abp, 
Föreningen Konstsamfundet r.f., which is an association that supports the arts in Swedish-speaking Finland, Lundquist 
Shipping Company Limited and Wiklöf Holding Ab. As of 31 December 2022, Alandia Holding Ab owned 24.9 per cent 
of the insurance company Alandia Försäkring Abp and Ålandsbanken owned 27.5 per cent of Alandia Holding Ab. 
 
Borgo Partnership 
In September 2019, Borgo AB entered into a partnership with ICA Banken Ab, Ikano Bank Ab, Söderberg & Partners 
and Ålandsbanken for the purpose of creating a new Swedish mortgage company. In August 2021, Sparbanken Syd, a 
southern Swedish savings bank, also signed a binding agreement with Borgo to join the partnership. The five industrial 
investors will distribute Borgo’s mortgage loans and receive commission from Borgo in return. Each industrial investor 
will set its own price, apply relevant discounts and following origination, handle first line customer support.  
 
Together with its information technology subsidiary Crosskey Banking Solutions Ab Ltd, Ålandsbanken is supplying 
platform solutions for the new mortgage company and contributing its existing knowledge on mortgage loan management.    
  
In March 2021, Borgo received permission from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority to operate a financing 
business and to issue covered bonds. In the fourth quarter, the company started its operations in Sweden.  
 
A transfer of Swedish home mortgage loans from Ålandsbanken to Borgo was completed on 11 September 2023. The 
nominal amount of the mortgage portfolio that was transferred was SEK 5.8 billion. The portfolio consisted of home 
mortgage loans mediated by ICA Banken and Söderberg& Partners Bolån. The transfer did not have any significant effect 
on Ålandsbanken’s earnings, but it freed up liquidity and capital.  
 
The third and final transfer of Swedish home mortgage loans from Ålandsbanken to Borgo was completed on 10 June 
2024. The nominal amount of the mortgage portfolio that was transferred was SEK 3.0 billion. The portfolio consisted of 
loans mediated by ICA Banken and Ålandsbanken. The transfer had no significant effect on Ålandsbanken’s earnings, 
but it freed up liquidity and capital.  
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ålandsbanken’s ownership stake in Borgo AB is 8.4 per cent. 
Significant or material change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Group since 31 December 
2023 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
Capital adequacy  
The size of the Issuer’s capital requirement is stipulated in the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (laki 
luottolaitostoiminnasta, 610/2014) (as amended or as replaced). The capital needs of banks are formulated in the 
regulations as capital requirements stating how much capital the banks need to maintain in relation to the risks found in 
their operations. These capital requirements are divided into Pillar 1 requirements, Pillar 2 requirements, combined buffer 
requirements. In addition to binding capital requirements, there is Pillar 2 guidance. Pillar 1 requirements are the same 
for all institutions, and Pillar 2 requirements are set individually for each institution by a regulatory authority. The 
regulator has established Pillar 2 guidance of 0.75 percent for the Issuer.   
According to the Pillar 1 requirements in Article 92 of the CRR, institutions must have a capital base that always fulfils 
the following requirements in relation to the risk exposure amount (REA):  
• 
A common equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of at least 4.5 per cent; 
• 
A Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6 per cent; and 
• 
A total capital ratio of at least 8 per cent

--- Page 53 ---
51 
 
The Pillar 2 capital requirements are calculated by evaluating other risks that are not covered by Pillar 1 regulations. The 
Issuer assesses the capital requirements for these risks yearly by means of the internal capital adequacy assessment 
process. The requirements are then established or adjusted by FIN-FSA through a supervisory review and evaluation 
process. The FIN-FSA has established additional capital requirements of 1.0 per cent to be effective from the end of the 
third quarter of 2021. In the last supervisory review process performed in the autumn of 2023 the requirement was 
extended for another three years, starting in the third quarter of 2024. The requirement is valid for a maximum of three 
years or until FIN-FSA communicates a diverging requirement for the Issuer. Three fourths of the Pillar 2 requirement 
must be covered by Tier 1 capital, of which three fourths CET1 capital. 
In addition to these requirements, institutions must also maintain capital in the form of combined buffer requirements 
against economic downturns. These combined buffer requirements are established in the CRD and in the Finnish Act on 
Credit Institutions. 
Ålandsbanken’s capital requirement for credit risks is calculated according to the IRB approach in the Finnish retail 
lending portfolio. For the corporate exposure class, the Issuer applies the fundamental internal ratings based (F-IRB) 
approach. In Sweden and other countries, the capital requirement is calculated entirely using the standardised approach. 
For all other exposure categories, including equity exposures, the Issuer uses the standardised approach to calculate the 
capital requirement for credit risk. The capital requirement for operational risks is calculated according to the standardised 
approach. 
 
For further information about the Group’s risk and capital management, capital base and capital adequacy calculations, 
please see the Issuer’s Capital and risk management report (i.e. Pillar 3-report) as of 31 December 2023. 
Recent events 
 
Share savings programme 
 
During the first quarter of 2024, Ålandsbanken issued 21,809 Series B shares to fulfil its commitments as part of the 
2023/2024 share savings programme. 
 
Dividend 
 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the total dividend of the Issuer for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2023 amounts to EUR 40.7 million in aggregate or EUR 2.65 per share. 
Litigation 
Of Ålandsbanken’s Stage 3 impairment loss provisions, EUR 6.0 million is related to a case in Sweden caused by credit 
fraud, where the customers were sentenced to prison terms for this crime. Ålandsbanken has the requisite insurance 
against crime, but after its investigation in 2023 the insurance company did not share Ålandsbanken’s opinion that the 
insurance policy should cover this damage. The case concerning the validity of the crime insurance policy will be 
adjudicated through a lawsuit during 2024.  
A lawsuit was filed in January 2024 against Ålandsbanken from a bankruptcy estate, demanding an amount from the 
Bank in the range of EUR 6.5 million. Ålandsbanken disputes this demand.  
The Issuer considers that there are no other governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
Material contracts 
 
To the best of Ålandsbanken’s knowledge, there are no material contracts entered into outside the ordinary course of 
Ålandsbanken’s business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to Ålandsbanken’s ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities being issued.

--- Page 54 ---
52 
 
MANAGEMENT 
The Board of Directors of Ålandsbanken has overall responsibility for the activities of the Group and decides on the 
nature of its business and its business strategies and goals. 
The Managing Director supervises the business operations of Ålandsbanken in accordance with the Board of Director’s 
instructions and is responsible for the day-to-day administration. 
The Executive Team serves as an advisory team to the Managing Director. 
The Board of Directors has instituted a nomination committee (the Nomination Committee), an audit committee (the 
Audit Committee) and a compensation committee (the Compensation Committee). 
The Board of Directors 
The members of the Board of Directors are annually elected by a simple majority of the shareholders’ votes represented 
at the annual general meeting for a one-year term ending at close of the next annual general meeting. 
The Board of Directors consists of seven (7) directors which are presented below. 
 
NILS LAMPI, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Bachelor of Economic Sciences, born 1948 
 
Background  
Wiklöf Holding, CEO (1992 –); Wiklöf Holding Ab, Managing Director (1990 – 1991); AW Line Ab, Deputy Managing 
Director (1988 – 1989); Föreningsbanken i Finland, Director (1986 – 1987); Helsingfors Aktiebank, Director (1980 – 
1985); Ålands Landskapsstyrelse, Administrative Officer of the Province (1975 – 1979) 
 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust:  
Aktia Bank Abp, Aktia Abp, member of the Board of Directors (2010 – 2013); Åland Post Ab, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors (2011 –2020); Nordea, Member of the Delegation (2005 – 2009); Best- Hall Oy, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors (1997 –); Ab ME Group Oy Ltd, Chairman of the Board of Directors (1990 –); Ab Mathias Eriksson / 
Ab Mariehamns Parti, Chairman of the Board of Directors (1990 –2019, member of the Board of Directors (2019-)); 
Skärgårdshavets Helikoptertjänst Ab, Chairman of the Board of Directors (1990 –2019); Hotell Arkipelag Ab, Chairman 
of the Board of Directors (1989 – 2015); Ålandsdelegationen, Member (1983 –  ); Scandinavian Air Ambulance Ab, 
Member of the Board of Directors (2008 – 2010) 
CHRISTOFFER TAXELL, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Master of Laws, Member, born 1948 
 
Background  
Partek Oyj Abp, President and Chief Executive Officer (1990 – 2002); Swedish People´s Party of Finland National Party, 
Leader (1985 – 1990); Minister of Education (1987 – 1990); Minister of Justice (1979 – 1987); Member of the Parliament 
(1975 – 1991) 
 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust:  
Partek Oyj Abp, Member of the Board of Directors (1984 – 2002); Åbolands Skärgårdsstiftelse sr, Member of the Board 
of Directors (2017–); Rettig Group Ab, Member of the Board of Directors (2012 – 2017); Luvata Oy, Member of the 
Board of Directors (2005 – 2014); Föreningen Konstsamfundet, Chairman of the Board of Directors, (2004 – 2017), 
Member of the Board of Directors (1996 – 2003); Svenska litteratursällskapet, member of the Financial Affairs (1982 – 
2016); Stiftelsen för Åbo Akademi, Chairman for the Delegation (2013–2018), Chairman of the Foundation´s Board of 
Directors (2003 – 2012); Member of the Foundation´s Board of Directors (1988 – 2012); Sampo Abp, Member of the 
Board of Directors (1998 –2013); Finnair Abp, Chairman of the Board of Directors (2003 – 2011); Stockmann Oyj Abp, 
Chairman of the Board of Directors (2007 – 2014), Member of the Board of Directors (1985 – 2014) 
 
ANDERS Å KARLSSON, Bachelor of Commerce, born 1959 
 
Background:  
Chips Abp, CFO and Deputy Managing Director (1987 – 2009); Plasto Ab, Financial Manager (1983 – 1987)

--- Page 55 ---
53 
 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust:  
Alandia Försäkring Abp, Member of the Board of Directors (2021 -); Ålands Skogsindustrier Ab, Member of the Board 
of Directors (2015 –); Ålands Skogsägare Andelselag, Member of the Board of Directors (2010–2017); Ålands 
Ömsesidiga Försäkringsbolag, Member of the Board of Directors (2011 – 2017); Ålands Penningautomatförening (PAF), 
Member of the Board of Directors (2010 – 2018); Ålands Bygg Ab Member of the Board of Directors (2010 –2021); 
Ålands Bygg Fastighets Ab, Member of the Board of Directors (2010–2021); Fastighets Ab Norragatan 17, Member of 
the Board of Directors (2010–); Ålands Centralandelslag, Member of the Board of Directors (2010 – 2016); Ålands 
Skogsägarförbund Andelslag, Member of the Board of Directors (2010 – 2017); Ab Skogen, Member of the Board of 
Directors (2010 – 2016); Chips Abp, Member of the Board of Directors (2005 – 2009); Ålands Tidnings-Tryckeri Ab, 
Member of the Board of Directors (1990 – 2003); Authorised Accountant in different companies (1987 – 2003) 
MIREL LEINO-HALTIA, PhD (Econ.), CFA, born 1971 
 
Background: 
PwC Finland (2000-2009); Partner PwC Finland (2009-2018); Professor of Practice, Aalto University (2019-) 
 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust: 
Sitowise Plc, Member of the Board of Directors (2021 -) Chair of the Audit Committee (2022 -); Teleste Plc. Member 
of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit Committee (2020 -); LocalTapiola Mutual Life Insurance member of 
the Board of Directors (2019 -); Euroclear Finland Ltd. Member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit 
Committee (2018 -); Nixu Certification Ltd. Member of the Board  of Directors (2022 -); Indufor Ltd. Chair of the 
Board of Directors (2019 -); Finnish Association of Authorized Public Accountants Member of the Board of Directors 
(2021 -) 
 
MALIN LOMBARDI, Master of Laws, born 1980 
 
Background: 
 
BoardClic, Stockholm, Co-founder and Governance Director (2018-); Lagercrantz Associates, Stockholm, Partner and 
Board Adviser (2015-2022); Roschier Attorneys Ltd, Stockholm, Senior Associate (2006-2015) 
 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust: 
Quoted Companies Alliance, Member of the Corporate Governance Expert Group (2023) 
 
ULRIKA VALASSI, Bachelor of Business Administration, born 1967 
 
Background: 
Au Management AB, Founder (2013–); DBT Capital AB, Credit & Risk Function  (2017–2022); Transcendent Group 
AB, Risk (2015 – 2017); Landshypotek Bank, Stockholm, Credit (2011 – 2013); SEB, Stockholm & New York – Credits, 
Risk control(1994-2011); Öhrling Revisionsbyrå, Assistant Auditor (1993-1994) 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust:  
Dreams Securities AB (2019 -); Sparbanken Sjuhärad (2022-); Swedencare AB (2023-); Insatt Group AB (2022-); Pamica 
Group AB (2023-); Emilshus AB (2024-); Hemfosa Fastigheter AB, Member of the Board of Directors (2015 – 2019); 
Hypoteket Bolån Sverige AB (2019 –); Intrum Justitia AB, Member of the Board of Directors (2016 – 2017); Qliro AB 
(2015 – 2016); Wellstreet, Advisory board member (2023-); Niam Credits, Advisory board member (2023-)  
 
 
ANDERS WIKLÖF, Kommerseråd Business owner, born 1946 
 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust:  
Ålandsbanken Abp, Member of the Board of Directors (2006 –); Chairman of the Board of Governors (2001 – 2003); 
Member of the Board of Governors (1983 – 2003); Ålands Ömsesidiga Försäkringsbolag; Vice Chairman of the Board 
of Governors (2003 – 2011); Chairman of the Board of Governors (1998 – 2002); Member of the Chairman of the Board 
of Governors (1991 –  2011); Wiklöf Holding Ab; Chairman of the Board of Directors (1987 –); Stiftelsen Ålandsfonden 
för Östersjöns framtid, Member of the Delegation

--- Page 56 ---
54 
 
Nomination Committee 
The Nomination Committee is responsible for the preparation of the election of the board members at the annual general 
meeting and for giving proposals regarding the compensation of the Board of Directors. The Nomination Committee has 
four members, consisting of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and one representative of each of the three 
shareholders with the largest number of voting shares as of 1 November each year. The Nomination Committee consists 
of the Chairman of the Board Nils Lampi, member of the Board Anders Wiklöf by virtue of his direct and indirect 
shareholding, Stefan Björkman a representative of Alandia Försäkring and Georg Ehrnrooth as a representative of 
Fennogens Investments S.A. Anders Wiklöf is the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its duties in overseeing the internal control and risk 
management systems, reporting, the audit process and observance of laws and regulations. In addition, before the annual 
general meeting the Audit Committee prepares proposals for the election of auditors and their fees. The Audit Committee 
consists of the board members Ulrika Valassi, Mirel Leino-Haltia, Anders Å Karlsson and Nils Lampi. Ulrika Valassi is 
the Chairman of the Audit Committee. 
Compensation Committee 
The Compensation Committee is responsible for the preparation of material compensation-related decisions and the 
evaluation of compensation policies and principles for variable compensation. The Compensation Committee decides on 
measures for monitoring the application of the principles for the compensation system and assesses their suitability and 
effect on the Group’s risks and risk management. The Compensation Committee consist of the board members Nils 
Lampi, Malin Lombardi and Christoffer Taxell. Christoffer Taxell is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. 
The Managing Director and the Executive Team 
The Board of Directors has adopted rules of procedures for the Group with internal guidelines regarding, among other 
matters, the work of the Managing Director and the Executive Team. 
The Managing Director supervises the business operations of Ålandsbanken in accordance with the instructions of the 
Board of Directors and is responsible for the day-to-day administration of Ålandsbanken.  
The Executive Team serves as an advisory team to the Managing Director and has decision making powers in any matters 
that the Board of Directors has delegated to it.

--- Page 57 ---
55 
 
The Executive Team consists of seven (7) persons who are presented below. 
 
PETER WIKLÖF  
Master of Laws 
Managing Director  
Born 1966  
Member of the Executive Team since 2008 
Chairman  
JAN-GUNNAR EURELL  
Master of Business Administration, 
Bachelor of Science (Economics) 
Chief Financial Officer 
Deputy Managing Director 
Born 1959 
Member of the Executive Team since 2011 
 
MIKAEL MÖRN 
Diploma in business 
Director, Åland Business Area 
Born 1965 
Member of the Executive Team since 2017 
 
TOVE ERIKSLUND 
Master of Business Administration 
Chief Administrative Officer 
 
Born 1967 
Member of the Executive Team since 2006 
 
ANNE-MARIA SALONIUS 
Master of Laws (trained on the bench) 
Director, Finnish Mainland Business Area 
Born 1964 
Member of the Executive Team since 2010 
 
MAGNUS JOHANSSON 
Master of Science in Business and Economics 
Director, Sweden Business Area 
Born 1972 
Member of the Executive Team since 2017 
 
JUHANA RAUTHOVI 
Licentiate of Laws  
Master of Science (Economics) 
Master of Science (Technology) 
Master in International Management 
Chief Risk and Compliance Officer 
Born 1975 
Member of the Executive Team since 2012 
 
 
 
 
 
SOFIE HOLMSTRÖM 
Master of Science in Engineering 
B.Sc. in Business Administration 
Born 1985 
Member of the Executive Team since 2021 
 
General information on the management of Ålandsbanken 
The Board of Directors has adopted and applies the Finnish Corporate Governance Code (the Code). The Code is applied 
according to the “comply or explain” principle, which means that departures from its recommendations must be disclosed 
and explained. Ålandsbanken departs from Recommendation 15, “Appointment of members to the committees”, since 
the Nomination Committee may include members who are not members of the Board of Directors of Ålandsbanken.   
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and the Executive Team is Ålandsbanken Abp, Post Box 
3, AX-22101 Mariehamn, Finland. 
Independence of directors 
According to the Board of Directors’ evaluation, all Board members are independent in relation to Ålandsbanken. The 
Board members Christoffer Taxell, Mirel Leino-Haltia, Ulrika Valassi and Malin Lombardi are independent in relation 
to significant shareholders. Nils Lampi represents Wiklöf Holding Ab which has significant holding in Ålandsbanken 
shares or total voting power and therefore Mr. Lampi is not independent in relation to significant shareholders. Anders 
Wiklöf personally and through his companies owns more than 20 per cent of Ålandsbanken’s shares or total voting power 
and therefore is not independent in relation to significant shareholders. Anders Å Karlsson is member of the Board of 
Directors in Alandia Försäkring which is the second largest shareholder in Ålandsbanken and therefore is not independent 
in relation to significant shareholders of Ålandsbanken.

--- Page 58 ---
56 
 
Conflicts of interests  
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties of the members of the Board of Directors, Nomination Committee, 
Audit Committee, Compensation Committee or the Executive Team to Ålandsbanken and their private interests or duties.

--- Page 59 ---
57 
 
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT 
 
The following is a summarized presentation of certain aspects of the banking regulatory environment in which the 
Issuer operates: 
Capital requirements and standards 
In December 2017, the finalised Basel III framework (the Basel IV package), was published by the Basel committee. 
The Basel IV package will according to the current expected timeline be implemented in 2025 and includes revisions to 
capital requirements calculation of credit risk, operational risk and credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk. The Basel IV 
package sets a minimum leverage ratio buffer for large and systemically important institutions and introduces a new 
output floor for banks using internal models. In addition, revisions to market risk (so called Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book) were initially agreed in 2016 (a revision was published on 14 January 2019) and will be implemented 
together with the Basel IV package in 2025. On credit risk, the package includes revisions to both the IRB approach, 
where restrictions to the use of IRB for certain exposures are implemented, as well as to the standardised approach. 
 
The output floor sets a minimum level for the risk weighted assets calculated according to the internal models. Output 
floor requires that the amount of risk weighted assets should be at least 72.5 per cent of the total Pillar 1 risk exposure 
amount calculated with the standardised approaches for credit-, market- and operational risk. Output floor is expected to 
be fully phased in over a period from 2025 to 2030. The output floor generally leads to higher capital requirements for 
banks using IRB approaches, especially for Nordic banks. Both the current updates to the CRR and the CRD as well as 
the Basel IV package could affect the Groups capital relations negatively.  
 
The FIN-FSA has established buffer requirements related to Pillar 2 capital adequacy regulations totalling 1 per cent of 
the Group’s risk exposure amount starting in the third quarter of 2021. The requirement is valid for a maximum of three 
years. In the last supervisory review process performed in the autumn of 2023 the requirement was extended for another 
three years, starting in the third quarter of 2024. The requirement must be covered by 0.56 percentage points of Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital. As of 31 March 2024, Ålandsbanken is also subject to an indicative additional capital requirement 
(Pillar 2 Guidance, P2G) of 0,75 per cent which must be covered with Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. Any updates to 
the Pillar 2 capital requirement by the FIN-FSA could affect the Group´s capital position negatively. 
 
The FIN-FSA deactivated the systemic risk buffer requirement set for Finnish banks in spring 2020 to mitigate the effects 
of the Covid-19 pandemic. The FIN-FSA has imposed a systemic risk buffer of 1 per cent starting in April 2024. These 
and other changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements imposed on the Issuer may require the Issuer to raise 
additional Tier 1, common equity Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital by way of further issuances of securities and could result in 
existing Tier 1 and Tier 2 securities ceasing to count towards the Issuer’s regulatory capital, either at the same level as of 
present or at all. 
 
Resolution Laws 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the BRRD) entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide 
authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as 
to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an 
institution's failure on the economy and financial system. The BRRD was implemented in Finland through the Act on 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta, 
1194/2014) (as amended) (the Resolution Act) and the Act on Financial Stability Authority (laki 
rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta, 1195/2014) (as amended), together the Finnish Resolution Laws. 
The Resolution Act contains resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the Resolution 
Authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative 
private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution 
action is in the public interest. One of these tools is bail-in - which gives the Resolution Authority the power to write 
down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution (which write-down may result in the reduction of such 
claims to zero) and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity or other instruments of ownership (the general 
bail-in tool), which equity and other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
Relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in tool would include the claims of the Noteholders in respect of any Notes 
issued under the Programme, although in the case of the CBA Covered Bonds, this would only be the case if and to the 
extent that the amounts payable of the CBA Covered Bonds exceeded the value of the cover asset pool collateral against 
which payment of those amounts is secured.

--- Page 60 ---
58 
 
The general bail-in tool power can be used to ensure that Tier 1 and Tier 2 Instruments fully absorb losses at the point of 
non-viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any other resolution action is taken. The BRRD 
specifies the order in which the bail-in tool should be applied, reflecting the hierarchy of capital instruments under CRD 
IV and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency. In addition, the bail-in power contains a 
specific safeguard with the aim that shareholders and creditors do not receive a less favourable treatment than they would 
have received in ordinary insolvency proceedings of the relevant entity, however such safeguard may not be applicable 
to the statutory write-down and conversion power available to resolution authorities in connection with Tier 1 and Tier 2 
Instruments. 
The powers set out in the Finnish Resolution Laws will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The Notes could be subject to general bail-in tool. The 
determination that all or a part of the principal amount of the Notes will be subject to the general bail-in tool, is likely to 
be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the Group’s control. The 
application of the general bail-in tool with respect to the Notes, may result in the cancellation of all or a portion of the 
principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes. Accordingly, potential investors in the Notes should consider the risk that 
the general bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down power (as the case may be) may be applied in such a manner as 
to result in Noteholders losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security 
than the Notes, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly fewer protections 
than those typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the Resolution Authority may exercise its authority to apply 
the general bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down power (as the case may be) without providing any advance notice 
to the Noteholders. Noteholders may also have limited or no rights to challenge any decision of the Resolution Authority 
to exercise the general bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down power (as the case may be) or to have that decision 
reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
Application of the general bail-in tool could also involve modifications to or the disapplication of provisions in the 
conditions of the Notes, including alteration of the nominal amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity 
date or any other dates on which payments may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period. As a 
result, the exercise of any power under the Finnish Resolution Laws or any suggestion of such exercise could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. 
The BRRD and the Resolution Act introduced a requirement for credit institutions and investment firms to meet the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) for the purposes of ensuring sufficient loss 
absorbing capacity to enable the continuity of critical functions without recourse to public funds. The Resolution 
Authority has given the Group a formal MREL requirement, which has been effective as of 1 January 2022.

--- Page 61 ---
59 
 
FINNISH COVERED BOND ACT 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the CBA, through which the Covered Bond Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 is implemented. The CBA repealed the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity on 8 July 2022. In 
addition, the summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Finnish legislative 
and regulatory framework for covered bonds under the CBA. Please also refer to the “Risk Factors”. The terms defined 
in this section apply in the context of this section only.  
 
Background 
In November 2019, the European Parliament and the Council adopted Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the Covered Bond Directive) and the Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019. The Covered Bond Directive and the 
aforementioned regulation came into effect on 7 January 2020. The Covered Bond Directive aims to provide for a 
common definition of Covered Bonds in the EU, defining the structural features of the instrument and identifying those 
high-quality assets that can be considered eligible in the pool backing the debt obligations. The Covered Bond Directive 
also aims to establish a sound special public supervision for Covered Bonds and sets out the rules allowing the use of the 
‘European Covered Bonds’ label. 
 
In Finland, the CBA started to apply on 8 July 2022, repealing Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Operations (laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta, 688/2010 (the MCBA).  
 
The CBA enables the issue of covered bonds (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat) which are debt instruments secured by the 
cover asset pool. The CBA regulates which assets can be used as collateral for the covered bonds and the quality of such 
assets. They are issued by credit institutions (such as the Issuer) which are authorised to engage in mortgage banking 
activity (in Finnish: kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each an Issuer). 
 
Supervision 
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the CBA and may issue regulations for risk 
management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit business operations. If an issuer does not comply with the 
provisions of the CBA or the conditions of the license granted by the FIN-FSA, the FIN-FSA shall lay down a period in 
which the issuer must fulfil any requirements set by the FIN-FSA. If such requirements are not fulfilled within the set 
period, the FIN-FSA may cancel the issuer’s authorisation to engage in mortgage credit business. 
 
Authorisation under the CBA  
The issuing of covered bonds under the CBA requires that the issuer has a separate license for mortgage banking activity 
which is applied from the FIN-FSA. Issuers authorised under the MCBA were required to apply for the license under the 
CBA by 31 March 2022. Mortgage credit business is a line of banking business which involves the issuing of covered 
bonds collateralised by loans secured by residential property, shares in Finnish housing companies (apartments), 
commercial real estate or shares in real estate companies as well as the claims against public-sector bodies. A credit 
institution must fulfil certain requirements prescribed in the CBA in order to be able to obtain authorisation from the FIN-
FSA to engage in mortgage credit business. The FIN-FSA shall grant the authorisation, if, based on the evidence obtained 
from the credit institution, it can be assured of, among other things, that the business plan presented by the issuer is 
sufficiently comprehensive, that the credit institution has in place suitable procedures and instruments for managing the 
risk entailed in holding the assets in the CBA Cover Asset Pool, that mortgage banking activity is being conducted in 
accordance with the CBA and the regulations given by virtue of it, and that the activity of the credit institution is stable 
and that its economic position and operational capability are sufficient to secure the repayment of covered bonds. 
Moreover, the FIN-FSA shall be assured that the register of covered bonds of the issuer fulfils the statutory requirements, 
and the issuer must have principles and policies for valuation of collateral and the expertise and professional skill required 
by mortgage banking activity. Additionally, the FIN-FSA may grant the authorisation only if it is not aware of anything, 
pursuant to which the liquidity, solvency, or the economic position otherwise or the risk management of the issuer would 
be jeopardised. In addition to credit institutions authorised separately to engage in mortgage credit business, also mortgage 
credit banks whose activities are exclusively restricted to carrying out mortgage credit business are entitled to issue 
covered bonds after receiving the authorisations referred to in Section 4 and Section 8 of the CBA. 
Register for Covered Bonds 
The CBA requires the issuer to maintain a register (the Register for Covered Bonds) for the covered bonds and the 
collateral which forms the assets in the CBA Cover Asset Pool for the CBA Covered Bonds. The actual entry of the 
covered bonds and relevant derivative contracts in the Register for Covered Bonds is necessary to confer the preferential

--- Page 62 ---
60 
 
right in the CBA Cover Asset Pool. Further, only assets entered into the Register for Covered Bonds form part of the 
CBA Cover Asset Pool. 
The Register for Covered Bonds must list, amongst other things, the covered bonds issued by the issuer and the assets in 
the CBA Cover Asset Pool and Derivative Transactions relating thereto along with any Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans 
entered into on behalf of the issuer. Furthermore, as the issuer is, pursuant to Section 29 of the CBA, entitled to use 
different cover asset pools for different covered bonds, the Register for Covered Bonds must also specify which cover 
asset pools constitute collateral for which covered bonds. In other words, the collateral shall be entered in the Register 
for Covered Bonds as collateral for specified covered bonds. Only the issuer is entitled to provide security to a covered 
bond. Moreover, after the commencement of a bankruptcy or a liquidation of the issuer, the funds accrued on the collateral 
shall be separated from other assets of the credit institution having given the collateral in question, and they shall be 
entered into the Register for Covered Bonds.  
The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the Register for Covered Bonds, including the due and proper recording of 
assets. The information in the Register for Covered Bonds must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
The covered bonds shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets, the Cover Asset Pool. Eligible 
assets which are permitted as collateral for covered bonds consist of Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute 
Collateral, each as defined in the CBA as follows: 
Mortgage Loans are Housing Loans or Commercial Real Estate Loans. 
Housing Loans are, provided that the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR are met, loans secured by (i) 
mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of 
the Finnish Land Code (maakaari 540/1995) (as amended); or (ii) shares in a housing company referred to in Chapter 1, 
Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies (asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009) (as amended) or shares 
comparable thereto, participations and rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, 
situated in another State belonging to the EEA. 
Commercial Real Estate Loans are, provided that the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR are met, loans 
secured by (i) mortgageable real estate for commercial or office purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 
19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code; or (ii) shares of a housing company or a real estate company referred to in Chapter 
28, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies entitling the holder to occupancy of the commercial or office 
premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the EEA.  
Public-Sector Loans are loans (i) which have been granted to a state, municipality, central bank or other public-sector 
entity provided that such fulfils the requirements prescribed in Article 129, Paragraph 1, Subparagraph (a) or (b) of CRR 
or (ii) fully collateralised by a guarantee as for its own debt by a public-sector entity referred to in point (i).  
Substitute Collateral may only be used for fulfilling the liquidity requirement and as collateral for covered bonds on a 
temporary basis and in the circumstances set out in the CBA (see “Substitute Collateral” below). 
At most 10 per cent of the total nominal amount of collateral in a cover asset pool may consist of Commercial Real Estate 
Loans (unless otherwise agreed in the terms and conditions of the notes) and at most 20 per cent of the total nominal 
amount of collateral in a cover asset pool may consist of Substitute Collateral. However, assets which are used to cover 
the liquidity buffer requirement (see "Requirements relating to liquidity" below) shall not fall within the scope of the 20 
per cent. restriction concerning Substitute Collateral. Substitute Collateral may only be used as collateral for covered 
bonds on a temporary basis and in the circumstances set out in the CBA (see “Substitute Collateral” below). The FIN-
FSA may grant an exemption from the requirement in respect of Substitute Collateral. 
Derivative Transactions concluded for hedging against risks related to covered bonds must be registered in the Register 
for Covered Bonds and therefore constitute part of the assets in the cover asset pool. 
Quality of the cover pool assets 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
It is not possible to directly record collateral for an individual covered bond. Pursuant to the CBA, collateral shall be 
included in a cover asset pool and each covered bond can simultaneously only belong to one (1) cover asset pool. 
However, an issuer is entitled to cover several covered bonds with one cover asset pool. The issuer has one (1) cover asset 
pool in place for the CBA Covered Bonds (see “Characteristics of the Cover Asset Pool”).

--- Page 63 ---
61 
 
A Mortgage Loan entered into the cover asset pool as collateral for a covered bond may not exceed the current value of 
the shares, housing property or commercial real estate standing as collateral at the time of recording the asset into the 
cover asset pool. The current value shall be calculated using good property evaluation practice applicable to credit 
institutions in accordance with provisions on the management of capital adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions 
issued by the FIN-FSA. Pursuant to Section 16 of the CBA, an issuer shall ensure that the collateral of mortgage loans 
included in a cover asset pool is properly insured against damage risks. An insurance indemnity, which is in favour of the 
holder of the collateral and which relates to a loan claim collateralising a covered bond, shall be valid also for the benefit 
of the holders of a covered bond. The issuer is not obliged to remove a Mortgage Loan from the cover asset pool of a 
specific covered bond due to the collateral’s future performance under the CBA. Pursuant to the preparatory works of the 
CBA, if the issuer technically executes the evaluation of the whole cover asset pool on a regular basis, the decisive point 
of time is considered to be the moment when the collateral was first technically recorded in the cover asset pool. 
Requirements for matching cover 
The CBA seeks to protect covered holders by requiring that there are at all times matching assets in the cover asset pool. 
This is achieved by Section 24 of the CBA which provides that (a) the total value of cover asset pool must always exceed 
the liabilities under the covered bonds and (b) the value of the cover asset pool must always be at least 2 per cent above 
the value of the liabilities under the covered bonds. Moreover, if the requirements prescribed in Article 129, Paragraph 3 
a, Subparagraph 3 of CRR are not fulfilled, the value of the cover asset pool must be at least 5 per cent above the value 
of the liabilities. The value shall also cover the estimated costs in relation winding-down of the covered bonds. In 
calculating the total value of the cover asset pool, the following limitations apply: 
1) the unpaid capital amount of any Housing Loan not exceeding 80 per cent of the current value of the shares or 
housing property placed as collateral for any Housing Loan; 
2) an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office purposes placed 
as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
3) the principal of the other receivables. 
The value of the cover asset pool must be determined using a present value-based calculation method. For the calculation 
of the present value, payments of loan claims included in the cover asset pool must be taken into account in such 
proportion in which the principals of those loan claims are calculated in the total value of the cover asset pool. However, 
if the present value-based calculation produces a higher total value of the cover asset pool for the obligations arising from 
covered bonds compared to the nominal value-based calculation, the value of the cover asset pool must be determined on 
a nominal value basis.  
In nominal value-based calculation, collateral included in a cover asset pool and obligations arising from covered bonds 
must be determined taking into account the impact of foreign exchange derivative contracts, whereas in present value-
based calculation, derivative contracts must be determined on the basis of the present value at the time of assessment. 
Both the total value of a cover pool and obligations arising from covered bonds shall be determined using the same 
method. 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Pursuant to Section 31 of the CBA, an issuer shall ensure that a cover asset pool continuously contains funds meeting the 
conditions laid down for substitute collateral in an amount which covers the maximum net outflow relating to covered 
bonds over the coming 180 days' period. If a covered bond contains a term according to which the maturity of the covered 
bond may be extended, the issuer may use the extended maturity date for the purpose of determining the net outflow.  
Determination of requirements under Sections 23 and 31 of the CBA 
To determine the value of the cover asset pool in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 23 and 31 of 
the CBA, the issuer shall only take into account: 
(1) 
the unpaid capital amount of any Housing Loan not exceeding 80 per cent of the current value of the shares or 
housing property placed as collateral for any Housing Loan; 
(2) 
an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office purposes placed 
as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
(3) 
the principal of the Substitute Collateral.

--- Page 64 ---
62 
 
Derivative Transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered bonds and any assets provided as collateral for the 
covered bonds shall be taken into account in determining the value of the cover asset pool in accordance with Section 24 
of the CBA. 
Substitute Collateral 
Up to 20 per cent. of the aggregate amount of the total nominal value of the cover asset pool may temporarily consist of 
substitute collateral. Substitute collateral may be used only temporarily in situations where mortgage loans or public-
sector loans have not yet been granted or registered as collateral for the covered bonds or where the total value of the 
cover asset pool would not otherwise fulfil the provisions set out in Chapter 4 of the CBA.  
For a particular reason, the FIN-FSA may permit derogating from the 20 per cent. restriction concerning substitute 
collateral for a set period. According to the preparatory works, such particular reason may be, for example, a disruption 
in the financial market, a fault in an IT system relating to the formation and supervision of a cover asset pool, or the 
liquidation of collateral of a covered bond in the event of a bankruptcy or liquidation of an issuer in assets qualifying as 
Substitute Collateral for the purpose of awaiting for the covered bond to fall due for payment.  
Reporting  
Chapter 8 of the CBA contains provisions on periodic disclosure obligations regarding covered bonds. In addition to what 
is prescribed elsewhere in law on the disclosure requirements of an issuer of a security, an issuer must display on its 
webpage the following information for at least for the current calendar year and for the five preceding calendar years: 
(i) 
the total value of collateral and covered bonds issued;  
 
(ii) 
international securities identification numbers (ISINs) of covered bonds;  
 
(iii) 
the distribution of collateral by type, however in case of housing loans in a way that the information is 
presented as being separated into loans granted to natural persons, loans granted to housing companies, 
and other housing association loans;  
 
(iv) 
the geographical distribution of the collateral of loan claims, account on valuation methods, and 
information on loan amounts of the loan claims;  
 
(v) 
a description of the market risks associated with covered bonds, including interest rate risk and 
exchange rate risk, as well as of credit risks and liquidity risks;  
 
(vi) 
information relating to the maturity of covered bonds, including any conditions for extending the 
maturity of a covered bond and the legal effects and other possible effects associated with the extension 
of the maturity date;  
 
(vii) 
available collateral and the minimum level of collateral, including the minimum level of overcollateral 
set out in legislation, the overcollateral set out in the terms of a covered bond or a covered bond 
programme and the total value of a cover asset pool exceeding these; and  
 
(viii) 
the proportion of those loan claims in the cover asset pool which either meet the requirements set out 
in Article 178 of the CRR or whose overdue principal or interest has otherwise been unpaid for at least 
90 days. 
In addition, an issuer must report to the FIN-FSA on a quarterly basis, and separately at the request of the FIN-FSA, 
information on issued covered bonds, the cover asset pool in order to assess that the cover asset pool complies with the 
conditions laid down in the CBA, the assessment of collateral for loan claims included in the cover asset pool, the covered 
bond register in order to assess that the collateral of the covered bond and items comparable to collateral are entered in 
the register in the manner laid down in the CBA, the collateral requirements and the calculation of the total amount of 
collateral, the fulfilment of the liquidity buffer requirement, and the contractual terms concerning the extension of 
maturity. The FIN-FSA amended its regulations and guidelines 7/2012 on reporting of mortgage bank operations to 
include also detailed regulations on the information and content of reporting on covered bonds issued under the CBA. 
The amended regulations and guidelines came into effect 30 September 2023.  
Extension of maturity (soft bullet) 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the CBA, the terms and conditions of a covered bond may include a provision that enables the 
issuer to extend the maturity of a covered bond subject to certain conditions, including the approval of the FIN-FSA. In

--- Page 65 ---
63 
 
addition, the conditions for extension of maturity include, among others, that the issuer is unable to obtain long-term 
financing from ordinary sources, the issuer is unable to meet the liquidity requirement set out in the CBA if it makes 
payments towards the principal and interest of the maturing covered bond and that the extension of maturity does not 
affect the sequence in which the issuer’s covered bonds from the same cover asset pool are maturing. If the FIN-FSA 
determines that the conditions for extension have been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, its resolution 
shall confirm the extended final maturity date of such covered bonds applied for by the issuer, which shall be a date on 
or before the final extended maturity date specified in the terms and conditions. 
Derivatives 
The issuer may enter into Derivative Transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered bonds or their underlying 
collateral. Details of any such derivatives must be entered in the Register for Covered Bonds. 
Set-off 
A creditor of the issuer may not, in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation of the issuer, set-off its claim against an asset 
included in the Cover Asset Pool.  
Label  
An issuer may use the label “Europeisk säkerställd obligation (premium)”, “Eurooppalainen katettu joukkolaina 
(premium)” or “European Covered Bond (Premium)” and its language versions translated into the official languages of 
the European Union only for covered bonds which are issued in accordance with the CBA. 
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign or pledge Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans 
which are included in the cover asset pool. An assignment or pledge violating such prohibition shall be void. 
Any collateral securing covered bonds and recorded in the Register of Covered Bonds entered in the Register for Covered 
Bonds as collateral for a covered bond may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit bank or a credit 
institution nor may precautionary measures be directed at it. 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
Under Finnish law, “selvitystila” (or liquidation in English) means either a voluntary winding up of a company or a 
winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law and “konkurssi” (or bankruptcy in English) means the 
mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency. 
Under Sections 20 and 39 of the CBA, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered bond shall 
be paid until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered bond from the funds accruing on the 
cover asset pool of the covered bond before other claims. The same applies to Derivatives Transactions. In other words, 
covered bonds and liabilities under Derivative Transactions will not be deemed to have become due in the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the issuer. The funds accruing from collateral for covered bonds after the commencement of liquidation or 
bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer shall be entered in the Register for Covered Bonds as collateral for such covered 
bonds. In bankruptcy proceedings the bankruptcy administrator must ensure due maintenance of the Register for Covered 
Bonds. Under Section 43 of the CBA, the bankruptcy administrator in bankruptcy or the liquidator in liquidation have the 
right, upon demand or approval of the supervisor (defined below), to seek for permission to extend the maturity of the 
covered bond if the terms and conditions provide the possibility for extension of maturity in accordance with Section 32 
explained above. 
Collateral entered in the Register for Covered Bonds in accordance with the CBA may not be recovered pursuant to the 
Finnish Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (in Finnish: laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipesään, 758/1991) 
(as amended) (the Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate). 
Pursuant to Section 20 of the CBA, holders of covered bonds have a preferential right in insolvency to the entire amount 
of the Mortgage Loans. 
What is set out above in respect of Section 20 of the CBA applies mutatis mutandis to the counterparties of the Derivative 
Transactions entered in the cover asset pool. The counterparties of the Derivative Transactions have an equal right with 
the holders of the covered bonds to payment from the funds, entered in the Register for Covered Bonds as collateral for 
the covered bonds, and from the payments relating to them, and accordingly, such Derivative Transactions rank pari 
passu with the covered bonds with respect to such assets in the cover asset pool. Pursuant to Section 44 of the CBA, the

--- Page 66 ---
64 
 
providers of loans securing liquidity for the issuer in liquidation or bankruptcy (each such loan being a Bankruptcy 
Liquidity Loan), have a right to receive payment after the creditors specified in Section 20 of the CBA and thus, enjoy 
a secondary priority position in relation to holders of the covered bonds and counterparties to the Derivative Transactions. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA 
(see “ – Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer”), transfer collateral entered 
in the cover asset pool of the relevant covered bonds to the issuer’s general bankruptcy estate, if the value and the net 
present value of the cover asset pool, as provided for in Section 45 of the CBA, considerably exceed the total amount of 
the covered bonds and it is apparent that the collateral to be transferred shall not be necessary to fulfil the obligations in 
respect of the covered bonds, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and creditors of the management 
and settlement costs. 
Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
When the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, appoint a 
supervisor in accordance with Section 40 of the CBA and Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the Financial Supervisory 
Authority (laki finanssivalvonnasta, 878/2008) (as amended) (the Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority) to 
protect the interests of creditors of covered bonds and creditor entities comparable to such and to enforce their right to be 
heard (a supervisor). The supervisor shall, in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for the covered bonds 
and their conversion into cash as well as the contractual payments to be made to the holders of the covered bonds. The 
person to be appointed as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge of financing and legal issues with regard to the 
nature and scope of the duties. The remuneration of the supervisor shall be decided by the FIN-FSA, and the issuer is 
responsible for the payment of the remuneration. The payment of the remuneration is secured by the cover asset pool. 
Should the FIN-FSA pay the remuneration on behalf of the issuer, the right to claim payment of the remuneration would 
be transferred to the FIN-FSA and the corresponding priority in respect of the cover asset pool would be preserved. The 
FIN-FSA shall always take steps to appoint an administrator, when the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy 
proceedings.  
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to administer the 
bankruptcy estate. The cover asset pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the supervisor will supervise the 
bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the holders. Under Section 44 of the CBA, a bankruptcy administrator 
shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, conclude Derivative Transactions necessary for hedging 
against risks relating to covered bonds and the relevant collateral as well as, where necessary, sell a sufficient amount of 
collateral for the covered bond in order to fulfil the obligations relating to the covered bond. In addition, pursuant to 
Section 42 of the CBA, a bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a 
right to conclude contractual arrangements to secure liquidity or take out Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Funds which accrue on the collateral of covered bonds after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in the Register for Covered Bonds under 
the relevant cover asset pool. Correspondingly, a Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan taken under Section 44 of the CBA and each 
bank account into which any such funds are deposited shall be entered in the Register for Covered Bonds. 
If the matching cover requirements of the collateral of a covered bond cannot be fulfilled due to the issuer being in 
bankruptcy or liquidation, the bankruptcy administrator and the liquidator in liquidation shall, on the demand or approval 
of the supervisor, accelerate the covered bonds and sell the funds being collateral for each covered bond for their payment. 
The bankruptcy administrator or the liquidator in liquidation is entitled, upon demand or approval by the supervisor, to 
apply from the FIN-FSA for a permission to extend the maturity of a covered bond, if the covered bond includes a 
condition referred to in Section 32 of the CBA, pursuant to which the issuer can, on the permission granted by the 
FIN-FSA, extend the maturity of the covered bond upon fulfilment of the conditions included in Section 32 of the CBA. 
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a Derivative Transaction to a third party on the demand 
or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted into cash, or a right to transfer 
collateral to the counterparty in the Derivative Transaction when the interests of the holder of the covered bonds demands 
such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk management. 
If the requirements for the cover asset pool of the covered bonds, as provided for in Sections 23 and 31 of the CBA, 
cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, accelerate the 
covered bonds and sell the cover asset pool assets in order to pay the covered bonds.

--- Page 67 ---
65 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL 
 
The Issuer must ensure that the CBA Cover Asset Pool comprises only of cover pool assets within the limits set by the 
CBA (as summarised under “Finnish Covered Bond Act”) and the terms and conditions of the CBA Covered Bonds. The 
Issuer will substitute assets that are no longer eligible to be included in the CBA Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the 
requirements of the CBA and such terms and conditions and supplement the CBA Cover Asset Pool with new Housing 
Loans or Substitute Collateral upon the existing Housing Loans or Substitute Collateral in the CBA Cover Asset Pool 
being repaid by the relevant borrower in respect of such assets. Over-collateralisation must have a value of at least two 
(2) per cent. If the requirements set out in Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, Subparagraph 3 of the CRR are not met, over-
collateralisation must have a value of at least five (5) per cent. The over-collateralisation shall also cover the estimated 
costs in relation to the winding-down of the CBA Covered Bonds. In addition, the Issuer assesses the adequacy of the 
value and the quality of the CBA Cover Asset Pool by regular stress tests.  
 
The Issuer has one (1) separate cover asset pool in accordance with the CBA (CBA Cover Asset Pool established in 
November 2022). CBA Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will have the benefit of CBA Cover Asset Pool of 
qualifying assets, primarily of residential mortgages granted to debtors in Finland. The issuer will maintain a separate 
register for CBA Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the CBA. 
 
The criteria that the Issuer applies in the selection of assets for the CBA Cover Asset Pool and the policies for granting 
loans are summarised below.  
 
Origination Criteria for the Housing Loans and the Cover Asset Pool  
 
All Housing Loans included in the CBA Cover Asset Pool are originated by the Issuer in Finland in accordance with the 
applicable lending criteria, which include, but are not limited to the following: 
 
• 
verifying the identity of the borrower;  
• 
verifying the borrower has legal capacity; 
• 
assessing the creditworthiness of the borrower; 
• 
assessing the borrower has sufficient repayment capability; 
• 
verifying public payment defaults in Suomen Asiakastieto Oy’s credit information register; and 
• 
checking the borrowers previous loan payment behaviour in the Issuer’s internal register. 
 
The Issuer identifies the Housing Loans that are eligible for inclusion in the CBA Cover Asset Pool according to criteria 
set by the CBA and the Issuer. These criteria, in summary, include but are not limited to the following:  
• 
the principal amount of the Mortgage must not exceed the fair value of the collateral securing the Housing Loan, 
that is, the loan-to-value ratio must be 100 per cent or lower; 
• 
the Issuer must have security over the collateral securing the Housing Loan; 
• 
the Housing Loan must not have been in arrears for more than 90 days; 
• 
if several loans are secured by the same collateral, the group of loans is only eligible for the CBA Cover Asset 
Pool if the entire group meets the loan-to-value ratio requirement stated above. However, certain types of loans 
within such a group, such as currency loans and credit limits, are not eligible for inclusion (although they are 
included for the purpose of the loan-to-value ratio requirement); 
• 
the Mortgage must be secured by eligible assets located or incorporated in Finland and must be denominated in 
EUR; and 
• 
the terms and conditions of the pledge relating to the property that constitutes the collateral for the Housing Loan 
must contain a provision according to which the pledgor undertakes to maintain the fire insurance of the property. 
 
The composition and characteristics of the CBA Cover Asset Pool will change over time.

--- Page 68 ---
66 
 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS 
Permitted Derivative Transactions 
Under the CBA, the Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Transactions in order to hedge against 
risks relating to covered bonds and/or a series of covered bonds or the assets in the relevant cover asset pool. Such 
Derivative Transactions will be entered into the Register for Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer may enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising as a result 
of Housing Loans and other assets in the relevant cover asset pool that carry floating rates of interest covering the relevant 
covered bonds that carry a fixed interest rate payment obligation for the Issuer. The Issuer may also enter into one or 
more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure arising as a result of Housing Loans and other 
assets in the relevant cover asset pool that carry fixed rates of interest covering the relevant covered bonds that carry a 
floating interest rate payment obligation for the Issuer.  
Documentation 
The Issuer currently anticipates that Derivative Transactions entered into between the Issuer and a swap counterparty will 
be evidenced by a confirmation and such confirmation will supplement, form part of and be subject to an agreement 
between the Issuer and such swap counterparty in the form of a 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross 
Border) or an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, as amended and supplemented from time to time, each as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) (each such agreement a Swap Agreement). All such 
Derivative Transactions will be terminable by a party if an Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
occurs in respect of the other party or all or a group of Derivative Transactions will be terminable by one or both of the 
parties if a Termination Event (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) occurs. 
Upon the early termination of one or more Derivative Transactions, the Issuer or the relevant swap counterparty may be 
liable to make a payment to the other party reflecting the value of the terminated Derivative Transaction(s). 
The Issuer may also at its discretion use other types of instruments and transactions for the purposes described in this 
section “Derivative Transactions”. 
Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer 
 
Under the CBA, obligations arising under a Derivative Transaction entered into the Register for the Cover Asset Pool 
shall continue to be fulfilled towards the Issuer in accordance with its terms notwithstanding a bankruptcy or liquidation 
of the Issuer unless otherwise provided in the terms of the Derivative Transaction. Counterparties to such Derivative 
Transactions (along with Noteholders of CBA Covered Bonds) are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer to the assets in the relevant cover asset pool. Accordingly, such counterparties to the Derivatives 
Transactions (and Noteholders of CBA Covered Bonds) have the statutory right to receive payment from the assets in the 
CBA Cover Asset Pool before all other holders of claims and this right remains for so long as the CBA Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding. Pursuant to Section 44 of the CBA, providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans have a right to receive 
payment after the creditors specified in Section 20 of the CBA. 
 
Under the CBA, the bankruptcy administrator is, upon the request of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA, entitled 
to terminate a Derivative Transaction or to transfer a Derivative Transaction and security to a third party if it is deemed 
to be in the interest of the Noteholders of CBA Covered Bonds.

--- Page 69 ---
67 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective 
investors of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and 
the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect 
on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
General 
Prospective investors of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the tax laws of the 
countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of Notes, including, but not limited to, the 
consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and their disposal or redemption. 
Finland 
Taxation of Finnish resident individuals  
Unless otherwise indicated in the following paragraph, a tax at source, in accordance with the Act on Tax at Source of 
Interest Income (laki korkotulon lähdeverosta, 1341/1990) (as amended), is withheld from the interest paid to natural 
persons resident in Finland for tax purposes. The tax at source is currently 30 per cent of the amount of interest paid.  
The Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income is not applicable if a prospectus does not have to be prepared with respect 
to the Notes due to (1) the Notes being addressed solely to qualified investors; (2) the offer being addressed to fewer than 
150 natural or legal persons per member state, other than qualified investors; or (3) the offer whose denomination per unit 
amounts to at least EUR 100 000 or the offer being addressed to investors who acquire securities for a total consideration 
of at least EUR 100 000 per investor for each separate offer. When the Act on Tax at Source of Interest Income is not 
applicable, interests are subject to taxation as capital income in accordance with the Income Tax Act (tuloverolaki, 
1535/1992) (as amended). The tax rate applicable to taxable capital income of up to EUR 30 000 is 30 per cent and for 
the amount exceeding this threshold, 34 per cent.  
Possible capital gains received from disposal of the Notes are in general subject to final taxation as capital income in 
accordance with the Income Tax Act. The possible capital loss is in general deductible from other capital income the year 
during which the sale took place and during five subsequent tax years. Should the Notes be sold prior to maturity, any 
accrued and unpaid interest is taxable as capital income in accordance with the Income Tax Act.  
Taxation of Finnish resident corporate entities 
Interest would generally constitute part of a Finnish corporate entity’s taxable business income subject to a corporate 
income tax at the rate of 20 per cent in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act (laki elinkeinotulon verottamisesta, 
360/1698) (as amended) or the Income Tax Act. Likewise, capital gains and possible secondary market compensation are 
also subject to final taxation as corporate income at the rate of 20 per cent. The acquisition cost of the Notes and any sales 
related expenses are generally deductible for tax purposes upon sale or redemption. Any loss due to disposal or redemption 
of the Notes would be deductible from the taxable business income.  
Taxation of non-Finnish residents 
Holders of Notes who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage in trade or business through a 
permanent establishment in Finland will not be subject to Finnish taxes either on payments in respect of the Notes or 
gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes. Non-resident Noteholders who engage in trade or business through 
a permanent establishment in Finland will be subject to similar Finnish taxes on payments in respect of the Notes and 
gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes as Finnish resident Noteholders. 
Transfer Tax 
Transfers of the Notes are not subject to Finnish transfer tax. 
Transfers of securities are generally subject to a transfer tax amounting 1.5 per cent on the price paid, or on the value of 
other consideration according to the Transfer Tax Act (varainsiirtoverolaki, 931/1996) (as amended). However, the Notes 
should not be classified as securities within the meaning of the Transfer Tax Act, provided that the yield of Notes is not

--- Page 70 ---
68 
 
determined by the profit of the Issuer or by the amount of dividend or is not otherwise deemed to entitle to the share of 
annual profit or surplus of the Issuer.  
Withholding Requirement 
The Issuer or a paying agent are obliged to withhold tax at a rate of 30 per cent on interest payments (including deemed 
interest) and secondary market compensation to Finnish resident individuals and estates of deceased persons as well as 
Finnish resident unregistered partnerships, associations and similar. 
Reporting Requirements 
Under Finnish law, the Issuer, or a paying agent, is obliged to report any interest payments and information necessary for 
computing capital gain under and in respect of the Notes to the Finnish tax authorities. The reported information is subject 
to automatic exchange of information as regulated by the EU Directive on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of 
Taxation 2011/16/EU (as amended) or other inter-governmental agreements. 
Information on interest, secondary market compensation and possible capital gains or losses stated on the investor’s pre-
completed tax return must be reviewed and verified by the investor.  
Sweden 
 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to Noteholders. The summary is based on the 
laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general information only. The summary does not address, 
inter alia, situations where Notes are held in an investment savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto), or the rules 
regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Further, the summary does not address credit of 
foreign taxes in Sweden. Investors should consult a professional tax adviser regarding the Swedish tax and other tax 
consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, 
owning and disposing of Notes with respect to their particular circumstances. 
 
Taxation of Swedish resident individuals 
 
In general, private individual Noteholders (and estates of deceased individuals) who are resident in Sweden for tax 
purposes will be subject to Swedish tax on all capital income (for example, income which is considered to be interest for 
Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes).  
 
For individual Noteholders, interest income and capital gains are normally subject to a 30 per cent flat tax rate. A loss 
from a disposal or redemption of the Notes may normally constitute a fully or partially deductible capital loss under 
certain conditions. 
 
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled in Sweden, including 
a Swedish branch, or a clearing institution within the EEA, to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) 
with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by the legal entity 
on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should normally also be withheld on other returns on Notes (however not 
capital gains), if the return is paid out together with such payment of interest as referred to above. 
 
Taxation of Swedish resident corporate entities 
 
As a general rule, Swedish corporate entity Noteholders with residence in Sweden for tax purposes will be subject to a 
corporate income tax rate of 20.6 per cent on its taxable business income including all capital income (for example, 
income which is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and received from the disposal or redemption of 
Notes). Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, for example financial 
institutions holding the Notes as inventory (Sw. lagertillgångar) and life insurance companies. A loss from a disposal or 
redemption of the Notes may normally constitute a deductible capital loss under certain conditions. Moreover, specific 
tax consequences may be applicable in relation to any currency exchange gains or losses.  
 
Taxation of non-Swedish residents 
 
Noteholders who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes and who do not engage in trade or business through a 
permanent establishment in Sweden will generally not be taxable in Sweden for  any amount which is considered to be 
interest for Swedish tax purposes or for gains on the disposal or redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
69 
 
Non-Swedish resident Noteholders who engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment in Sweden, which 
the Notes are effectively connected with, will normally be subject to similar Swedish taxes on payments in respect of the 
Notes and gains realised on the disposal or redemption of the Notes as Swedish resident Noteholders. 
 
Transfer tax 
 
Transfers of the Notes are not subject to Swedish transfer tax.

--- Page 72 ---
70 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
(a) the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022 of the Issuer set out on pages 50 to 159 (inclusive) of the Issuer’s Annual 
Report for the year ended 31 December 2022; 
 
https://www.alandsbanken.fi/uploads/pdf/result/arsredovisn2022en.pdf  
 
(b) the unaudited Capital and Risk Management Report 2022; 
 
https://www.alandsbanken.fi/uploads/pdf/result/capital-and-risk-management-report_2022en.xlsx   
 
(c) the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023 of the Issuer set out on pages 52 to 187 (inclusive) of the Issuer’s Annual 
Report for the year ended 31 December 2023; 
 
https://www.alandsbanken.fi/uploads/pdf/result/arsredovisn2023en.pdf  
 
(d) the unaudited Capital and Risk Management Report 2023; 
 
https://www.alandsbanken.ax/uploads/pdf/result/capital-and-risk-management-report_2023en.xlsx  
 
(e)  the unaudited consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and the financial 
summary of the Issuer’s Half-Year Financial Report 
 
https://www.alandsbanken.ax/uploads/pdf/result/en_resultat_jan-jun_24.pdf  
(f) the terms and conditions of the notes set out on pages 35 to 72 (inclusive) in the offering circular dated 30 
September 2015 prepared by the Issuer in connection with its euro medium term note and covered bond 
programme; 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/Offering_Circular_Alandsbanken_2015.pdf  
(g) the terms and conditions of the notes set out on pages 31 to 52 (inclusive) in the base prospectus dated 5 October 
2018 prepared by the Issuer in connection with its euro medium term note and covered bond programme;  
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/Offering_Circular_Alandsbanken_2018.pdf  
(h) the terms and conditions of the notes set out on pages 32 to 59 (inclusive) in the base prospectus dated 10 March 
2020 prepared by the Issuer in connection with its euro medium term note, covered bond and tier 2 note 
programme;  
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/Offering_Circular_Alandsbanken_2020.pdf  
(i) the terms and conditions of the notes set out on pages 39 to 74 (inclusive) in the base prospectus dated 12 March 
2021 prepared by the Issuer in connection with its euro medium term note, covered bond, tier 2 note and 
additional tier 1 note programme; 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/Medium-Term-Note-Covered-Bond-Tier-2-Note-and-Additional-
Tier-1-Capital-Note-Programme-2021.pdf  
(j) the terms and conditions of the notes set out on pages 40 to 77 (inclusive) in the base prospectus dated 31 October 
2022 prepared by the Issuer in connection with its euro medium term note, covered bond, tier 2 note and 
additional tier 1 note programme; and 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/Medium-Term-Note-Covered-Bond-Tier-2-Note-and-Additional-
Tier-1-Capital-Note-Programme-2022.pdf

--- Page 73 ---
71 
 
(k) the terms and conditions of the notes set out on pages 33 to 62 (inclusive) in the base prospectus dated 22 
February 2023 prepared by the Issuer in connection with its euro medium term note, covered bond, tier 2 note 
and additional tier 1 note programme;  
https://www.alandsbanken.com/uploads/pdf/Alandsbanken-Base-Prospectus-22-February-2023-suojattu-
13431043-1.pdf.  
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to above are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 74 ---
72 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The United States, Australia, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore and Certain Other 
Jurisdictions 
The Notes will not be offered to persons who are residents of the United States, Australia, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, 
South Africa, Singapore or any jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any State 
Securities Commission in the United States or any other regulatory authority in the United States nor have any of the 
foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the securities or the accuracy of this Base Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 (as amended or as replaced), or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be 
offered, sold, exercised, pledged, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States except in 
transactions exempt from registration under the US Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the 
United States in compliance with Regulation S. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive) (as amended or as replaced), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in point e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or as replaced) (the Prospectus Regulation). 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in or outside the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Insurance Distribution Directive (as amended or as replaced), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Notes. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended or as replaced) 
(the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional

--- Page 75 ---
73 
 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2( 1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. 
 
Each Dealer appointed for each issuance will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are subject of offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
 
a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
 
b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes 
is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR product governance rules set out 
in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 76 ---
74 
 
Prohibition of sales to Russia and Belarus 
 
Pursuant to Article 1 of the Council Decision (CFSP) 578/2022 of 8 April 2022 amending Decision 2014/512/CFSP 
concerning restrictive measures in view of Russia’s actions destabilising the situation in Ukraine and to Article 1 of the 
Council Decision (CFSP) 579/2022 of 8 April 2022 amending Decision 2012/642/CFSP concerning restrictive measures 
in view of the situation in Belarus and the involvement of Belarus in the Russia aggression against Ukraine, it shall be 
prohibited to sell transferable securities denominated in any official currency of a Member State issued after 12 April 
2022 or units in collective investment undertakings providing exposure to such securities to any Russian or Belarusian 
national or natural person residing in Russia or Belarus or any legal person, entity or body established in Russia or Belarus. 
The prohibition of sales to Russia and Belarus applies to the Notes issued under the Programme. 
 
General 
 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its 
knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither 
the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
 
None of the Issuer or any Dealer represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 77 ---
75 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Issuer 
 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Registration number: 0145019-3 
Nygatan 2 
PB 3 
AX-22101 Mariehamn, Finland 
Tel: 0204 29 011 
info@alandsbanken.fi 
www.alandsbanken.fi 
 
Arranger 
 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Nygatan 2 
PB 3 
AX-22101 Mariehamn, Finland 
 
Auditors 
 
The following auditors have audited the Issuer’s accounts in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
Fredrik Westerholm 
Henry Maarala 
Sandra Eriksson 
Authorised Public Accountant, KHT 
Authorised Public Accountant, KHT 
Authorised Public Accountant, KHT 
KPMG Oy Ab  
KPMG Oy Ab  
KPMG Oy Ab  
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
 
The following auditors have audited the Issuer’s accounts in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
 
Henry Maarala 
Authorised Public Accountant, KHT 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland 
 
 
The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
 
The Annual general Meeting on 26 March 2024 re-elected KPMG Oy Ab with Head Auditor Henry Maarala as auditor 
for a term of office that shall run until the end of the next annual general meeting. 
 
The Annual General Meeting on 26 March 2024 re-elected KPMG Oy Ab as deputy auditor for a term of office that shall 
run until the end of the next annual general meeting. 
 
Documents available 
 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the Issuer’s articles of association, trade 
register extract and the information incorporated by reference (see “Information Incorporated by Reference”) are 
available for inspection from the registered office of the Issuer. 
 
This 
Base 
Prospectus 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-investors/debt-securities-
documentation. 
 
Ålandsbanken’s articles of association (in Swedish) are available during the period of validity of the Base Prospectus at 
https://www.alandsbanken.fi/meista/alandsbankenista/hyva-hallintotapa/yhtiojarjestys.

--- Page 78 ---
76 
 
No incorporation of website information 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published on Ålandsbanken’s website at 
https://www.alandsbanken.com/about-us/debt-investors/debt-securities-documentation. However, the contents of 
Ålandsbanken’s website (excluding the Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the information incorporated by 
reference) or any other website do not form a part of this Base Prospectus, and prospective investors should not rely on 
such information in making their decision to invest in the Notes. 
 
Information derived from third party sources 
 
Where certain information contained in this Base Prospectus has been derived from third party sources, such sources have 
been identified herein. The Issuer confirms that such third party information has been accurately reproduced herein. In 
addition, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Conditions for determining price 
 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
 
Yield 
 
In relation to fixed interest rate Notes issued at an issue price which is fixed, an indication of yield in respect of such 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis 
of the relevant issue price and will not be an indication of future yield. 
 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
 
Dealers appointed under the Programme and their affiliates may engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with the Issuer and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business.

--- Page 79 ---
ISSUER 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Nygatan 2 
AX-22 100 Mariehamn 
Finland 
 
 
AUDITOR 
 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki  
Finland 
 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Ålandsbanken Abp 
Nygatan 2 
AX-22 100 Mariehamn 
Finland