--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 22 February 2022
ØRSTED A/S 
(incorporated as a public limited company in Denmark with CVR number 36213728
and
ØRSTED WIND POWER TW HOLDING A/S
(incorporated as a public limited company in Denmark with CVR number 36035781) 
€7,000,000,000
Debt Issuance Programme
guaranteed (in the case of Notes issued by Ørsted A/S) by
ØRSTED WIND POWER TW HOLDING A/S
and
guaranteed (in the case of NTD Notes issued by Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S) by 
ØRSTED A/S
Under the €7,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), each of Ørsted A/S (“Ørsted”) 
and Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S (“Ørsted Wind”) (each an “Issuer” and together, the “Issuers” and each in its capacity as an individual issuer of Notes as 
the “Relevant Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue debt securities (the “Notes”) which, in 
the case of Notes issued by Ørsted, shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Ørsted Wind (the “Upstream Guarantee”) and which, in the case of NTD 
Notes (as defined below) issued by Ørsted Wind, shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Ørsted (the “Downstream Guarantee”). Subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the Notes may have no maximum maturity. The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will 
not at any time exceed €7,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to increase as provided in the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein). Notes may 
be issued by Ørsted in any currency agreed between the Ørsted and the Relevant Dealer(s). Notes issued by Ørsted Wind shall only be denominated in New Taiwan 
Dollar. Any Notes to be issued after the date hereof under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein save that Notes which are to be consolidated 
and form a single series with Notes issued prior to the date hereof will be issued subject to the Conditions of the Notes applicable on the date of issue for the first 
tranche of Notes of such series. Subject as aforesaid, this does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof.
Each Series of Notes (other than NTD Notes) to be issued under the Programme shall be constituted by a trust deed dated 22 February 2022 between Ørsted, Ørsted 
Wind and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”) (as may be amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated Trust 
Deed”), and issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement dated 30 October 2020 between Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A. as initial 
issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement”).
Each Series of Notes denominated in New Taiwan Dollar (the “NTD Notes”) and to be issued under the Programme shall be constituted (i) by the Amended and 
Restated Trust Deed, as supplemented by a trust deed supplemental to the Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 22 February 2022 between Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, 
the Trustee and CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Taiwanese Trustee”) (as may be amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Supplemental Trust Deed” 
and, together with the Amended and Restated Trust Deed, the “Trust Deed”) and (ii) by registration in the book-entry system of the Taiwanese Depository & Clearing 
Corporation (the “TDCC”). NTD Notes shall be issued pursuant to an agency agreement supplemental to the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 4
November 2019 between Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A. as initial issuing and paying agent, CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Taiwanese Paying Agent”) 
and the other agents named in it (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Supplemental Agency Agreement” and, together with the Amended 
and Restated Agency Agreement, the “Agency Agreement”).
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act 
dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (as amended, the “Luxembourg Prospectus Act”) and Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)
to approve this document as a base prospectus. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either of Ørsted or Ørsted Wind or the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this 
Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality 
or solvency of Ørsted or Ørsted Wind in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Act. Pursuant to the Luxembourg Prospectus Act, the CSSF is 
not competent to approve prospectuses for the offering to the public or for the admission to trading on regulated markets of money market instruments having a 
maturity at issue of less than 12 months.
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (other than NTD Notes and Exempt Notes (as defined below)) issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(the “Market”) and to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”). Notes to be admitted to trading on the Market and to 
be admitted to the Official List shall only be issued by Ørsted and not Ørsted Wind. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes (other than Exempt Notes) being 
“listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes (other than Exempt Notes) have been admitted to trading on the Market and have been admitted to the 
Official List. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on markets in financial instruments. In the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), the relevant Notes will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on the Market or 
any other regulated market within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or the United Kingdom (the “UK”), and the relevant pricing supplement document (the

--- Page 2 ---
“Pricing Supplement”) will state whether or not the relevant Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading on an unregulated market. Notes neither admitted to 
trading on the Market (or any other regulated market) nor admitted to the Official List (or the official list of any other stock exchange or competent authority) may be 
issued by either Ørsted or Ørsted Wind.
Application has been made for the NTD Notes to be listed on the Taipei Exchange (the “TPEx”) in the Republic of China (the “ROC”) and such Notes will be listed 
on the TPEx pursuant to the applicable rules of the TPEx. The TPEx is not responsible for the contents of this Base Prospectus and no representation is made by the 
TPEx as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus. The TPEx expressly disclaims any and all liability for any losses arising from, or as a result of the 
reliance on, all or part of the contents of this Base Prospectus. The admission to listing and trading of the NTD Notes on the TPEx shall not be taken as an indication 
of the merits of either of Ørsted or Ørsted Wind or the NTD Notes.
References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” (which expression shall include any NTD Notes) are to notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of any Exempt Notes issued pursuant to this Programme, this document does not constitute a 
base prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and will constitute listing particulars. Information contained in this Base Prospectus 
regarding Exempt Notes and any Pricing Supplement relating thereto shall not be deemed to form part of this Base Prospectus, and the CSSF has neither 
approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the offering and sale of Exempt Notes or in the related Pricing 
Supplement to which the Exempt Notes are subject.
In the case of Exempt Notes, each reference in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, unless the context requires otherwise.
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval until 22 February 2023 and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will only apply for the time that this Base Prospectus is valid.
Details of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes for each Tranche (as defined herein) of 
Notes will be set out in the final terms (the “Final Terms”) or the Pricing Supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”), as the case may be, which, with respect to Notes 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche.
Each Series of Notes (other than NTD Notes) in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (a “temporary Global Note”) or
a permanent global note in bearer form (a “permanent Global Note”, and each of the temporary Global Note and permanent Global Note, a “Global Note”). If a 
Global Note is issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Note will be delivered on or prior to the issue date to a common safekeeper (the “Common
Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Notes (other than NTD Notes) in registered 
form (“Registered Notes”) will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire 
holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a 
Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”), the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the issue date to a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates 
which are not held under the NSS may be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common
Depositary”).
Each Series of NTD Notes will be issued in dematerialised, registered book-entry form. NTD Notes will be settled through the book-entry system of the TDCC or 
such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Relevant Issuer, the Taiwanese Trustee and the Relevant Dealers.
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Overview of Provisions Relating to
the Notes while in Global Form”.
The Programme has been rated Baa1 by Moody’s France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”), BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and BBB+ by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch are established in the European Union (“EU”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the “CRA Regulation”). Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated (in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be)). Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) and such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme, the Issuer 
or Notes already issued. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning agency.
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Copenhagen Interbank Offered Rate 
(“CIBOR”), which are provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) and the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (“DFBF”), respectively. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of EMMI and DFBF appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
and Securities Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”).
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus.
Arranger
BNP PARIBAS
Dealers
Barclays
BNP PARIBAS
J.P. Morgan

--- Page 3 ---
3
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”). Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of each Issuer, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Arranger, any of the 
Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale 
or delivery of any Notes shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change 
in the affairs of the Issuers or of Ørsted and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken together (the “Group”) since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuers or the Group since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or the United 
Kingdom or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA or the United Kingdom in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”), the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the 
“Securities Act”) and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States (“US”) 
or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee and the Taiwanese Trustee do not represent that 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee which 
would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or other offering material may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA (including Belgium and the 
Republic of Italy), Japan, Switzerland and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 4 ---
4
To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers accept any responsibility for 
the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger 
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuers or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger 
and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save 
as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Arranger, any of the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should purchase any Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance 
of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers, the Arranger, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of the Arranger, any of the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee.
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. 
These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the 
terms “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or 
“should” or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of 
strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all 
matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and 
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the intentions of the Issuers, beliefs or current expectations 
concerning, among other things, the business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects of the 
Issuers. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future 
events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the 
financial position and results of operations of the Group, and the development of the markets and the industries 
in which members of the Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the 
forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Group’s results of 
operations and financial position, and the development of the markets and the industries in which the Group
operates, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or 
developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, 
uncertainties and other factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by the forward-looking statements. See “Risk Factors” below.
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to a “Member 
State” are references to a Member State of the EEA, references to the “EU” are to the European Union, 
references to “Danish Kroner” and “DKK” are to the currency of the Kingdom of Denmark, “Euro”, “euro”, 
“EUR” or “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union, pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, references to “Pounds 
Sterling”, “GBP” and “£” are to the currency of the United Kingdom, references to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” 
and “$” are to the currency of the United States of America and references to “New Taiwan Dollar” and “NTD” 
are to the currency of the ROC.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme —
Method of Issue”) (other than NTD Notes), to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, the 
Dealer(s) (if any) acting as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public

--- Page 5 ---
5
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(a)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in any 
applicable supplement;
(b)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;
(c)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;
(d)
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets;
(e)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and
(f)
understand the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding and disposal of 
an interest in the relevant Notes.
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk based capital or similar rules.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as

--- Page 6 ---
6
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7
Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit pre-
scribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal advisor.
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of 
a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), 
the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter 
conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference 
rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the BMR. If any such reference rate does constitute a 
benchmark, the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) for any such Notes will specify whether 
the administrator for the relevant reference rate appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the BMR. The registration status of any administrator under the BMR is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Relevant Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms (or the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” below), references to websites or uniform resource locators (“URLs”) in this Base 
Prospectus are inactive textual references. The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
8
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME.................................................................................. 9
RISK FACTORS........................................................................................................................................ 16
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE................................................................................ 33
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS......................................................................................... 36
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES (OTHER THAN THE NTD NOTES)................................ 37
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NTD NOTES................................................................................. 77
USE OF PROCEEDS............................................................................................................................... 107
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES (OTHER THAN NTD NOTES) WHILE IN 
GLOBAL FORM ............................................................................................................................. 108
ØRSTED A/S........................................................................................................................................... 114
DESCRIPTION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES ..................................................... 153
ØRSTED WIND POWER TW HOLDING A/S......................................................................................... 156
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 163
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ...................................................................................................... 176
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 189
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.................................................................................................................. 192
GENERAL INFORMATION.................................................................................................................... 198
GLOSSARY OF SELECTED ENERGY AND OTHER TERMS............................................................... 201

--- Page 9 ---
9
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). Words and expressions 
defined or used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes (other than NTD Notes)” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the NTD Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this description.
Issuers:
Ørsted A/S (“Ørsted”) and Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S
(“Ørsted Wind”)
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the 
Issuers:
Ørsted A/S: W9NG6WMZIYEU8VEDOG48
Ørsted
Wind 
Power 
TW 
Holding 
A/S: 
529900GP5ZYMYXKYNF09
Website of the Issuers:
https://orsted.com/
Guarantors:
Ørsted A/S in the case of NTD Notes issued by Ørsted Wind 
Power TW Holding A/S
Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S in the case of Notes issued 
by Ørsted A/S
Website of the Guarantors:
https://orsted.com/
Description of the Programme:
Debt Issuance Programme
Size:
€7,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time, subject to increase by the Issuers as provided in the 
Dealer Agreement.
Arranger:
BNP Paribas
Dealers:
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
BNP Paribas
J.P. Morgan SE 
The Issuers may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches.
Trustee:
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited
Taiwanese Trustee:
CTBC Bank Co., Ltd.
Issuing and Paying Agent:
Citibank, N.A.
Taiwanese Paying Agent:
CTBC Bank Co., Ltd.

--- Page 10 ---
10
Method of Issue:
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or a non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the relevant 
Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be).
Consolidation:
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series having substantially the same terms and conditions.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. The Issue Price in respect of 
each issuance of Notes under the Programme will be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be).
Form of Notes:
Notes (other than NTD Notes) may be issued in bearer form 
(“Bearer Notes”), in bearer form exchangeable for Registered 
Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) or in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”). Each Tranche of Bearer Notes and 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a 
temporary Global Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be made 
available to Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after 
their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more 
than one year and are being issued in compliance with the D 
Rules (as defined in “Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise 
such Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global Note. 
Registered Notes (other than NTD Notes) will be represented by 
Certificates, one Certificate being issued in respect of each 
Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. 
Certificates representing Registered Notes that are registered in 
the name of a nominee for one or more clearing systems are 
referred to as “Global Certificates”.
NTD Notes will be issued in dematerialised, registered book-
entry form.
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes (other than NTD Notes), such other clearing 
system as may be agreed between Ørsted, the Trustee and the 
Relevant Dealer(s).
NTD Notes will be settled through the book-entry system of the 
TDCC or such other clearing system as may be agreed between

--- Page 11 ---
11
the Relevant Issuer, the Taiwanese Trustee and the Relevant 
Dealer(s).
Initial Delivery of Notes (other than 
NTD Notes):
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Notes (other than 
NTD Notes), if the relevant Global Note is a NGN or the relevant 
Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Global Note or 
Global Certificate will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue 
date for each Tranche of Notes (other than NTD Notes), if the 
relevant Global Note is a CGN or the relevant Global Certificate 
is not held under the NSS, the Global Note representing Bearer 
Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate 
representing Registered Notes may be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global 
Notes or Global Certificates may also be deposited with any 
other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by Ørsted, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the Relevant Dealer(s). Registered Notes (other than 
NTD Notes) that are to be credited to one or more clearing 
systems on issue will be registered in the name of nominees or a 
common nominee for such clearing systems.
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued by Ørsted in any currency agreed 
between the Ørsted and the Relevant Dealer(s). Notes issued by 
Ørsted Wind may only be denominated in New Taiwan Dollar.
Maturities:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes will have a minimum maturity of one year.
According to the Luxembourg Prospectus Act relating to 
prospectuses for securities, the CSSF is not competent to approve 
prospectuses for the listing of money market instruments having 
a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and which also comply 
with the definition of securities in the Luxembourg Act.
Denomination of Notes:
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) save that in the case of any 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the EEA or the United Kingdom or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the EEA or the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation
or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue of the Notes).
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be).

--- Page 12 ---
12
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined 
separately for each Series:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and in respect of the 
Notes, as amended and supplemented up to and including 
the Issue Date for the first Tranche of the Notes (or as 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms (or the Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be)); or
(b)
by reference to EURIBOR, CIBOR, CMS London or CMS 
Brussels, as adjusted for any applicable margin. Interest 
periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be).
Benchmark discontinuation:
If Floating Rate Notes provide for a Rate of Interest (or any 
component thereof) to be determined by reference to a reference 
rate and a Benchmark Event in respect of such reference rate has 
occurred, then the Relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)) to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate for use in place of the Original 
Reference Rate and to determine an Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and any Benchmark Amendments. If the Relevant Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent 
Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable), then the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the Original Reference Rate for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period and the fallback provisions set out in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(B). See Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) for further 
information.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (other than NTD Notes)” and in “Terms and Conditions of 
of the NTD Notes”) may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest.
Inflation Linked Notes:
Some or all of the interest payable and/or the Redemption 
Amount payable at maturity is determined by the performance of 
the inflation index specified hereon. Inflation Linked Notes shall 
only be issued by Ørsted.
Interest Periods and Interest Rates:
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set

--- Page 13 ---
13
out in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be).
Redemption by Instalments:
The Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) 
issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are redeemable in 
two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the 
amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed.
Optional Redemption:
The Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) 
issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such 
Notes may be redeemed (either in whole or in part) prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Relevant Issuer and/or the 
holders and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes (other than NTD Notes) —
Redemption, Purchase and Options” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the NTD Notes — Redemption, Purchase and Options”.
Status of the Notes and Guarantees:
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Relevant Issuer, and each of the Downstream 
Guarantee and the Upstream Guarantee in respect of them will 
constitute an unsubordinated and unsecured obligation of the 
Relevant Guarantor all as described in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (other than NTD Notes) — Guarantee and Status” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the NTD Notes — Guarantee and 
Status”.
Negative Pledge:
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes (other than NTD Notes) 
— Negative Pledge” and “Terms and Conditions of the NTD
Notes — Negative Pledge”.
Cross Default:
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes (other than NTD Notes) 
— Events of Default” and “Terms and Conditions of the NTD
Notes — Events of Default”.
Early Redemption:
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Relevant Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons and at the option of the Noteholders 
in certain defined circumstances for Notes (other than NTD 
Notes) only. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes (other than 
NTD Notes) — Redemption, Purchase and Options” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the NTD Notes — Redemption, Purchase and 
Options”.
Withholding Tax:
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Kingdom of 
Denmark unless the withholding is required by law. In such 
event, the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor shall, 
subject to customary exceptions, pay such additional amounts as 
shall result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as 
would have been received by it had no such withholding been 
required, all as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(other than NTD Notes)— Taxation” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the NTD Notes — Taxation”.

--- Page 14 ---
14
Governing Law:
English law.
Listing and Admission to Trading:
Application has been made to admit Notes (other than Exempt 
Notes) issued under the Programme to the Official List and to 
admit them to trading on the Market. In the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Notes will not be listed and/or admitted to 
trading on the Market or any other regulated market within the 
EEA or the United Kingdom, and the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Notes will be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on an unregulated market.
Information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding Exempt 
Notes shall not be deemed to form part of this Base Prospectus, 
and the CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
Notes.
Ratings:
The Programme has been rated Baa1 by Moody’s, BBB+ by 
S&P, BBB+ by Fitch. Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch are 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation.
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, it will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be). Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Programme, the Issuers or the Notes already issued.
According to the rating scale of Moody’s, obligations rated 
“Baa” are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate 
credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative 
characteristics. The modifier “1” indicates that the obligation 
ranks in the higher end of its rating category.
See: 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-
Definitions/002002
According to the rating scale of S&P, obligations rated “BBB” 
exhibit adequate protection parameters. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely 
to weaken the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligations. The modifier “+” indicates 
relative standing within the rating category. 
See:
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-
/view/sourceId/504352
According to the rating scale of Fitch, obligations rated “BBB” 
indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The 
capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered 
adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more 
likely to impair this capacity. The modifier “+” appended to the 
rating denotes relative status within major rating categories.
See: https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions

--- Page 15 ---
15
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EU but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EU, but which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation.
ESMA 
is 
obliged 
to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk, a list of credit rating agencies registered and 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The ESMA 
website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form 
part of, this Base Prospectus. This list must be updated within 
five working days of ESMA’s adoption of any decision to 
withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA 
Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the 
status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning agency.
Selling Restrictions:
The United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA (including 
Belgium and the Republic of Italy), Japan, Switzerland, 
Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with a particular issue. See “Subscription and Sale”.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the 
relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) state that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”) or 
(ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D 
Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes 
will not constitute “registration-required obligations” under the 
United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
(“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 16 ---
16
RISK FACTORS
Each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind believes that the following factors may adversely affect the Issuer’s operations 
or financial condition and cause harm to the Issuer’s reputation and thereby affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.
Factors which each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with the Notes are also described below.
Each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in the Notes. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind that are not 
currently known to Ørsted or Ørsted Wind, or that Ørsted and Ørsted Wind currently deem immaterial, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business activities, results of operations, 
financial condition and cash flows of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind and, if any such risk should occur, the price of 
the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Prospective investors should also 
read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated 
by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
In each sub-section below, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind have arranged the risks with the most material risks first, 
in its assessment, considering the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the possibility of their 
occurrence.
Factors that may affect Ørsted’s and Ørsted Wind’s ability to fulfil their obligations with respect to the 
Notes
a) Risks relating to development in market prices and financial market risks
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to currency exchange, interest and inflation risk
Ørsted’s medium to long-term earnings can to some extent be expected to follow the development in consumer 
and market prices, thereby protecting the real value of Ørsted’s assets and equity. However, Ørsted and Ørsted 
Wind are exposed to interest rate and inflation risk from the fixed nominal subsidies generated by the portfolio 
of wind assets in Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands and fixed-price power purchase agreements (“PPAs”) 
relating to the assets in the US and Taiwan as an increase in the interest rate and/or inflation will erode the 
expected present value in nominal and/or real terms of the revenue in each of these countries. Ørsted and to 
some extent Ørsted Wind are also exposed to interest rate and/or inflation risk relating to significant time span 
between tendering for and being awarded new offshore wind projects and time of construction, capital 
employment including financing and possible farm down of the projects. These exposures are to some extent 
hedged by the fixed nominal payment obligations relating to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s fixed rate debt 
obligations including any hybrid capital.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind conduct a significant portion of their operational, investment and financial activities, 
including debt obligations, cash position and bond investments, in currencies other than Danish Kroner and are 
therefore exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates relative to the Danish Kroner, and for Ørsted Wind 
Taiwanese Dollars. Ørsted’s main currency exposure stems from offshore wind farms in the United Kingdom, 
which makes Ørsted particularly exposed to adverse effects on the Pound Sterling exchange rate and interest 
and inflation rates. Increasing activities in Taiwan and the United States have also increased exposure towards 
the currencies, interest and inflation rates of these two countries, as Ørsted and Ørsted Wind will create risk 
exposures towards developments in the currencies, interest and inflation rates of new countries where 
production assets may be established.

--- Page 17 ---
17
Ørsted’s net long GBP exposure is significant and mainly stems from the sale of power, Receivables Obligation 
Certificates (“ROCs”), Contract for Differences (“CfD”) and divestments of offshore transmission assets 
reduced by local currency operating and construction expenditures. Within Ørsted’s hedging horizon of five 
years (2022-2026), the net exposure after hedging towards GBP totalled DKK 21.9 billion as at 31 December 
2021. Furthermore, Ørsted has significant amounts of net GBP receivables after the five-year hedge horizon, 
which is only partly hedged through Ørsted’s GBP-denominated debt obligations and related swaps.
Within the five-year hedge horizon, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind have a net short currency exposure in USD. The 
short USD exposure primarily comes from CAPEX on US onshore and offshore projects, the Taiwanese 
offshore construction activities, oil-indexed gas contracts and purchase of biomass quoted in USD, partly offset 
by revenue from US onshore and offshore wind farms in operation. Within the Group’s hedging horizon of five 
years (2022-2026), net exposure after hedging towards USD totalled DKK -8.4 billion as of 31 December 2021.
Within the five-year hedge horizon, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind have a net long NTD exposure from revenue 
generated by the Greater Changhua project 1 and 2a (expected to become operational no later than 2022), net 
of CAPEX on these two projects. In certain markets, like the NTD in Taiwan, where the market for financial 
derivatives are illiquid beyond the short term or non-existing beyond maturities of 1-2 years, Ørsted may only 
to a limited extent, or not at all, be able to hedge it’s currency exposure to the extent desired or required by 
internal policies. Within the Group’s hedging horizon of five years (2022-2026), net exposure after hedging 
towards NTD totalled DKK 12.3 billion as of 31 December 2021.
Ørsted’s EUR exposure is subject to continuous assessment but is normally not hedged beyond Ørsted’s EUR-
denominated interest-bearing debt obligations including bonds and hybrid capital as Ørsted deems it very 
unlikely for Denmark to abandon its fixed exchange rate policy towards the Euro.
A materialisation of any of these risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s and Ørsted Wind’s 
operations or financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted’s and Ørsted Wind’s reputation.
Ørsted is exposed to market risks related to energy commodity prices and green certificates
Ørsted is exposed to fluctuations in and correlation between the prices of power, natural gas, steel, certificates 
for the emission of carbon dioxide, ROC-certificates in the United Kingdom, biomass and other fuels and 
additives utilised in relation to Ørsted’s energy production. Ørsted hedges commodity price risks after tax on a 
rolling five-year horizon. The aim is to stabilise cash flows after tax such that hedging of exposures takes local 
tax rates into account. Ørsted’s general strategy is to hedge more of the price risk in the first years and less in 
the later years within the five-year hedge horizon. This is due to decreasing market liquidity and increasing 
uncertainty relating to Ørsted’s energy exposure over time. The hedging strategy seeks to smoothen and mitigate 
any near-to mid-term adverse price movements. Any long lasting or permanent shifts in price levels, will 
eventually feed through and impact earnings and equity of the group.
Ørsted’s power price risk is mainly related to sales on market terms of wind-based power generation including 
physical power acquired from partners on Ørsted’s wind farms under long-term PPAs. Part of Ørsted’s power 
price risk relates to the daily power balancing activities, where power price exposure arises from deviations 
between the 1-day ahead hour-by-hour prognosis of wind generated power and the actual generated power, 
where the difference needs to be sold or purchased, as the case may be, and cleared in the power spot market 
from day to day. Ørsted also undertakes power balancing activities as a service on behalf of joint-venture 
partners on Ørsted’s offshore wind farms and external parties. As at 31 December 2021, the 5-year (2022-2026) 
net exposure towards the power prices after hedges amounted to DKK 14.9 billion. Ørsted has significant 
exposure to power prices post the 5-year hedge horizon.

--- Page 18 ---
18
Ørsted’s generation of power from its thermal power plants entails a spread exposure, measured as the 
difference between the power price and the fuel price i.e. biomass, gas and CO2 quotas. As at 31 December 
2021, the 5-year (2022-2026) net exposure after hedges from spread exposure amounts to DKK -0.3 billion. 
Ørsted’s gas and oil price risk stems from natural gas sourced on long-term contracts on gas and oil indexed 
prices, and sale of gas sold at fixed prices. As at 31 December 2021, the 5-year (2022-2026) net exposure after 
hedges from gas and oil amounts to DKK 1.0 billion.
Ørsted is exposed to risks in relation to its hedging and trading activities, which mainly cover hedging of energy 
commodity price and related currency exchange rate fluctuations. This includes situations where the hedging 
in place, which in some cases may be based on expected high correlations between different types of energy 
commodities, proves not to be efficient or suffers from illiquidity or inefficiencies in the relevant markets, or 
where hedging activities are based on assumptions about future prices, indices and volumes which may be 
wrong and cause inefficient commodity and currency hedges including over hedging.
One example of such inefficiencies and uncertainties is in relation to Ørsted’s power price hedges, where the 
hedges are normally settled against average monthly or yearly power prices, but where in power markets with 
significant shares of wind energy as e.g. Germany, the correlation between wind power production and the day-
ahead power price is negative, i.e. high shares of wind power production has a downward pressure on the power 
price. Hence an additional risk to Ørsted when hedging its wind power price is to estimate how much lower the 
average monthly power price achieved by the wind parks is compared to the average power price normally used 
for hedging purposes.
In certain price areas in the US, where Ørsted has producing onshore wind farms and/or solar PV plants it may 
only be possible to hedge the power price to a limited extent or not at all, and any PPA’s entered into to hedge 
such power price risks are in some cases proxy hedges with significant basis risk, when the reference price on 
the PPA does not correspond to the power price at Ørsted’s delivery points.
Furthermore, if Ørsted’s risk management systems, policies and procedures do not adequately capture the risk 
exposure from these activities or if the IT systems, including valuation and pricing models, and contingency 
procedures that support these activities break down or are inadequate, Ørsted may be further exposed to risks 
from its trading activities.
A materialisation of any of these risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s or Ørsted Wind’s operations 
or financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted’s or Ørsted Wind’s reputation.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to financing, liquidity and rating risks
Ørsted has announced significant growth plans with total investments of DKK 350 billion from 2020 to 2027
part of which will be debt financed including NTD-debt to be taken up by Ørsted or Ørsted Wind. At the same 
time Ørsted has maturing interest bearing senior bank and bond debt until 2027 corresponding to DKK 25.4
billion, which it anticipates will need to be refinanced. Ørsted’s or Ørsted Wind’s ability to secure financing 
through the bank and/or capital markets or from planned farm downs of power producing wind farms may be 
materially adversely affected by, among other factors, global financial crisis, or a crisis affecting a specific 
geographic region, industry, economic sector or investor segments, or by potential downgrades of Ørsted’s or 
Ørsted Wind’s credit ratings. For these or other reasons, the cost of financing may be significantly increased or, 
if financing proves to be unavailable even at unattractive terms, Ørsted or Ørsted Wind may not be able to raise 
the liquidity required to finance its business activities. 
Ørsted has a conservative policy relating to maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves and generally has large 
holdings of liquid assets and committed credit facilities in place. However, Ørsted could be exposed to liquidity 
and refinancing risk in situations where unforeseen events could result in a large cash outflow over a short 
period of time that could potentially exceed the size of the liquidity reserve, and where it would not be possible

--- Page 19 ---
19
at short notice to access required additional liquidity or credits from the bank market, capital markets or other 
sources. Such events could be driven by for example significant volatility and change in the market price of 
power or gas, interest rates, the exchange rate of the main currencies that Ørsted operates in or other, triggering 
significant outflow of cash relating to for example posing of cash collateral to cover negative market value on 
Ørsted’s significant hedge programme, power purchases relating Ørsted’s daily power balancing activities or 
other. 
Ørsted is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies, including changes related 
to (i) the equity content of individual outstanding hybrid capital securities and the ability of structures to obtain 
a certain level of equity credit, (ii) application of rating uplift for government support, where Ørsted’s rating is 
currently supported by the Danish State being its majority shareholder (iii) assessment of criteria for business 
risk and financial risk, and (iv) consolidation principles and adjustment practices to key credit metrics applied 
by the rating agencies. Any changes of such methodologies and practices that would result in an adverse effect 
on Ørsted’s rating may materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s operations or financial condition, Ørsted’s 
willingness or ability to leave individual transactions outstanding and adversely affect Ørsted’s financing costs, 
capital market reputation and market access. Since the rating of Ørsted Wind is reliant on the guarantee provided 
by Ørsted, any adverse development in the rating of Ørsted, irrespective of reason, is likely to have similar 
adverse effects on Ørsted Wind.
These risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s or Ørsted Wind’s operations or financial condition 
and cause harm to Ørsted’s or Ørsted Wind’s reputation.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to counterparty credit risks
The Group is dependent on the creditworthiness of its suppliers, partners, customers, debtors and counterparties 
in relation to its trading activities, bilateral sales of energy commodities and placement of liquidity reserve in 
banks and securities, as well as other counterparties and is exposed to risks relating to counterparties fulfilling 
all obligations and/or collateral requirements. Furthermore, the Group is exposed to risks related to the failure 
of having adequate credit risk management systems and procedures in place, including risks of inaccurate 
assumptions related to exposure calculations and the legal positions of the Group and their respective 
counterparties.
Mainly for the purpose of reducing its risk towards fluctuating power prices, Ørsted is participating actively in 
the evolving market for corporate power purchase agreements (“CPPAs”) and has entered into long-term fixed 
price power sales agreements linked to the power production from specific onshore and offshore wind farms. 
Such CPPAs can include long-term agreements with a duration of more than 15 years. As some of these 
agreements are large in volume of power sold and have a long duration, they may represent significant market 
value to Ørsted in case the contracted sales prices are higher than the relevant market price for power on which 
Ørsted is exposed to the risk of the counterparty not fulfilling its obligations through default or other and in 
case a CPPA cannot be replaced at similar terms in the market.
As part of Ørsted’s divestment of its oil and gas exploration and production licenses, including the divestment 
of the upstream Oil & Gas business to INEOS, Ørsted has assumed secondary liabilities relating to the 
decommissioning of offshore facilities in Denmark and Norway. In the UK, a potential decommissioning 
liability follows from the regulation. The terms of Ørsted’s liabilities are different depending on which country 
it relates to. For further details on the Ørsted’s divestment of its Oil & Gas business, please see the note 3.6 
within the Annual Report 2017. Ørsted is exposed to risks relating to the creditworthiness and ability of the 
buyers and any guarantor, to which Ørsted may have recourse, to meet any and all costs relating to the 
decommissioning of these offshore facilities.
These counterparty risks including any secondary liability materialising may materially and adversely affect 
Ørsted’s financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted’s reputation.

--- Page 20 ---
20
b) Risks related to Ørsted’s and Ørsted Wind’s business activities
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind face competition and regulatory risks
Ørsted’s and Ørsted Wind’s renewables power businesses are subject to certain risks, including the risk of not 
being able to source turbines, foundations, cables, machinery and equipment and vessels for the projects at 
competitive prices and in general efficiently for new projects in an increasingly competitive market. Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind face continual rapid pace of technological development in the wind power and solar PV industries 
and an increasing degree of complexity in offshore wind projects due to increased water depths and distances 
to shores, which could affect Ørsted’s or Ørsted Wind’s ability to compete efficiently and/or the profitability of 
its projects.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind have obtained the right to and receives fixed tariffs, renewables certificates or other 
types of subsidies for a fixed period of time on power produced from most of their renewable assets. Ørsted 
and Ørsted Wind are subject to regulatory or political risks relating to any initiative aimed at changing existing 
subsidies, price mechanisms, licenses, terms of delivery or other.
Furthermore, in the US, Ørsted is exposed to risks of not obtaining or being able to utilize Federal Tax Credits 
(the Production Tax Credits (“PTC”) or Investment Tax Credit (“ITC”)), which are important to achieve 
required project returns. Should the construction of such projects in the US be delayed, Ørsted is exposed to a 
risk of not qualifying for the expected level of PTCs or ITCs.
In relation to the development of each of Ørsted’s and Ørsted Wind’s project pipeline, project development in 
general contains risks relating to obtaining required consents, grid connections, approvals, permits and licenses 
needed to ensure a viable project. These risks are significantly lower in tender regimes such as in Denmark and 
The Netherlands compared to auction regimes and new markets such as the United Kingdom, the United States 
and Taiwan.
A materialisation of any of these risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s and/or Ørsted Wind’s 
operations or financial condition and cause harm to its reputation.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks related to weather conditions and shifts in climate
The average wind speed can vary from year to year due to natural fluctuations which will impact Ørsted’s and 
Ørsted Wind’s earnings and cash flows from the wind assets. On an individual site, the standard deviation of 
annual wind speeds is estimated to be in the range of 4-5 per cent. This corresponds to a variation in production 
of 6-9 per cent. Over a 10-year period, the standard deviation in wind speeds is between 1-2 per cent., 
corresponding to a variation in production of 1-3 per cent. Currently, Ørsted mainly owns offshore wind farms 
in Northern Europe, where the weather and therefore the wind speeds are highly correlated. Hence, if the wind 
speeds in Northern Europe are low, it can potentially affect production from Ørsted’s entire European wind 
portfolio.
Northern European and Scandinavian power prices are normally negatively correlated to the development of 
temperatures, wind content and precipitation volumes in Norway and Sweden, and the same relation exists for 
heat demand in Denmark; the higher the temperature, wind speeds and/or precipitation the lower the power 
price. Ørsted’s earnings forecast reflects the forward market in the short terms and a normal year in the mid-to 
long term development.
These and related factors may consequently materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s 
operations or financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted’s reputation.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to technical and operational risks
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are each exposed to risks in connection with disruptions to their operational facilities 
such as wind power, solar and power storage assets and for Ørsted also power stations, which may be caused

--- Page 21 ---
21
by technical breakdowns or system malfunctions, including serial defects, in equipment and machinery, 
including transformers, turbines, solar production facilities, foundations, substations, cables or transmission or 
distribution grid outages, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, labour disputes, ill-intentioned acts or 
other accidents or incidents. These disruptions could result in shutdowns, delays or long-term decommissioning 
in production or transportation of energy. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks related to the availability of power transmission and natural gas 
and heat infrastructure, and for Ørsted also natural gas and heat transmission infrastructure, hub platforms and 
distribution infrastructure, owned by external parties in order to meet contractual supply obligations or for the 
transportation of the power produced and for Ørsted also its heat production. In relation to transmission of 
offshore wind power production, Ørsted is not compensated for loss of generation in the UK, US and Taiwan 
and only partly compensated for such losses in the Netherlands and Germany. If an export cable or transmission 
outage occurs, including main transformers, it may cause generation losses for part of a wind farm or an entire 
wind farm for up to 6 months or more.
These and related factors may consequently lead to lower-than-forecasted availabilities and production across 
Ørsted’s and Ørsted Wind’s portfolios and could materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s and/or Ørsted Wind’s 
operations or financial condition and cause harm to the reputation.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to construction and project completion risks
With awards of offshore projects in Taiwan, the US and Poland, as well as the acquisitions in the US and Ireland
of both producing and development wind and solar projects, the Group has managed to establish new positions 
in these markets, which will involve major investments in renewable production capacity over the coming years. 
The investments in and construction of large renewable energy projects in these markets increase Ørsted’s and 
Ørsted Wind’s risk regarding the completion of construction projects in addition to Ørsted’s construction risk 
relating to projects in existing European markets. Risks relating to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s construction 
activities include:

Local content requirements vary from country to country (and state to state in the US) and are relevant both 
when submitting bids for new projects and during the construction phase, where the lack of availability of 
locally manufactured components, facilities and qualified local staff will impact whether Ørsted and/or 
Ørsted Wind is successful in delivering the project on time and within budget. Furthermore, local 
legislation, such as the Jones Act in the US regulates maritime commerce in US waters and between US 
ports and stipulates that transport of US origin goods between a US harbour and an anchored vessel or 
installed foundation in federal waters (“US points”) can only be performed by US built, owned, flagged, 
and crewed vessels, can complicate both the construction and operational phases of projects;

Cultural and other differences in regional markets including obtaining public licenses and consent 
processes, safety standards and the ability to recruit the necessary competent staff;

As part of the expansion of the offshore wind industry to new markets, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are
encountering risks related to the production of components and higher costs due to an undeveloped local 
supply chain and supporting infrastructure.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s investments in offshore wind projects are each multi-billion Danish Kroner 
investments that are technically complex and physically large in nature. The projects are being constructed far 
at sea and may encounter unforeseen challenges and obstacles, which may cause delays and result in time and 
cost overruns. Furthermore, offshore construction works involve risks related to adverse weather conditions, 
suppliers or sub-suppliers not fulfilling their contractual obligations, lack of availability of essential supplies 
such as machinery and equipment, general supply chain disruptions, availability of and delays in installation 
and transit vessels and delays in the grid connection provided by transmission system operators.

--- Page 22 ---
22
In some cases, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s projects have completion deadlines and failure to meet these deadlines 
may in certain cases result in penalties, partial/full loss of subsidies, grid connections and/or project rights.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind make significant long-term capital expenditures and commitments based on forecasts 
on multiple investment assumptions, including but not limited to capital expenditure and operating expenditure, 
market prices, subsidy levels, production volumes, currency exchange rates and interest rates which may turn 
out to be wrong. In the event of any material deviations from such estimates Ørsted or Ørsted Wind may not 
earn the expected return on related projects or may decide not to proceed with the construction and completion 
of an investment project where project rights and licenses have been awarded.
These and related factors may consequently materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s and/or Ørsted Wind’s 
operations or financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted’s or Ørsted Wind’s reputation.
c)
Regulatory, tax, IT and other risks
Ørsted is exposed to pandemic risks 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to local, regional, national or international outbreak of a contagious 
disease, including, but not limited to, COVID-19, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, H1N1 influenza virus, 
avian flu or any other similar illness, or a fear of any of the foregoing, which could adversely impact Ørsted or 
Ørsted Wind by causing delay in project construction or repair and maintenance works. This could be caused 
by a shutdown of Ørsted or Ørsted Wind’s own organisations or by closure of third-party supplier and 
manufacturer facilities resulting in our suppliers or sub-suppliers not fulfilling their contractual obligations, 
general supply chain disruptions, project development delays and disruptions, local labour shortages or travel 
disruption and temporary shutdowns (including as a result of government regulation and prevention measures). 
The effects of a contagious disease can also affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind indirectly through a reduction in the 
consumption of electricity due to lower activity in the economies. This could have a material adverse effect on 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s reputation, operational results and/or financial condition.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to cyber security risks
The Danish National Centre for Cyber Security have assessed the risk of cyber-attacks, cyber espionage and 
cyber-crime aimed at the energy sector to be at the top of their defined scale. Thus, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are 
exposed to cyber-crime and IT-risks including breakdown in their administrative and production systems 
potentially affecting power production, business critical supplies of data and core business objectives for 
Ørsted’s and Ørsted Wind’s wind farms and power stations. Such risks can be triggered by cyber-attacks 
orchestrated by government supported attackers, organised crime or hacktivists as well as insider threats and 
accidents. Breakdowns could potentially shut down or destroy generation assets such as an offshore wind farm 
or a power plant. These risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s or Ørsted Wind’s financial condition 
and cause harm to Ørsted’s or Ørsted Wind’s reputation.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to judgement relating to and changes in tax and accounting laws, 
standards and practices
Ørsted’s and Ørsted Wind’s activities are complex and include domestic and cross border transactions including 
acquisitions, divestments and restructurings, and in the course of conducting business internationally, tax and 
transfer pricing disputes with tax authorities may occur. Judgement is applied to assess the possible outcome of 
such disputes. Each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind apply the methods prescribed in IAS 12 and IFRIC 23
‘Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments’ when making provisions for uncertain tax positions, and consider 
the provisions made to be adequate. However, the actual obligation depends on the result of litigations and 
settlements with the relevant tax authorities and may therefore deviate significantly from Ørsted’s or Ørsted
Wind’s own estimates.

--- Page 23 ---
23
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to adverse changes in tax and customs legislation, rules and regulations, 
its application or manner of enforcement, including by way of elimination or reduction in tax or levy 
exemptions, in each jurisdiction in which it operates.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to changes in or interpretation of accounting principles and to the risk of 
asset impairment if interest rates or other assumptions applied in impairment tests change adversely including 
a decline in forecasted cash flows. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind have costs relating to the decommissioning of its 
operating offshore wind farms and for Ørsted also other assets such as on power plants and infrastructure assets 
at the time of abandonment of each asset. In the annual report 2021, note 3.9 on page 108, Ørsted’s total 
decommissioning obligations are stated at DKK 8.9 billion.
These risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s and/or Ørsted Wind’s financial condition and cause 
harm to Ørsted’s and/or Ørsted Wind’s reputation.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to the risks related to not being insured against all potential losses
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are not insured against all potential losses, being partly self-insured, including political 
risks and business interruption and with losses related to pollution liability and pollution clean-up obligations 
restricted by insurance coverage currently available on the commercial market. Such potential losses are 
applicable during both operations and for construction projects. Consequently, Ørsted or Ørsted Wind could be 
seriously harmed by accidents, operational catastrophes or external attacks, and this may materially and 
adversely affect Ørsted’s or Ørsted Wind’s operations or financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted’s or 
Ørsted Wind’s reputation.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks related to litigation and arbitration proceedings
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks related to litigation and arbitration proceedings which Ørsted 
and/or Ørsted Wind is/are or may in the future become involved in and Ørsted and Ørsted Wind will remain 
exposed to such liability in the future. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind have also been, are, and will continue to be 
subject to competition and other regulatory investigations and decisions by EU, Danish and other national 
competition authorities and energy regulatory authorities (for example, for alleged abuse of a dominant position 
or for application of tariffs which allegedly are too high), and this may materially and adversely affect the 
Group’s operations or financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s reputation. For further 
details on material litigation currently affecting the Group please refer to “Ørsted A/S – Legal Proceedings and 
material contracts”.
Ørsted is exposed to risks regarding sustainability and environmental hazards
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind operate within the energy-sector and are exposed to general public and political opinion 
on sustainability. In relation to Ørsted’s power plants, forest-based biomass and non-forest biomass as an energy 
source play a significant role in reducing carbon emissions. However, only sustainable biomass can deliver 
carbon savings, while other types of biomass may lead to increased emissions. As a result, the use of biomass 
is subject to high levels of scrutiny in Denmark, Europe and the US where environmental non-governmental 
organisations and biomass sceptical academia lead the debate. To promote sustainable utilisation of forest-based 
biomass as well as non-forest biomass for energy purposes, the European Union adopted a recast Renewable 
Energy Directive (Directive (EU) 2018/2001) introducing sustainability criteria for biomass. This directive has 
been implemented in Danish law with stricter sustainability and green-house-gas-emission criteria than the 
directive. Ørsted’s biomass utilisation shall comply fully with the criteria in Danish law and the forest biomass 
is aimed to be 100 per cent. certified sustainable according to the most recognised certification schemes for 
forest biomass.
Ørsted operates power plants and oil and gas transmission facilities transporting oil and gas from third party 
production facilities in the North Sea and through to the Danish mainland by which it is exposed to the risks of

--- Page 24 ---
24
causing significant harm to the natural or human environment. These risks include accidents, external attacks, 
injuries, oil spills or discharges or other pollution of water, air, or soil, electromagnetic fields and the use and 
handling of hazardous or toxic chemicals and other materials in or near Ørsted’s production facilities and 
infrastructure assets where Ørsted could meet economic consequences in the form of penalties, compensation 
payments and obligations to take remedial measures to restore the environment, amongst others.
These risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s and/or Ørsted Wind’s financial condition and cause 
harm to Ørsted’s and/or Ørsted Wind’s reputation.
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks regarding new and existing tender law
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s construction projects are of significant size and entails significant purchase orders 
relating to turbines, transformers, blades, cables, foundations and services etc. In relation to such purchases, 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are to a large extent subject to EU and/or local tender regulation. The tender regulation 
is difficult to apply, among other things due to the imprecise nature of the regulation, the rapid evolving case 
law and the different national interpretation of the regulation creating difficulties for tenders involving several 
countries. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s risks facing legal sanctions in the event of non-compliance incidents that 
may include suspension of an ongoing tender procedure, annulment of a contract award, order for legalisation 
of the tender procedure and claims for damages. If no tender procedure has been conducted, the contract is 
considered null and void. Consequently, a non-compliance incident may also result in a postponement of an 
investment project, which could have a material adverse effect on Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s reputation, 
operational results and/or financial condition.
The Group is exposed to compliance risks subject to a broad range of financial regulations
The level and type of financial regulation risks varies from business unit to business unit within the Group. The 
main risks across the Group are compliance with disclosure obligations under the EU Regulation on Wholesale 
Energy Market Integrity and Transparency (“REMIT”), market abuse prohibitions and reporting obligations 
pursuant to REMIT, the European Market Infrastructure Regulation and MiFID II, but the Group is also affected 
by the EU Market Abuse Regulation, the US Dodd Frank regulation, the EU Security Financing Transactions 
Regulation and the EU Directive on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money 
laundering or terrorist financing as implemented in national law. Non-compliance with financial regulation may 
result in severe legal sanctions, such as imprisonment for involved employees, significant fines or damage 
claims. Non-compliance may also result in Ørsted, Ørsted Wind or a subsidiary becoming subject to a financial 
regulator’s license requirements which may involve setting up special purpose entities subject to material capital 
requirements and implementation of burdensome internal procedures and IT requirements. These risks may 
materially and adversely affect the Group’s financial conditions and cause harm to the Group’s reputation.
The Group is subject to risks related to ethical misconduct or breaches of applicable laws by employees, 
suppliers, agents or other third parties
The Group has implemented compliance policies and procedures with respect to applicable anti-corruption, 
anti-money laundering and sanctions laws. The Group is exposed to risks from unintentional breach of such 
laws by its employees, suppliers, sub-suppliers, energy customers, agents, joint venture partners or other third 
parties involved in the Group’s projects or activities, including situations where trading with such suppliers and 
energy customers becomes subject to sanctions or if conducted under exemption from sanctions laws, that such 
exemptions are suddenly withdrawn. Any incidents of non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, 
including anti-corruption, sanctions, anti-money laundering or other applicable laws, by the employees, 
suppliers, agents or other third parties, may cause Ørsted, Ørsted Wind or a subsidiary to be subject to significant 
fines, prevent the Group from participating in certain projects or may lead to other consequences, including, 
but not limited to, the termination of existing contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s reputation, business, cash flows, results of operation and/or financial condition.

--- Page 25 ---
25
Ørsted is exposed to risks related to decisions made by Ørsted majority shareholder, the Kingdom of 
Denmark
The Kingdom of Denmark is Ørsted’s majority shareholder and may control or otherwise influence important 
actions it takes, such as decisions requiring a simple majority of the share capital and voting rights represented 
at Ørsted’s general meetings, including distribution of dividends. Depending on the extent to which other 
shareholders are present or represented at Ørsted’s general meetings, the Kingdom of Denmark may also be 
able to control decisions requiring a qualified majority of the votes, such as amendments to Ørsted’s Articles of 
Association. Conversely, if the Kingdom of Denmark ceases to be the majority shareholder, this might trigger 
new requirements in respect of certain of Ørsted’s consents, permits and licenses, may require a renegotiation 
of certain of Ørsted’s loan documents and have other effects due to a change-of-control event. This may 
materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s operations or financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted’s reputation.
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features:
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Relevant Issuer
The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) for a particular issue of Notes may provide for 
early redemption at the option of the Relevant Issuer, including a Call Option as described in Condition 7(e), a 
Make-Whole Redemption as described in Condition 7(e) and/or a Clean-up Call Option as described in 
Condition 7(f). See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes (other than NTD Notes) — Redemption, Purchase and 
Options” and “Terms and Conditions of the NTD Notes — Redemption, Purchase and Options”.
The existence of these early redemption options could limit the market value of such Notes. During any period 
where there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood that the Relevant Issuer may elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time: for example, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early 
redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes.
With respect to the Clean-up Call Option, there is no obligation on the Relevant Issuer to inform investors if 
and when the Minimum Percentage of a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, 
and the Relevant Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a 
notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option by the Relevant Issuer the Notes may have been 
trading significantly above the redemption price, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to affect a conversion, and any conversion of the interest basis, 
may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same

--- Page 26 ---
26
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the 
Relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on its Notes. Furthermore, if any Notes are issued upon terms providing for automatic 
conversion of the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate or vice versa, this may also affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned if the rate or basis to which the interest rate 
is required to switch is lower than the interest rate prevailing up to such time.
Inflation Linked Notes (Not applicable to NTD Notes)
Ørsted may issue Inflation Linked Notes where interest and redemption amounts will be adjusted by reference 
to movements in RPI or CPI (each an “Index”), as the case may be, during a reference period.
A decrease in the relevant Index over the reference period will reduce the interest or redemption amounts 
payable in respect of such Notes. In a deflationary environment, (i) the annual interest received may be lower 
than the rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) and (ii) the amount to be repaid upon redemption of the Notes would be reduced to less than the 
nominal amount of the Notes (unless the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) specify redemption at par or a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be)) which is equal to or higher than the nominal amount of the Notes). 
Consequently, investors may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it. The historical experience of 
the relevant Index should not be viewed as an indication of future performance of such Index during the term 
of any Inflation Linked Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal 
advisors about the risk entailed by an investment in any Inflation Linked Notes and the suitability of such Notes 
considering its circumstances.
Moreover, the methodology used by the Office for National Statistics (“ONS”) for calculating RPI or CPI may 
change over time which may affect the actual RPI or CPI figure. Consequently, the amount of interest payable 
on each interest payment date and/or the amount to be repaid upon redemption of Inflation Linked Notes may 
increase, or decrease, as a result of such a change to the RPI or CPI figure.
If the relevant Index ceases to be published or where there is a fundamental change in the rules governing such 
Index, adjustments to such Index may be made, or a substitute index may be agreed. If an adjustment to such 
Index cannot be made or any substitute for such Index found then, in specified circumstances, Ørsted may 
redeem the Inflation Linked Notes early. See Conditions 6(d) and 7(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(other than NTD Notes) for further detail.
The application of Conditions 6(d) and 7(d) may have a positive or negative impact on the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date and/or the amount to be repaid upon, or the timing of, any redemption 
of Inflation Linked Notes.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
green assets
Either Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are specified to be “Green Bonds” in the applicable 
Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). The Relevant Issuer may choose to 
apply an amount equal to the proceeds from the issue of such Notes specifically for projects and activities that 
promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (“Green Projects”) as described in the Green

--- Page 27 ---
27
Finance Framework dated April 2019 (the “Green Finance Framework”) published on Ørsted’s website at 
www.orsted.com and as updated from time to time. Prospective investors should have regard to the information 
set out in this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be) and the Green Finance Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. Pursuant to the International Capital Markets Association’s Green 
Bond Principles 2018 recommendations, Ørsted has engaged CICERO to issue a second-party opinion 
regarding its Green Finance Framework from April 2019 (the “CICERO Opinion”). The CICERO Opinion is 
only current as of the date on which it was initially issued. The Green Finance Framework, the CICERO Opinion 
and associated reporting are available on Ørsted’s website www.orsted.com. For the avoidance of doubt, neither 
the Green Finance Framework nor the CICERO Opinion is incorporated into, or forms part of, this Base 
Prospectus. The Green Finance Framework and the CICERO Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of 
all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Green Bonds. Neither the Green Finance Framework nor the CICERO Opinion is a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities.
No assurance is given by Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee 
that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, any Green Projects. While it is the intention of the Ørsted and Ørsted Wind to apply the proceeds of 
such Green Bonds specifically for a portfolio of eligible green projects as described in the Green Finance 
Framework, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) (including those the subject of, or 
related to, any Green Projects) will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed 
for such project(s) or use(s). Nor can there be any assurance that any Green Projects will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Relevant Issuer will 
not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes.
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-
labelled project, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy)), nor can any assurance be given 
that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. In light of the continuing development of legal, 
regulatory and market convention in the green and sustainable market, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects.
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Relevant Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification (i) is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus, (ii) 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Arranger, the Dealers or any

--- Page 28 ---
28
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and (iii) would only be current as of the date that it was initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of 
any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Arranger, the Dealers, the 
Trustee, the Taiwanese Trustee or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or 
in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, for example with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Green Projects. Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee, the Taiwanese Trustee 
or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any project(s) or use(s), including any 
Green Projects, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Relevant Issuer are not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted 
to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended by the Relevant Issuer 
to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued 
under the Programme.
Risks related to Notes generally
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:
Modification, waivers and substitution
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority.
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the 
substitution of certain other entities as principal debtor under any Notes in place of either of the Issuers or of 
any previously substituted company, in the circumstances described in Condition 12 of the conditions of the 
Notes and Condition 10 of the conditions of the NTD Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29
Change of law
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus.
Integral multiples of less than €100,000
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
of €100,000 plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds 
an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations.
Regulation and reform of EURIBOR or other “benchmarks” could adversely affect any Notes linked 
to such “benchmarks”.
EURIBOR and other rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”.
The BMR was published in the official journal on 29 June 2016 and became applicable from 1 January 2018 
(with the exception of provisions specified in Article 59 (mainly on critical benchmarks) that have applied from 
30 June 2016). The BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
“benchmark” rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the BMR, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. 
In addition, the BMR stipulates that each administrator of a “benchmark” regulated thereunder must be licensed 
by the competent authority of the Member State where such administrator is located. There is a risk that 
administrators of certain “benchmarks” will fail to obtain a necessary license, preventing them from continuing 
to provide such “benchmarks”. Other administrators may cease to administer certain “benchmarks” because of 
the additional costs of compliance with the BMR and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated 
therewith.
The potential elimination of certain benchmarks, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark 
could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the terms and conditions, or result in other 
consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback 
of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for floating rate Notes based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Any such consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on the value and return on any such Notes.
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. It is not possible to predict 
whether, and to what extent, the benchmarks will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause 
benchmarks to perform differently than they have in the past and may have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain

--- Page 30 ---
30
“benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a 
“benchmark”.
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference 
to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference 
Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page 
is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent.
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was 
discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from 
reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may 
adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate 
and a public statement by the supervisor for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that such rate is 
or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying 
market. If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)) occurs, the Relevant Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate, despite the 
continued availability of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to be referenced. In addition, the market (if any) for Notes linked to 
any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be less liquid than the market for Notes linked to the Original 
Reference Rate.
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions of the Notes, 
as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement 
for consent or approval of the Noteholders.
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate. 
The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body 
(which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, 
formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Independent

--- Page 31 ---
31
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula or methodology which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be.
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form.
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes.
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser 
is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark 
Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has failed, to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will continue to attempt 
to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest Determination Date 
and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent 
Interest Periods, as necessary. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined.
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed 
Rate Notes.
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. If a public 
statement is made by the supervisor for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, with effect from 
a date after 31 December 2021, such rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no 
longer representative of its relevant underlying market and a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, 
ISDA Determination will not apply. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate 
Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined 
on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant 
screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may 
lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, 
and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32
Risks related to the market generally
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:
The secondary market generally
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls, where the foreign currency is the Euro, and the 
risk of a breakup of the Euro and the risk of a redenomination of the Notes. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent 
yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (3) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.
Interest rate risks
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where a Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating(s) assigned to the Programme, the Relevant Issuer or to Notes already issued. Such ratings may also not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes. In addition, any negative change in the credit rating of the 
Relevant Issuer could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. If the status of the rating agency rating the 
Notes changes, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling 
the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time.

--- Page 33 ---
33
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:
(a)
the annual report of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the “Ørsted 2021
Annual Report”) (excluding the section entitled “Financial Outlook 2022” appearing on pages 13 to 14
and the section entitled “Financial estimates and policies” on page 15), including the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted, together in each case with the audit report thereon –
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/annual2021/annual-report-
2021.ashx?la=en&rev=9d4904ddf4c44594adab627f7e4c62be&hash=BD463F56D8BEF7EB5911361
36FEFDF44
(b)
the annual report of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the “Ørsted 2020
Annual Report”) (excluding the section entitled “Financial Outlook 2021” appearing on pages 15 to 16 
and the section entitled “Financial estimates and policies” on page 17), including the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted, together in each case with the audit report thereon –
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/annual2020/annual-report-
2020.ashx?la=en&rev=982c3382c2f0459486e16c7098dd5b57&hash=FEFF679F22C92424BB37037
436E9C84A
(c)
the annual report of Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the “Ørsted 
Wind 2021 Annual Report”) – https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/annual2021/cc7420-orsted-
wind-power-tw-holdings-audited-annual-report-
2021.ashx?la=en&rev=84fa4435602d4de3a1b3ac2f737ec8df&hash=1AA06A3FA81F60CB7F913725
6A5D580C
(d)
the annual report of Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (the “Ørsted 
Wind 
2020
Annual 
Report”) 
–
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-
/media/www/docs/corp/com/investor/financial-reporting/tw-holding-reports/orsted-wind-power-tw-
holding-annual-report-
2020.ashx?la=en&rev=95d1ee17cd1741cb8cbe94cb3e304bad&hash=4C840F9D574C7BA0234CCF
CCA8800633
(e)
the terms and conditions set out on pages 35 to 94 of the prospectus dated 30 October 2020 relating to 
the programme –
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/www/docs/corp/com/investor/debt_invest/orsted-dip-update-
2020_base-
prospectus.ashx?la=en&rev=09b5780fe98f4782b66c3dcdbb12ba08&hash=45581D0389EF734352499
E321358630B
(f)
the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 82 of the prospectus dated 4 November 2019 relating to 
the Programme –
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/www/docs/corp/com/investor/debt_invest/base-prospectus-
dated-4-november-
2019.ashx?la=en&rev=267290f4a8804f2fa606f644c9443cdc&hash=792EC2B41B7FC6DCB5DBA86
078E18379
(g)
the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 56 of the prospectus dated 3 May 2019 relating to the 
Programme –
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/WWW/Docs/Corp/COM/Investor/Orsted-DIP-Base-
Prospectus-3-May-

--- Page 34 ---
34
2019.ashx?la=en&rev=db33fd04cbde4c8c9bcf59f4e08d21f8&hash=C7AD66964BB781915B04E4158
78463C4
(h)
the terms and conditions set out on pages 23 to 49 of the prospectus dated 17 May 2017 relating to the 
Programme –
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/WWW/Docs/Corp/COM/Investor/Financial-
reporting/Outstanding-
bonds/001_DONG_EMTN_U17_Base_Prospectus_final.ashx?la=en&hash=3B7423461042B3529433
C5F9CC8AC3737291875C&hash=3B7423461042B3529433C5F9CC8AC3737291875C&rev=f1e94c
9cebce4edea96a4c5d74589b76
(together, the “documents incorporated by reference”), each of which have been filed with the CSSF
and published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes 
such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be published on Ørsted’s website 
(www.orsted.com) and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020
as set out in the Ørsted 20121 Annual Report, the Ørsted 2020 Annual Report, the Ørsted Wind 2021 Annual 
Report and the Ørsted Wind 2020 Annual Report, respectively.
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021
Consolidated Statement of Income.......................................................................................
Page 73
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income…………………………………………..
Page 74
Consolidated Balance Sheet.................................................................................................
Page 75
Consolidated Statement of Shareholders’ Equity……………………………………………...
Page 76
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows................................................................................
Page 77
Notes..................................................................................................................................
Pages 78-150
Independent Auditors’ Report ..............................................................................................
Pages 170-173
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020
Income Statement……………………………………………………………………………...
Page 77

--- Page 35 ---
35
Statement of Comprehensive Income…………………………………………………………
Page 78
Balance Sheet………………………………………………………………………………….
Page 79
Statement of Changes in Equity……………………………………………………………….
Page 80
Statement of Cash Flows………………………………………………………………………
Page 81
Notes…………………………………………………………………………………………..
Pages 82-167
Independent Auditors’ Report…………………………………………………………………
Pages 187-190
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2021
Income Statement................................................................................................................
Page 11
Balance Sheet .....................................................................................................................
Pages 12-13
Statement of Changes in Equity...........................................................................................
Page 14
Notes..................................................................................................................................
Pages 15-20
Independent Auditors’ Report ..............................................................................................
Pages 2-4
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2020
Income Statement................................................................................................................
Page 11
Balance Sheet .....................................................................................................................
Pages 12-13
Statement of Changes in Equity...........................................................................................
Page 14
Notes..................................................................................................................................
Pages 15-19
Independent Auditors’ Report ..............................................................................................
Pages 2-4

--- Page 36 ---
36
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
Ørsted has given an undertaking to the Dealers and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange that if at any time during 
the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and 
whose inclusion in this Base Prospectus or removal is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
Ørsted, and the rights attaching to the Notes, Ørsted shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a replacement prospectus approved by the CSSF for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto or replacement prospectus as such Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 37 ---
37
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
(OTHER THAN THE NTD NOTES)
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to each Series of the Notes in definitive 
form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. The full text of these terms 
and conditions together with the relevant Final Terms shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the 
Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will 
have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. References in these Conditions to 
“Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. In the 
case of Exempt Notes issued under the Programme, references to the “Notes” and the “Final Terms” in these 
Conditions shall be read and construed as references to the Exempt Notes and the Pricing Supplement, 
respectively.
The Notes are constituted by an Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 22 February 2022 between Ørsted 
A/S (“Ørsted” and in its capacity as an issuer of Notes, the “Issuer”), Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S as 
guarantor (“Ørsted Wind” and in its capacity as the guarantor of Notes issued by Ørsted, the “Guarantor”) 
and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time 
being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below) (as amended 
or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”). These terms and 
conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes 
the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An Amended and 
Restated Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) 
dated 30 October 2020 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee, Citibank, N.A. as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and 
paying agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being 
(if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement are available for inspection during usual business hours at the principal office of the Trustee 
(presently at 14th Floor, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) and at the specified 
offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents provided that if any Agent is not able to make available 
for inspection at its specified office such documents by any event beyond its reasonable control, such Agent 
may provide such documents for inspection to any holder of a Note electronically upon request by any such 
Noteholder and upon the provision of evidence satisfactory to such Agent of such Noteholder’s holding in such 
Note with the relevant clearing system.
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts” 
and the “Receiptholders”) relating to Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are 
entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed 
and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement.
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are specified to be 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form exchangeable for

--- Page 38 ---
38
Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) as specified hereon in each case in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown hereon provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as 
at the date of issue of the relevant Notes).
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are 
issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Specified Denomination as 
the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes.
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Inflation Linked Note or an 
Instalment Note, a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown hereon.
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued 
with one or more Receipts attached.
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.
The Notes are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the Final Terms. Any currency may be so 
specified, subject to compliance with all legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”) or as specified hereon. Except as 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on 
it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts relating to it or the 
person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in 
whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.
2
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes
(a)
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes:
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, 
that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined 
in Condition 8(b)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need 
not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of

--- Page 39 ---
39
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes:
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially 
in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part 
transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the 
detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations 
may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy 
of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes:
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholder’s option in respect of, or a partial redemption of,
a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In 
the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having 
different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have 
the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already 
a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding.
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates:
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c) shall be available for delivery 
within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as 
defined in Condition 7(g)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case 
may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice 
or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as 
aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or 
otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate 
to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may 
specify. In this Condition (d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which 
banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the 
Registrar (as the case may be).
(e)
Exchange Free of Charge:
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or partial 
redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but upon payment by the applicant of any tax or other governmental charges that may be

--- Page 40 ---
40
imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent 
may require).
(f)
Closed Periods:
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the 
due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Note, (ii) during 
the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its 
option pursuant to Conditions 7(e), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during 
the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An Exchangeable Bearer Note 
called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of 
which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date (as defined 
in Condition 8(b)(ii)).
3
Guarantee and Status
(a)
Guarantee
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed 
to be payable by the Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Notes and any Receipts and Coupons relating to 
them. Its obligations in that respect (the “Upstream Guarantee”) are contained in the Amended and 
Restated Trust Deed. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at 
least equally with all its other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, present and future.
(b)
Status
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts and Coupons 
relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject 
to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all its other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future.
4
Negative Pledge
(a)
Restriction:
So long as any Note, Receipt or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), neither the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor will, and the Issuer and the Guarantor will each ensure that none of their
respective Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) will create, or have outstanding any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) other than a Permitted Security 
Interest (as defined below), upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including any uncalled share capital) to secure any (A) Relevant Debt, or (B) payment under 
any guarantee or indemnity granted by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any such Material Subsidiary in 
respect of any Relevant Debt without at the same time or prior thereto according to the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s obligations under the Trust Deed, equal and rateable 
security to that which is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Debt, guarantee or indemnity 
or such other security as the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially less 
beneficial to the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) of the Noteholders.

--- Page 41 ---
41
(b)
Definitions:
For the purposes of these Conditions:
(i)
“Group” means together Ørsted, Ørsted Wind and Subsidiaries of each of Ørsted and Ørsted 
Wind whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of Ørsted;
(ii)
“Material Subsidiary” at any time means (A) Ørsted Wind and (B) any member of the Group 
(not being a Subsidiary falling within sub-paragraph (iv) of the definition of Non-Recourse 
Project Financing and whose only indebtedness for borrowed money is Non-Recourse Project 
Financing):
(i)
which was a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) at the date to 
which the then latest audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group (the 
“Accounts”) were made up and whose total revenue and/or gross assets (in each case 
consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) at the time of its 
latest financial statements (consolidated where applicable) exceeded 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated total revenue and/or gross assets of the Group at such date, as determined by 
reference to such Accounts;
(ii)
which has been a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) for more 
than 180 days and which became a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) subsequent to the date of the then latest Accounts and whose total revenue and/or 
gross assets (in each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) would, as at the balance sheet date of the then latest Accounts on the basis 
that such Subsidiary was a Subsidiary on such balance sheet date, exceed 10 per cent. of 
the consolidated total revenue and/or gross assets of the Group as would be determined by 
reference to such consolidated financial statements; or
(iii)
any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) which, although not a 
Material Subsidiary at the date of the then latest Accounts, subsequently acquires or 
develops assets and/or generates revenues which would, when aggregated with its existing 
assets and/or revenues (in each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself 
has Subsidiaries), constitute 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated total revenue and/or 
gross assets of the Group if at the balance sheet date of the then latest Accounts, those 
Accounts and the latest financial statements of the relevant Subsidiary (consolidated 
where applicable) had been prepared on the basis that such assets had already been 
acquired or developed or such revenues had already been generated,
provided that if any Material Subsidiary shall at any relevant time cease to have revenue and/or 
gross assets (in each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
which constitute more than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total revenues and/or gross assets of 
the Group if consolidated financial statements of the Group were prepared at that time, it shall at 
that time cease to be a Material Subsidiary, until such time as its revenues and/or gross assets (in 
each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) subsequently 
exceed 10 per cent. of the consolidated total revenues and/or gross assets of the Group at any 
relevant time. A certificate of two Directors of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary is or is not, or was or was not, at any particular time or during 
any particular period, a Material Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee and, if so relied 
upon, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned;

--- Page 42 ---
42
(iii)
“Non-Recourse Project Financing” means any present or future indebtedness incurred to 
finance the ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, maintenance and/or 
operation of an asset (whether or not an asset of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
or any of its Subsidiaries), or any associated rehabilitation works, in respect of which the person 
or persons to whom any such indebtedness is or may be owed by the relevant borrower (whether 
or not the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries) has or have no 
recourse whatsoever to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries 
for the repayment thereof other than:
(i)
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or net cash flow (other than historic cash 
flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or the business of owning, acquiring, 
constructing, developing, maintaining and/or operating such asset; and/or
(ii)
(A) recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of such 
indebtedness in an enforcement of any encumbrance given over such asset (and/or any 
other assets primarily used in the business of owning, acquiring, constructing, creating, 
developing, maintaining and/or operating such asset) or the income, cash flow or other 
proceeds deriving therefrom (or given over shares or the like in the capital of the borrower 
or owner of the asset or any Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)) to secure such 
indebtedness, provided that (aa) the extent of such recourse is limited solely to the 
amount of any recoveries made on any such enforcement and (bb) such person or persons 
is/are not entitled, by virtue of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such 
indebtedness, to commence proceedings for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Subsidiary 
described in paragraph (iv)) or to appoint or procure the appointment of any receiver, 
trustee or similar person or officer in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)) or 
any of its assets (save for the assets the subject of such encumbrance); and/or (B) recourse 
against the assets, income, cashflow, proceeds or shares or the like subject to an 
encumbrance referred to in this paragraph (ii); and/or
(iii)
recourse under any form of assurance, undertakings or support, which recourse is limited 
to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages and damages required to be 
calculated in a specified way) or under an indemnity for breach of an obligation or 
representation (not being a payment obligation or an obligation to procure payment by 
another or an indemnity in respect thereof or any obligation to comply or to procure 
compliance by another with any financial ratios or other tests of financial condition other 
than costs to complete tests or project completion tests) of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries; and/or
(iv)
recourse against (aa) any Subsidiary, or the assets of any Subsidiary, whose principal 
business comprises the ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, 
maintenance and/or operation of the asset concerned; or (bb) any Subsidiary, or the assets 
of any Subsidiary, whose principal business comprises the ownership or financing, directly 
or indirectly, of any Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)(aa); and/or
(v)
recourse under any guarantee and/or indemnity of such indebtedness or completion of 
construction or development of an asset, provided that in any such case the guarantee 
and/or indemnity is (to the extent not permitted by any of the foregoing paragraphs) 
released or discharged if completion of the relevant construction or development occurs 
on or prior to the agreed date for completion referred to in or in connection with the

--- Page 43 ---
43
guarantee and/or indemnity and no default under or in connection with such indebtedness, 
guarantee or indemnity or any agreement relating thereto is then subsisting;
(iv)
“Permitted Security Interest” means (a) any Security Interest created by either the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) or any Material Subsidiary upon real property, energy producing 
assets and/or ships in favour of one or more Danish mortgage institutions (realkreditinstitutter)
or other credit institutions (including, but not limited to, Danish Ship Finance (Danmarks 
Skibskredit)) in respect of Relevant Debt constituting indebtedness owed to such institutions, 
provided that the aggregate principal amount of the Relevant Debt in respect of which all such 
Security Interests shall have been created as shown on the then most recent annual audited 
consolidated accounts of the Group shall be equal to not more than 15 per cent. of the total 
consolidated assets of the Group, also as shown in the then most recent annual audited 
consolidated accounts of the Group or (b) any Security Interest over assets of a company which 
becomes a Subsidiary (as defined below) after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of Notes, but only if (i) the Security Interest (1) was in existence prior to the 
date of the company concerned becoming a Subsidiary and (2) was not created in contemplation 
of such company becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) the principal amount secured by the Security 
Interest as at the date the company became a Subsidiary is not subsequently increased;
(v)
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable 
of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market, but shall in any event not include any Non-Recourse Project Financing; and
(vi)
“Subsidiary” means a limited liability company covered by the term “dattervirksomhed” as 
defined in section 5(3) of the Danish Companies Act (Consolidated Act. No. 763 of 23 July 2019 
as amended) and for the avoidance of doubt, such term shall include any limited liability company 
incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Denmark.
5
Interest and other Calculations
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes:
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f).
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes:
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on
each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f) (and Condition 6, if applicable). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either 
shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are shown hereon, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 44 ---
44
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination and/or 
Linear Interpolation shall apply, depending upon which is specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating
Rate
Option”, “Designated
Maturity”, “Reset
Date” and “Swap
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,

--- Page 45 ---
45
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(London time in the case of CMS London or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR 
or CMS Brussels or Copenhagen time in the case of CIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations;
(y)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(l) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if subparagraph 
(x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is CMS 
London, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks or if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR or CMS Brussels, the principal Euro-zone office of 
each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the principal 
Danish office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate if the Reference Rate is CMS London, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London 
time), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR or CMS Brussels, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time), or if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Copenhagen time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be:
(1)
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR or CIBOR, the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference 
Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone 
interbank market or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the Copenhagen 
interbank market as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time)

--- Page 46 ---
46
or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Copenhagen time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Trustee and 
the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone interbank market or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the 
Copenhagen interbank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or
(2)
if the Reference Rate is CMS Brussels or CMS London, a rate determined 
on the basis of the mid-market annual swap rate, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion on the Interest Determination Date 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), if the Reference Rate is CMS 
London or, if the Reference Rate is CMS Brussels, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time). The mid-market annual swap rate as referred to in the 
preceding sentence means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction denominated in EUR with respect 
in CMS Brussels and GBP with respect to CMS London with a maturity 
equal to the Designated Maturity for in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant market commencing on the first day of 
the Interest Period with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to 6 months.
(C)
Benchmark discontinuation
(1)
Independent Adviser
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(2)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Conditions 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) and 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4), respectively). In making such determination, the Independent 
Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or 
fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C).

--- Page 47 ---
47
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1) prior to the date 
which is 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to 
the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and 
any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1).
(2)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser, determines that:
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C); or
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)). 
(3)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread.
(4)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), without any

--- Page 48 ---
48
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions
and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), the 
Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting 
any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not 
be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in 
these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the Calculation 
Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated 
under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or 
these Conditions.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(5)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer:
(i)
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C); and
(ii)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 49 ---
49
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled 
to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence 
thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying 
Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If 
the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction or is otherwise 
unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make 
such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) 
shall not incur any liability for not doing so.
(6)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1)
(2), (3) and (4), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred. 
(7)
Definitions:
As used in this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C):
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative 
or zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate);
(ii)
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if Independent Adviser 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied);
(iii)
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions

--- Page 50 ---
50
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(2) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4).
“Benchmark Event” means:
(1)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or
(2)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or
(3)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(4)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; 
or
(5)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be 
(or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative 
of its relevant underlying market; or 
(6)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as 
the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the 
relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For

--- Page 51 ---
51
the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying 
Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1).
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For 
the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying 
Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination.
(D)
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent, following consultation with 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 52 ---
52
(c)
Zero Coupon Notes:
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as described in Condition 7(b)(i)).
(d)
Accrual of Interest:
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 9).
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding:
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the countries of such currency.
(f)
Calculations:
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, 
and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount is applicable to 
such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for 
the period for which interest is required to be calculated.

--- Page 53 ---
53
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts:
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount (each, a “Redemption 
Amount”), obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the relevant Redemption Amount(s) to be notified 
to the Trustee, the Issuer, the Guarantor, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and 
payable under Condition 11, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee 
otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(h)
Definitions:
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a “TARGET Business
Day”) and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres.
“CIBOR” means, in respect of any currency and any period specified hereon, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor (currently Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S) in accordance with the requirements from time to time

--- Page 54 ---
54
of Finance Denmark based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of 
designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks.
“CMS Brussels” or “CMS London” means a rate for the Designated Maturity determined in accordance 
with the Floating Rate Option for each relevant Reset Date, each as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and having the meanings given to them in the ISDA Definitions.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365)
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365
(iii)
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360
(iv)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y −Y)] + [30 x (MM)] + D −D)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30
(v)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y −Y)] + [30 x (MM)] + D −D)
360
where:

--- Page 55 ---
55
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30
(vi)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y −Y)] + [30 x (MM)] + D −D)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30
(vii)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified hereon,
(a)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and
(b)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and

--- Page 56 ---
56
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, 
the Interest Payment Date.
“Directive” means a directive of the European Union.
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any currency and any period specified hereon, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro-zone interbank offered rate.
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date.
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as 
being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest 
Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period.
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon.
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date, unless otherwise specified hereon.
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and in respect of the Notes, as amended and supplemented up to and 
including the Issue Date for the first Tranche of the Notes, unless otherwise specified hereon.

--- Page 57 ---
57
“Minimum Percentage” means the percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount of that 
particular Series of Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Notes which have been 
consolidated and form a single Series therewith) specified as such hereon. “Rate of Interest” means the 
rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either specified or calculated 
in accordance with the provisions hereon.
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of CMS London, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London interbank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or 
CMS Brussels, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market 
and, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, the principal Danish office of four major banks in the 
Copenhagen interbank market in each case selected by the Issuer.
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon, and includes any successor to such rate.
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon. In the event that any Relevant Screen Page stops 
providing quotations for a Reference Rate, then such other page, section, caption, column or other part 
as may replace the same on that information service or on such other information service, in each case 
as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the relevant Reference Rate 
for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or prices will be used. If there is more than one service 
displaying the Reference Rate, the one approved in writing by the Issuer will be used.
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated.
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto.
(i)
Calculation Agent:
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references 
in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing 
its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such 
or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor shall (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading 
bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any 
other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.
6
Indexation
This Condition 6 is applicable only if the applicable Final Terms specifies the Notes as Inflation Linked Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
58
(a)
Indexation of Principal:
Unless otherwise specified hereon, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount and 
the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the Inflation Linked Notes shall be the nominal amount 
of the Inflation Linked Notes multiplied by the Index Ratio applicable to the date on which the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount (as the case may be) 
becomes payable (as determined in accordance with Condition 6(f)), provided that:
(i)
if a Minimum Final Redemption Amount, Minimum Early Redemption Amount and/or Minimum 
Optional Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms and such amount is 
greater than the amount of principal in respect of the Notes determined in accordance with this 
Condition 6(a) (expressed on a per Calculation Amount basis), the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount and/or Optional Redemption Amount (as applicable) shall be, 
respectively, the Minimum Final Redemption Amount, Minimum Early Redemption Amount 
and/or Minimum Optional Redemption Amount (as applicable) so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and/or
(ii)
if a Maximum Final Redemption Amount, Maximum Early Redemption Amount and/or 
Maximum Optional Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms and such 
amount is less than the amount of principal in respect of the Notes determined in accordance with 
this Condition 6(a) (expressed on a per Calculation Amount basis), the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount and/or Optional Redemption Amount (as applicable) shall 
be, respectively, the Maximum Final Redemption Amount, Maximum Early Redemption Amount 
or Maximum Optional Redemption Amount (as applicable) so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;
and the Calculation Agent will calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount and 
Optional Redemption Amount (as the case may be) as set out in Condition 5(g).
(b)
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index:
(i)
Change in Base:
If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed by the substitution of a new base for it, 
then with effect from (and including) the month in respect of which such substitution takes effect:
(A)
the definition of Index and Index Figure in Condition 6(f) shall be deemed to refer to the 
month and/or year (as applicable) in substitution for January 1987 (where RPI is specified 
as the Index in the relevant Final Terms) or 2015 (where CPI is specified as the Index in 
the relevant Final Terms) (or, as the case may be, for such other date or month as may 
have been substituted for it); and
(B)
the definition of Base Index Figure in Condition 6(f) shall be amended to mean the product 
of the then existing Base Index Figure and the Index Figure immediately following such 
substitution, divided by the Index immediately prior to such substitution.
(ii)
Delay in publication of the Index:
If in relation to a particular Interest Accrual Period or to the redemption of all or some only of 
the Notes and otherwise than in circumstances which the Issuer certifies to the Trustee may fall 
with Condition 6(d) or Condition 7(d) (notwithstanding that the Issuer may subsequently be 
advised that they do not fall within Condition 6(d) or Condition 7(d)), the Index Figure relating 
to any month (the “calculation month”) which is required to be taken into account for the

--- Page 59 ---
59
purposes of the determination of the Index Figure applicable to any date is not published on or 
before the fourteenth day before the date on which such payment is due (the “date for payment”), 
the Index Figure for the relevant calculation month shall be:
(A)
the substitute index figure (if any) as is published by the Bank of England or the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office (or such other United Kingdom authority as may be 
appropriate) for the purposes of indexation or payments on the Reference Gilt or the 
Indexed Benchmark Gilt (as applicable) or, failing such publication, on any one or more 
of HM Government’s index-linked stocks that is indexed to the same Index as the Notes, 
as determined by the Expert; or
(B)
if no such determination is made by the Expert within seven days, the Index Figure last 
published before the date for payment.
(c)
Application of Changes:
Where the provisions of Condition 6(b)(ii) apply, the Issuer shall deliver to the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and Calculation Agent a certificate, acting on the sole advice of the Expert, as to the Index Figure 
applicable to the date for payment which shall be conclusive and binding. If a substitute index is 
published as specified in Condition 6(b)(ii)(A) above, a determination made based on that Index shall 
be final and no further payment by way of adjustment shall be made, notwithstanding that the Index 
Figure applicable to the date for payment may subsequently be published.
If no substitute index is so published and the index relating to the date for payment is subsequently 
published then:
(i)
in the case of an Inflation Linked Note not falling due for redemption on the date for payment of 
interest or principal (as the case may be), if the index so subsequently published (if published 
when such Note remains outstanding) is greater or less than the Index applicable by virtue of 
Condition 6(b)(ii)(B), the interest payable on that Note on the Interest Payment Date next 
succeeding the date of such subsequent publication shall be increased or reduced to reflect the 
amount by which the interest or principal (as the case may be) next payable on that Note on the 
date for payment on the basis of the index applicable by virtue of the preceding paragraph fell 
short of, or (as the case may be) exceeded the interest or principal (as the case may be) which 
would have been payable on that Note if the Index subsequently published had been published 
on or before the fourteenth business day before the date for payment; or
(ii)
in the case of any Note falling due for final redemption on the date of payment, no subsequent 
adjustment to amounts paid will be made.
(d)
Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index:
If the Index ceases to be published or any changes are made to it which, in the opinion of the Expert, 
constitute a fundamental change in the rules governing the Index and the change would, in the opinion 
of the Expert, be detrimental to the interests of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Noteholders and if, within 
30 days after its appointment (or such longer period as the Trustee may in its sole discretion agree), the 
Expert recommends for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes one or more adjustments to the Index 
or substitute index (with or without adjustments), then provided that such adjustments or substitute index 
(as the case may be) are not materially detrimental (in the opinion of the Expert) to the interests of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Noteholders, as compared to the interests of the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Noteholders (as the case may be) as they would have been had the Index continued to be published 
or such fundamental change in the rules governing the Index had not been made, the Index shall be

--- Page 60 ---
60
adjusted as so recommended or (as the case may be) shall be replaced by the substitute index so 
recommended (as so adjusted, if so recommended) and references in these Conditions to the Index shall 
be construed accordingly and the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders of the adjustments to the Index or 
the introduction of the substitute index (with or without adjustments) in accordance with Condition 16.
If any payment in respect of the Inflation Linked Notes is due to be made after the cessation or changes 
referred to in the preceding paragraph but before any such adjustment to, or replacement of, the Index 
takes effect, the Issuer or, if the Upstream Guarantee in the case of such Notes were called, the Guarantor 
shall (if the Index Figure applicable (or deemed applicable) to the date of payment is not available in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(f)) make a provisional payment on the basis that the Index 
Figure applicable to the date for payment is the Index last published. In that event or in the event of any 
payment on the Inflation Linked Notes having been made on the basis of an index deemed applicable 
under Condition 6(b)(ii)(A) above (also referred to below as a “provisional payment”) the Expert 
subsequently determines that the relevant circumstances fall within this Condition 6(d), then:
(i)
except in the case of a payment on redemption of the Inflation Linked Notes, if the sum which 
would have been payable if such adjustments or such substitute index had been in effect on the 
due date for such provisional payment is greater or less than the amount of such provisional 
payment, the interest payable on the Inflation Linked Notes on the Interest Payment Date next 
succeeding the date on which the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee receive such 
recommendation shall be increased or reduced to reflect the amount by which such provisional 
payment of interest fell short or, (as the case may be) exceeded, the interest which would have 
been payable on the Notes if such adjustments or such substituted index had been in effect on 
that date; or
(ii)
in the case of a payment of principal or interest on redemption of the Notes, no subsequent 
adjustment to amounts paid will be made.
(e)
Trustee Action and/or Steps:
The Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no cessation of or change to the Index has occurred until 
notified otherwise by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and it will not be responsible for identifying or 
appointing an Expert. The Trustee may rely absolutely on any determination made or advice given by 
the Expert without need for further investigation.
(f)
Definitions:
In these Conditions:
“Base Index Figure” means (subject to Condition 6(b)) the base index figure as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
“Calculation Date” means any date when an Interest Amount or principal amount, as the case may be, 
falls due;
“CPI” means the U.K. Consumer Price Index (for all items) published by the Office for National 
Statistics (2015 = 100), or any comparable index which may replace such index for the purpose of 
calculating the amount payable on repayment of the Indexed Benchmark Gilt (if any);
“Expert” means a gilt-edged market maker, an independent investment bank or other expert in London 
appointed by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor ;
“Index” or “Index Figure” means, subject as provided in Conditions 6(b), 6(d) and 7(d), either RPI or 
CPI as specified in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 61 ---
61
(i)
Where RPI is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, any reference to the “Index 
Figure applicable” to a particular Calculation Date shall, subject as provided in Conditions 6(b), 
6(d) and 7(d), and if “3 months lag” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:
RPI"#$ +
(Day of Calculation Date −1)
(Days in month of Calculation Date) x (RPI"# −RPI"#$)
and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded upwards) and where:
“RPIm-3” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month that is three months prior to the 
month in which the payment falls due; and
“RPIm-2” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month that is two months prior to the 
month in which the payment falls due;
(ii)
Where RPI is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, any reference to the “Index 
Figure applicable” to a particular Calculation Date shall, subject as provided in Conditions 6(b), 
6(d) and 7(d), and if “8 months lag” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, mean the Index 
Figure for the first day of the month that is eight months prior to the month in which the payment 
falls due;
(iii)
Where CPI is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, any reference to the “Index 
Figure applicable” to a particular Calculation Date shall, subject as provided in Conditions 6(b), 
6(d) and 7(d), be calculated in accordance with the following formula:
CPI"#, +
(Day of Calculation Date −1)
(Days in month of Calculation Date) x -CPI"#(,.) −RPI"#,/
and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded upwards) and where:
“CPIm-t” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month that is “t” months prior to the 
month in which the payment falls due, where the lag period “t” has a value of 2 to 24 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;
“Indexed Benchmark Gilt” means the index-linked sterling obligation of the United Kingdom 
Government listed on the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority (in its capacity as competent 
authority under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended) and traded on the London 
Stock Exchange that is indexed to the same Index as the Notes and whose average maturity most closely 
matches that of the Notes as the Expert shall determine to be appropriate;
“Index Ratio” applicable to any Calculation Date means the Index Figure applicable to such month or 
date divided by the Base Index Figure and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded 
upwards);
“Reference Gilt” means the Treasury Stock specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such stock is 
not in existence, such other index-linked stock issued by or on behalf of HM Government as the Issuer, 
on the advice of the Expert, may consider to be the most appropriate reference government stock for the 
Inflation Linked Notes); and
“RPI” means the U.K. Retail Price Index (for all items) published by the Office for National Statistics 
(January 1987 = 100) as published by HM Government.

--- Page 62 ---
62
7
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption:
(i)
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 7, each Note 
that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts (other than an Inflation Linked Note) 
shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified 
hereon. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment 
Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal 
amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment 
Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, 
such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount.
(ii)
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note (other than 
an Inflation Linked Note) shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its 
Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal amount) or, 
in the case of a Note falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount.
(b)
Early Redemption:
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes:
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 11, shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided 
below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually (the “Amortised Face Amount”).
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 7(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
11 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before 
and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
(ii)
Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 7(c) or Condition 7(d) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 11, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon.

--- Page 63 ---
63
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons:
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(b) above) (together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under Condition 9 as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Denmark or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, and 
(ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) taking 
reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes or the Upstream 
Guarantee as the case may be, then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to 
this paragraph, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) stating that the obligation 
referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) taking 
reasonable measures available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in (ii) above in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on Noteholders and Couponholders.
(d)
Redemption for Index Reasons:
In the case of Inflation Linked Notes, if Redemption for Index Reasons is specified hereon and where:
(i)
the Index ceases to be published or any changes are made to it which, in the opinion of an Expert, 
constitute a fundamental change in the rules governing the Index and the change would, in the 
opinion of the Expert, be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders and if the Expert fails 
within 30 days after its appointment (or such longer period as the Trustee may in its sole discretion 
agree), or states to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee that it is unable, to recommend for 
the purposes of the Notes any adjustments to the Index or any substitute index (with or without 
adjustments), as described in Condition 6(d), the Issuer shall, within 14 days of the expiry of such 
period or (as the case may be) after the date of such statement, give notice (which shall be 
irrevocable and shall state the date fixed for redemption which shall not be more than 15 days 
after the date on which the notice is given) to redeem the Notes then outstanding, at a price equal 
to their nominal amount multiplied by the Index Ratio applicable to the date on which the date 
fixed for redemption falls, together with accrued interest; or
(ii)
the Index ceases to be published or any changes are made to it which, in the opinion of an Expert, 
constitute a fundamental change in the rules governing the Index and the change would, in the 
opinion of the Expert, be detrimental to the interests of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) and if the Expert fails within 30 days after its appointment (or such longer period as the 
Trustee may in its sole discretion agree), or states to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee that 
it is unable, to recommend for the purposes of the Notes any adjustments to the Index or any 
substitute index (with or without adjustments), as described in Condition 6(d), the Issuer may at 
its option, within 14 days of the expiry of such period or (as the case may be) after the date of

--- Page 64 ---
64
such statement, give notice (which shall be irrevocable and shall state the date fixed for 
redemption which shall not be more than 15 days after the date on which the notice is given) to 
redeem the Notes then outstanding, at a price equal to their nominal amount multiplied by the 
Index Ratio applicable to the date on which the date fixed for redemption falls, together with 
accrued interest,
provided that no change as set out in Condition 7(d)(i) shall constitute a fundamental change in the 
rules governing the Index which would be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders unless (i) the 
Fundamental Change Reference Bond specified hereon contains similar terms allowing redemption on 
a fundamental change to the relevant index and (ii) a notice has been published offering holders of the 
Fundamental Change Reference Bond the right to redeem such Fundamental Change Reference Bonds 
in accordance with their terms.
(e)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer:
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem 
all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), 
redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes at any time or from time to time (i) where no particular 
period during which Make-Whole Redemption is applicable is specified, prior to their Maturity Date, or 
(ii) where Make-Whole Redemption is specified as only being applicable for a certain period, during 
such period, in each case on the date for redemption specified in such notice (the “Make-Whole 
Redemption Date”) at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate.
In the case of Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes where CPI is specified as the Index in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Financial Advisor and will 
be the greater of:
(i)
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed (where applicable, adjusted for 
indexation in accordance with Condition 6); and
(ii)
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
on such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an 
annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin, if 
any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes 
to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date.
In the case of Inflation Linked Notes where CPI is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms:
(i)
unless the Financial Advisor advises the Issuer and the Guarantor that an appropriate CPI Gilt is 
outstanding which would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice at such time, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities with a similar 
remaining weighted average life to the Notes, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be 
calculated by the Financial Advisor and will be the greater of:

--- Page 65 ---
65
a.
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed (adjusted for indexation in 
accordance with Condition 6); and
b.
the RPI Adjusted Redemption Amount; or
(ii)
if the Financial Advisor advises the Issuer and the Guarantor that an appropriate CPI Gilt is 
outstanding (the “Redemption Reference CPI Gilt”) which would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice at such time, in pricing new issues 
of corporate debt securities with a similar remaining weighted average life to the Notes, the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Financial Advisor and will be the greater 
of:
a.
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed (adjusted for indexation in 
accordance with Condition 6) and
b.
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, 
the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the CPI Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus the 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, plus, in 
each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice of redemption is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers 
of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered 
Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn 
in such place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements.
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e):
“CPI Gilt” means a sterling obligation of the UK government listed on the Official List of the Financial 
Conduct Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange which is linked to the CPI;
“CPI Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make-
Whole Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Redemption Reference CPI Gilt prevailing at 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the Yield Calculation 
Date or on such dealing day as determined by the Issuer and quoted in writing to the Guarantor, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and the Trustee by the Reference Dealers;
“Financial Advisor” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent advisor of recognised standing with appropriate expertise selected by the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor after notification of such selection to the Trustee;
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Make-Whole Reference Bond specified hereon or, if the Make-Whole Reference Bond is no longer 
outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgment of the Reference Dealers, prevailing at 11.00 
a.m. (London time) on the Yield Calculation Date or on such dealing day as determined by the Issuer 
and quoted in writing to the Guarantor, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Trustee by the Reference 
Dealers;

--- Page 66 ---
66
“Make-Whole Reference Bond” means the Make-Whole Reference Bond specified hereon;
“Notional RPI Bond” means a bond issued by the Issuer, the terms of which are the same as those of 
the Notes to be redeemed, save only that payments of principal and interest are adjusted for indexation 
by reference to RPI (rather than CPI);
“Real Yield” means a yield, expressed as a percentage, calculated by the Financial Advisor on the basis 
set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields” page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae (Index-Linked Gilts) (published on 8 
June, 1998 and updated on 15 January, 2002 and 16 March, 2005) (as updated, amended or supplemented 
from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded 
up (if necessary) to five decimal places). Such method requires the adoption of an assumed inflation rate 
which shall be such rate as the Financial Advisor may determine and notify to the Trustee and the Issuing
and Paying Agent to be appropriate and, for the avoidance of doubt, the assumed inflation rate shall be 
a long-term UK inflation rate for the remaining life of the Notes. If such formula does not reflect 
generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time, all as advised to the Issuer and the Guarantor by the 
Financial Advisor;
“Redemption Reference RPI Gilt” means such RPI Gilt as the Financial Advisor determines would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice at such time, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity and amortisation profile to the 
remaining term of the Notes (or, where the Financial Advisor advises the Issuer and the Guarantor that, 
for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, such stock is not appropriate for such purpose, such other 
government stock as the Financial Advisor may recommend as appropriate for this purpose;
“Reference Dealers” means five brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers selected by the Issuer 
in consultation with the Guarantor, or such other five persons operating in the gilt-edged market as are 
selected by the Issuer in consultation with the Guarantor;
“RPI Adjusted Redemption Amount” is an amount equal to the sum of:
(i)
the product (adjusted for indexation in accordance with Condition 6) of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes to be redeemed and the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to five 
decimal places, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), (as reported in writing to the Issuer and 
the Guarantor by the Financial Advisor) at which the Real Yield on the Notes on the Yield 
Calculation Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Real Yield at 11.00 a.m. (London time) on such 
date of the Redemption Reference RPI Gilt (or, where the Financial Advisor determines in good 
faith and advises to the Issuer and the Guarantor that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, such 
stock is not appropriate for such purpose, such other government stock as advised to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor by the Financial Advisor) and (y) 0.1 per cent.; and
(ii)
the Wedge Value (which may be positive or negative and, if negative, the absolute value shall be 
deducted for the purpose of calculating the RPI Adjusted Redemption Amount);
“RPI Gilt” means a sterling obligation of the UK government listed on the Official List of the Financial 
Conduct Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange which is linked to the RPI;
“Wedge Value” means the market value to a market counterparty on the Yield Calculation Date (based 
on three (or such lower number as the Issuer and the Financial Advisor may agree as appropriate) third 
party quotes) of a notional swap (where the parties are deemed to have a bilateral, daily, zero-threshold, 
no initial amount, ISDA Credit Support Annex) under which the market counterparty:

--- Page 67 ---
67
(i)
receives the remaining cashflows of the Notes; and
(ii)
pays the remaining cashflows of the Notional RPI Bond,
and where, in providing such quotes, such third parties are asked to use discount factors calculated from 
the zero coupon curve derived from the interest rate used to calculate payments on GBP cash collateral, 
provided that, if the Financial Advisor determines and advises the Issuer and the Guarantor that it is not 
reasonably practicable to determine the Wedge Value on such basis (including, without limitation, 
because it is not reasonably practicable to obtain third party quotes) the Wedge Value shall be determined 
by the Financial Advisor and advised to the Issuer and the Guarantor ; and
“Yield Calculation Date” means the date which is the second Business Day prior to the date on which 
the notice to redeem is dispatched; and
in the case of Inflation Linked Notes only, the “then present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Notes” shall be calculated in accordance with the 
customary conventions applied to the calculation of such amounts in the inflation linked debt 
transactions from time to time.
(f)
Clean-up Call Option of the Issuer:
If Clean-up Call Option is specified hereon, in the event that Notes representing an aggregate amount 
equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled by the 
Issuer, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem on the date specified in 
such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.
(g)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders:
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the 
holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption.
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at 
its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the 
form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the 
notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as 
provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(h)
Purchases:
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their respective subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price.
(i)
Cancellation:
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries 
may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note

--- Page 68 ---
68
together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to 
the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, 
be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall 
be discharged.
8
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Notes:
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment 
Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for 
payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the 
case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Condition 8(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer 
to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 
System.
(b)
Registered Notes:
(i)
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 8(b) shall include final Instalment 
Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer 
Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 8(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts other 
than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the 
“Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant 
currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint 
holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment 
of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the 
payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States:
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer and the Guarantor shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer or the Guarantor.

--- Page 69 ---
69
(d)
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws:
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, and (ii) notwithstanding the provisions of 
Condition 9, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents:
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation 
Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor each reserves the right at any time with the approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent 
or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, 
provided that the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, 
(ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require and (v) such other agents as may be 
required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in each case, as approved by the 
Trustee.
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall each forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City 
in respect of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons:
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, such Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 10).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 70 ---
70
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon.
(iv)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.
(v)
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(vi)
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons:
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 10).
(h)
Non-Business Days:
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect 
of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
9
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) in 
respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons or under the Upstream Guarantee (as the case may be) shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the 
Kingdom of Denmark or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would

--- Page 71 ---
71
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:
(a)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with the Kingdom of Denmark other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; or
(b)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for 
payment on the thirtieth day.
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or 
relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, 
Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment 
or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given 
in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed.
10
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (as the case may be) for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect of them.
11
Events of Default
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its discretion may, 
and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor that the Notes are, 
and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together (if applicable) 
with accrued interest:
(a)
Non-Payment: the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) fails to pay any interest on, or any 
principal or premium in respect of, the Notes and such failure continues for a period of 14 days in respect 
of principal or interest; or
(b)
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor fails in any material respect to perform or 
comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the Notes or the Trust Deed which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the 
Trustee remedied within 30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such 
default shall have been given to the Issuer and the Guarantor by the Trustee; or

--- Page 72 ---
72
(c)
Cross-Default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 4) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or 
raised becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity by 
reason of any event of default (howsoever described), or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due 
or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, or (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present 
or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised unless any such right 
of acceleration or obligation referred to in this paragraph (c) (i), (ii) or (iii) is contested by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in good faith by 
appropriate and adequate provisions having been made and further provided that the aggregate amount 
of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or exceeds €25,000,000 or its equivalent (as 
reasonably determined by the Trustee); or
(d)
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or 
sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or
(e)
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created 
or assumed by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries becomes 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of 
a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator manager or other similar person) and, in any case, the 
value of the claim secured by any such mortgage, charge, lien or other encumbrance is equal to or 
exceeds (or if added to the value of any other claim falling to be taken into account under this paragraph 
(e) would equal or exceed) €25,000,000 or its equivalent (as reasonably determined by the Trustee); or
(f)
Insolvency: the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries is (or is, or could 
be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, 
proposes or makes any agreement for the deferral, rescheduling or other readjustment of all of (or all of 
a particular type of) its debts (or of any part which it will or might otherwise be unable to pay when due), 
proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into 
effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries; or
(g)
Winding-up: an administrator is appointed, an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise 
vested in the Issuer, the Guarantor, or another of their respective Material Subsidiaries; or
(h)
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs; or
(i)
Guarantee: the Upstream Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and 
effect,

--- Page 73 ---
73
provided that in the case of paragraphs (b), (d), (e) and (h) and, in relation to Material Subsidiaries only, 
(f) and (g), the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders.
12
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders:
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting 
may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the 
business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of 
maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or 
any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect 
of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the 
basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount, (v) to vary 
any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
or the Optional Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination 
of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution in which case the necessary 
quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any 
adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not 
they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders.
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to such Series.
(b)
Modification of the Trust Deed:
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification 
of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that in its opinion is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust 
Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders 
as soon as practicable.
(c)
Substitution:
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the consent of the

--- Page 74 ---
74
Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of certain other entities (a) in place of the Issuer, 
its successor in business or of any previously substituted company as principal debtor under the Trust 
Deed and the Notes (the “Substituted Debtor”) or (b) in place of the Guarantor, its successor in business 
or of any previously substituted company, as guarantor under the Trust Deed and the Notes (the 
“Substituted Guarantor”) provided that (i) in the case of a substitution of the Issuer (unless the 
Issuer’s successor in business is the Substituted Debtor), the obligations of the Substituted Debtor under 
the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are guaranteed by the Issuer to the Trustee’s 
satisfaction and such other conditions as the Trustee may require; (ii) in the case of a substitution of the 
Guarantor (unless the Guarantor’s successor in business is the Substituted Guarantor), such Substituted 
Guarantor is a Subsidiary of Ørsted whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of Ørsted, 
which shall be certified in writing by two directors of the Substituted Guarantor to the Trustee, which 
certificate shall be conclusive and binding; and (iii) in either of the foregoing cases, no payment in 
respect of the Notes or the Coupons or Talons relating to them is at the relevant time overdue. In the case 
of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and/or 
the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(d)
Entitlement of the Trustee:
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer or the Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders.
13
Enforcement
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce the terms 
of the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, but it need not take any such proceedings unless 
(a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders 
holding at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified to 
its satisfaction. No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and 
such failure is continuing.
14
Indemnification of the Trustee
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility. 
The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor and any entity related 
to the Issuer or the Guarantor without accounting for any profit.
15
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at 
the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons)

--- Page 75 ---
75
and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may 
be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is 
given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) 
and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
16
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single 
series with outstanding securities of any Series. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the 
context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series 
with the Notes.
17
Notices
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being 
a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading on an exchange, notices required to be given to the holders of such Notes pursuant to the Conditions 
shall also be published (if such publication is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading. In the case 
of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices required to be given to the holders of the Notes 
pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the
Luxemburger Wort). If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be 
validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
18
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 76 ---
76
19
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law:
The Trust Deed, the Upstream Guarantee, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons, and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law.
(b)
Jurisdiction:
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought 
in such courts. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the 
jurisdiction of such courts.
(c)
Service of Process:
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has in the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed an agent in England to 
receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 77 ---
77
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NTD NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the relevant Pricing Supplement, shall be applicable to each Series of the Notes. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. References in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not 
to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are constituted (i) by an amended and restated trust deed dated 22 February 2022 between Ørsted 
A/S (“Ørsted”), Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S (“Ørsted Wind”) and Citicorp Trustee Company 
Limited as trustee (the “Trustee”) (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended 
and Restated Trust Deed”), as supplemented by a supplemental trust deed dated 22 February 2022 between 
Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, Citicorp Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the “Trustee”) and CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. 
(the “Taiwanese Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the Taiwanese trustee 
or Taiwanese trustees under the Supplemental Trust Deed) as Taiwanese trustee for the Noteholders (as defined 
below) (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of any Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Supplemental
Trust Deed” and, together with the Amended and Restated Trust Deed, the “Trust Deed”) and (ii) by 
registration in the book-entry system of the Taiwanese Depository & Clearing Corporation (the “TDCC”). In 
these Terms and Conditions, “Relevant Issuer” means, in relation to any Tranche, either Ørsted or Ørsted Wind, 
as the Issuer which has concluded an agreement with the Relevant Dealer(s) to issue, or which has issued, the 
Notes of that Tranche; and “Relevant Guarantor” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes issued by Ørsted, 
Ørsted Wind, and in relation to any Tranche of Notes issued by Ørsted Wind, Ørsted. These terms and conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. A supplemental agency 
agreement dated 4 November 2019 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuers, the 
Trustee, Citibank, N.A. as initial issuing and paying agent, CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Taiwanese Paying 
Agent”) and the other agents named in it, which is supplemental to the amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 30 October 2020 between the Issuers, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A. as initial issuing and paying agent and 
the other agents named in it (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and 
Restated Agency Agreement”) (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of any Notes, the 
“Supplemental Agency Agreement” and, together with the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement, the 
“Agency Agreement”). The calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below as the 
“Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection 
during usual business hours at the principal office of the Taiwanese Trustee (presently at No. 168, Jingmao 2nd
Road, Nangang Dist., Taipei, Taiwan (R.O.C.)) and at the specified offices of the Taiwanese Paying Agent.
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects.
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in dematerialised, book-entry form and registered by the TDCC.
Each person shown in the register kept by the TDCC (the “Register”) as having an interest in the Notes shall 
be considered the holder of the principal amount of Notes recorded. The Notes held by such person will be held 
via a securities account opened with a Taiwanese securities broker, who is a participant of the TDCC.
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or Instalment Notes, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
The Notes are denominated in the New Taiwan Dollar, the lawful currency of Taiwan (the Republic of China).

--- Page 78 ---
78
Title to the Notes shall pass by registration in the Register. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust 
or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” and (in relation to a Note) “holder” means the person in whose name a Note 
is registered in the Register and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein, the absence of any 
such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes.
(a)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of the Notes:
In the case of an exercise of a Relevant Issuer’s option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, any 
Notes, the Relevant Issuer shall prior to the Optional Redemption Date, notify the TDCC of the exercise 
of such option or a partial redemption. The exercise of such option or a partial redemption will be 
reflected in the Register by the TDCC.
(b)
Transfer of the Notes
In the case of a transfer of any Note made for the sale of such Note, a Noteholder who is the transferor 
of the relevant Note (if the transferor itself is a participant of the TDCC) or the Taiwanese securities 
broker who is a participant of the TDCC and via which the transferor holds the relevant Note, shall notify 
the TDCC of such transfer. The TDCC will transfer such Note to the account of the transferee (if the 
transferee itself is a participant of the TDCC) or the account of the Taiwanese securities broker who is a 
participant of the TDCC and via which the transferee holds the relevant Note. The TDCC will reflect the 
transfer of the relevant Note in the Register maintained by the TDCC.
(c)
Exchange Free of Charge:
The transfer of Notes on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or partial redemption shall be 
effected without charge by or on behalf of the Relevant Issuer but upon payment by the applicant of any 
tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it.
(d)
Closed Periods:
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which 
Notes may be called for redemption by the Relevant Issuer at its option pursuant to Conditions 5(d), (iii) 
after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on 
(and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 6(a)(ii)).
2
Guarantee and Status
(a)
Guarantee
Ørsted has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed to be 
payable by Ørsted Wind under the Trust Deed and the Notes. Its obligations in that respect (the 
“Downstream Guarantee”) are contained in the Trust Deed. The obligations of Ørsted under the 
Downstream Guarantee, shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation 
and subject to Condition 3, at all times rank at least equally with all its other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations, present and future.
Ørsted Wind has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed to 
be payable by Ørsted under the Trust Deed and the Notes. Its obligations in that respect (the “Upstream
Guarantee”) are contained in the Trust Deed. The obligations of Ørsted Wind under the Upstream

--- Page 79 ---
79
Guarantee, shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to 
Condition 3, at all times rank at least equally with all its other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations, present and future.
(b)
Status
The Notes constitute (subject to Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Relevant Issuer and shall at 
all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the 
Relevant Issuer under the Notes shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation and subject to Condition 3, at all times rank at least equally with all its other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Relevant Issuer, present and future.
3
Negative Pledge
(a)
Restriction:
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) neither the Relevant Issuer nor 
the Relevant Guarantor will, and the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor will each ensure that 
none of their respective Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) will create, or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) other than a 
Permitted Security Interest (as defined below), upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled share capital) to secure any (A) Relevant Debt, 
or (B) payment under any guarantee or indemnity granted by the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant 
Guarantor or any such Material Subsidiary in respect of any Relevant Debt without at the same time or 
prior thereto according to the Notes and the Relevant Issuer’s and the Relevant Guarantor’s obligations 
under the Trust Deed, equal and rateable security to that which is created or subsisting to secure any 
such Relevant Debt, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as the Taiwanese Trustee in its 
absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or as shall be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders.
(b)
Definitions:
For the purposes of these Conditions:
(i)
“Group” means together Ørsted, Ørsted Wind and Subsidiaries of each of Ørsted and Ørsted 
Wind whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of Ørsted;
(ii)
“Material Subsidiary” at any time means (A) Ørsted Wind and (B) any member of the Group 
(not being a Subsidiary falling within sub-paragraph (iv) of the definition of Non-Recourse 
Project Financing and whose only indebtedness for borrowed money is Non-Recourse Project 
Financing):
(i)
which was a Subsidiary of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may 
be) at the date to which the then latest audited consolidated annual financial statements of 
the Group (the “Accounts”) were made up and whose total revenue and/or gross assets 
(in each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) at the 
time of its latest financial statements (consolidated where applicable) exceeded 10 per 
cent. of the consolidated total revenue and/or gross assets of the Group at such date, as 
determined by reference to such Accounts;
(ii)
which has been a Subsidiary of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case 
may be) for more than 180 days and which became a Subsidiary of the Relevant Issuer or

--- Page 80 ---
80
the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) subsequent to the date of the then latest 
Accounts and whose total revenue and/or gross assets (in each case consolidated in the 
case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) would, as at the balance sheet date of 
the then latest Accounts on the basis that such Subsidiary was a Subsidiary on such balance 
sheet date, exceed 10 per cent. of the consolidated total revenue and/or gross assets of the 
Group as would be determined by reference to such consolidated financial statements; or
(iii)
any Subsidiary of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) 
which, although not a Material Subsidiary at the date of the then latest Accounts, 
subsequently acquires or develops assets and/or generates revenues which would, when 
aggregated with its existing assets and/or revenues (in each case consolidated in the case 
of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries), constitute 10 per cent. or more of the 
consolidated total revenue and/or gross assets of the Group if at the balance sheet date of 
the then latest Accounts, those Accounts and the latest financial statements of the relevant 
Subsidiary (consolidated where applicable) had been prepared on the basis that such assets 
had already been acquired or developed or such revenues had already been generated,
provided that if any Material Subsidiary shall at any relevant time cease to have revenue and/or 
gross assets (in each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
which constitute more than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total revenues and/or gross assets of 
the Group if consolidated financial statements of the Group were prepared at that time, it shall at 
that time cease to be a Material Subsidiary, until such time as its revenues and/or gross assets (in 
each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) subsequently 
exceed 10 per cent. of the consolidated total revenues and/or gross assets of the Group at any 
relevant time. A certificate of two Directors of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as 
the case may be) that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary is or is not, or was or was not, at any particular 
time or during any particular period, a Material Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Taiwanese 
Trustee and, if so relied upon, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
on all concerned;
(iii)
“Non-Recourse Project Financing” means any present or future indebtedness incurred to 
finance the ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, maintenance and/or 
operation of an asset (whether or not an asset of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor 
(as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries), or any associated rehabilitation works, in respect 
of which the person or persons to whom any such indebtedness is or may be owed by the relevant 
borrower (whether or not the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or 
any of its Subsidiaries) has or have no recourse whatsoever to the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant 
Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries for the repayment thereof other than:
(i)
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or net cash flow (other than historic cash 
flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or the business of owning, acquiring, 
constructing, developing, maintaining and/or operating such asset; and/or
(ii)
(A) recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of such 
indebtedness in an enforcement of any encumbrance given over such asset (and/or any 
other assets primarily used in the business of owning, acquiring, constructing, creating, 
developing, maintaining and/or operating such asset) or the income, cash flow or other 
proceeds deriving therefrom (or given over shares or the like in the capital of the borrower 
or owner of the asset or any Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)) to secure such 
indebtedness, provided that (aa) the extent of such recourse is limited solely to the 
amount of any recoveries made on any such enforcement and (bb) such person or persons

--- Page 81 ---
81
is/are not entitled, by virtue of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such 
indebtedness, to commence proceedings for the winding up or dissolution of the Relevant 
Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries (other than 
a Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)) or to appoint or procure the appointment of any 
receiver, trustee or similar person or officer in respect of the Relevant Issuer or the 
Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Subsidiary 
described in paragraph (iv)) or any of its assets (save for the assets the subject of such 
encumbrance); and/or (B) recourse against the assets, income, cashflow, proceeds or 
shares or the like subject to an encumbrance referred to in this paragraph (ii); and/or
(iii)
recourse under any form of assurance, undertakings or support, which recourse is limited 
to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages and damages required to be 
calculated in a specified way) or under an indemnity for breach of an obligation or 
representation (not being a payment obligation or an obligation to procure payment by 
another or an indemnity in respect thereof or any obligation to comply or to procure 
compliance by another with any financial ratios or other tests of financial condition other 
than costs to complete tests or project completion tests) of the Relevant Issuer or the 
Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries; and/or
(iv)
recourse against (aa) any Subsidiary, or the assets of any Subsidiary, whose principal 
business comprises the ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, 
maintenance and/or operation of the asset concerned; or (bb) any Subsidiary, or the assets 
of any Subsidiary, whose principal business comprises the ownership or financing, directly 
or indirectly, of any Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)(aa); and/or
(v)
recourse under any guarantee and/or indemnity of such indebtedness or completion of 
construction or development of an asset, provided that in any such case the guarantee 
and/or indemnity is (to the extent not permitted by any of the foregoing paragraphs) 
released or discharged if completion of the relevant construction or development occurs 
on or prior to the agreed date for completion referred to in or in connection with the 
guarantee and/or indemnity and no default under or in connection with such indebtedness, 
guarantee or indemnity or any agreement relating thereto is then subsisting;
(iv)
“Permitted Security Interest” means (a) any Security Interest created by either the Relevant 
Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or any Material Subsidiary upon real 
property, energy producing assets and/or ships in favour of one or more Danish mortgage 
institutions (realkreditinstitutter) or other credit institutions (including, but not limited to, Danish 
Ship Finance (Danmarks Skibskredit)) in respect of Relevant Debt constituting indebtedness 
owed to such institutions, provided that the aggregate principal amount of the Relevant Debt in 
respect of which all such Security Interests shall have been created as shown on the then most 
recent annual audited consolidated accounts of the Group shall be equal to not more than 15 per 
cent. of the total consolidated assets of the Group, also as shown in the then most recent annual 
audited consolidated accounts of the Group or (b) any Security Interest over assets of a company 
which becomes a Subsidiary (as defined below) after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of Notes, but only if (i) the Security Interest (1) was in existence prior to 
the date of the company concerned becoming a Subsidiary and (2) was not created in 
contemplation of such company becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) the principal amount secured by 
the Security Interest as at the date the company became a Subsidiary is not subsequently 
increased; and

--- Page 82 ---
82
(v)
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable 
of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
securities market, but shall in any event not include any Non-Recourse Project Financing; and
(vi)
“Subsidiary” means a limited liability company covered by the term “dattervirksomhed” as 
defined in section 5(3) of the Danish Companies Act (Consolidated Act. No. 763 of 23 July 2019 
as amended) and for the avoidance of doubt, such term shall include any limited liability company 
incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Denmark.
4
Interest and other Calculations
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes:
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f).
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes:
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as the Interest Period after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination, Screen Rate

--- Page 83 ---
83
Determination and/or Linear Interpolation shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating
Rate
Option”, “Designated
Maturity”, “Reset
Date” and “Swap
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(London time in the case of CMS London or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR 
or CMS Brussels or Copenhagen time in the case of CIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations;
(y)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(l) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if subparagraph 
(x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as

--- Page 84 ---
84
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is CMS 
London, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks or if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR or CMS Brussels, the principal Euro-zone office of 
each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the principal 
Danish office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate if the Reference Rate is CMS London, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London 
time), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR or CMS Brussels, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time), or if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Copenhagen time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be:
(1)
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR or CIBOR, the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference 
Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone 
interbank market or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the Copenhagen 
interbank market as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Copenhagen time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Taiwanese 
Trustee and the Relevant Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone interbank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
CIBOR, the Copenhagen interbank market, as the case may be, provided
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest

--- Page 85 ---
85
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or
(2)
if the Reference Rate is CMS Brussels or CMS London, a rate determined 
on the basis of the mid-market annual swap rate, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion on the Interest Determination Date 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), if the Reference Rate is CMS 
London or, if the Reference Rate is CMS Brussels, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time). The mid-market annual swap rate as referred to in the 
preceding sentence means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction denominated in EUR with respect 
in CMS Brussels and GBP with respect to CMS London with a maturity 
equal to the Designated Maturity for in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant market commencing on the first day of 
the Interest Period with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to 6 months.
(C)
Benchmark discontinuation
(1)
Independent Adviser
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Relevant Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(2)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Conditions
5(b)(iii)(C)(3) and 5(b)(iii)(C)(4), respectively). In making such determination, the 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence 
of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Relevant Issuer, the Taiwanese Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C). 
If (i) the Relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1) prior 
to the date which is 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be 
equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the

--- Page 86 ---
86
avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of 
this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1).
(2)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser, determines that:
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C); or
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)). 
(3)
Adjustment Spread
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread.
(4)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Relevant Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Relevant Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Taiwanese
Trustee of a certificate signed by two Directors of the Relevant Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), the Taiwanese Trustee shall (at the expense of the 
Relevant Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Relevant Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Taiwanese Trustee
shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Taiwanese Trustee doing 
so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional

--- Page 87 ---
87
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Taiwanese Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the Calculation 
Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Relevant Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated 
under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or 
these Conditions.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4), the Relevant Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(5)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) will 
be notified promptly by the Relevant Issuer to the Taiwanese Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Relevant Issuer shall 
deliver to the Taiwanese Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Relevant Issuer:
(i)
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C); and
(ii)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread.
Each of the Taiwanese Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall 
be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will 
(in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Taiwanese Trustee’s or the 
Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Relevant Issuer, the Taiwanese Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.

--- Page 88 ---
88
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Relevant Issuer thereof and the Relevant Issuer
shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction or 
is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Relevant Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to 
make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross 
negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.
(6)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Relevant Issuer under Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(1) (2), (3) and (4), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and 
until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(7)
Definitions:
As used in this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C):
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative 
or zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate);
(ii)
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if Independent Adviser 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied);
(iii)
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(2) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
89
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4).
“Benchmark Event” means:
(1)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or
(2)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or
(3)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(4)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; 
or
(5)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be 
(or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative 
of its relevant underlying market; or 
(6)
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Relevant Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as 
the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the 
relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Relevant Issuer
and promptly notified to the Taiwanese Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the 
Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Taiwanese Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Relevant Issuer under Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1).

--- Page 90 ---
90
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Relevant Issuer
and promptly notified to the Taiwanese Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the 
Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Taiwanese Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination.
(D)
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement as applicable), one of which shall be determined as 
if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent, following consultation with the Relevant 
Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate.
(c)
Zero Coupon Notes:
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)).

--- Page 91 ---
91
(d)
Accrual of Interest:
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless payment is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at 
the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7).
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding:
(i)
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in 
the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 4(b) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always 
to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up). For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency.
(f)
Calculations:
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such 
Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other 
period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day 
Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts:
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount (each, a “Redemption 
Amount”), obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and

--- Page 92 ---
92
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the relevant Redemption Amount(s) to be notified 
to the Taiwanese Trustee, the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Taiwanese Trustee by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 9 the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made 
unless the Taiwanese Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining 
of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(h)
Definitions:
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency and/or
(ii)
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET system is operating (a “TARGET Business
Day”) and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres.
“CIBOR” means, in respect of any currency and any period specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the interest rate benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of Finance Denmark based on estimated interbank borrowing 
rates for Danish Kroner for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel of 
contributor banks.
“CMS Brussels” or “CMS London” means a rate for the Designated Maturity determined in accordance 
with the Floating Rate Option for each relevant Reset Date, each as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and having the meanings given to them in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 93 ---
93
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365)
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365
(iii)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360
(iv)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2






where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30
(v)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2






where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 94 ---
94
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30
(vi)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
1
2
1
2
1
2






where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30
(vii)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement,
(a)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and
(b)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and

--- Page 95 ---
95
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date.
“Directive” means a directive of the European Union.
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any currency and any period specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the interest rate benchmark known as the Euro-zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of 
each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks.
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date.
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period.
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business 
Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and in respect of the Notes, as amended and supplemented up to and 
including the Issue Date for the first Tranche of the Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 96 ---
96
“Minimum Percentage” means the percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount of that 
particular Series of Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Notes which have been 
consolidated and form a single Series therewith) specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of CMS London, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London interbank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or 
CMS Brussels, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market 
and, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, the principal Danish office of four major banks in the 
Copenhagen interbank market in each case selected by the Relevant Issuer or as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement, and includes 
any successor to such rate.
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the event that any 
Relevant Screen Page stops providing quotations for a Reference Rate, then such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace the same on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or 
sponsoring the relevant Reference Rate for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or prices will be 
used. If there is more than one service displaying the Reference Rate, the one approved in writing by the 
Relevant Issuer will be used.
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor 
thereto.
(i)
Calculation Agent:
The Relevant Issuer and/or the Relevant Guarantor shall procure that there shall at all times be one or 
more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the applicable Pricing Supplement and for so 
long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent 
is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Relevant Issuer and/or the Relevant 
Guarantor shall (with the prior written approval of the Taiwanese Trustee) appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 97 ---
97
5
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption:
(i)
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, each Note 
that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount 
(or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount 
of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, 
unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such 
amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount.
(ii)
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement, is 
its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment 
Amount.
(b)
Early Redemption:
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes:
(ii)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9, shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
(A)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall be such rate as 
would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they 
were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually (the 
“Amortised Face Amount”).
(B)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (A) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before 
and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(c).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement
(iii)
Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note

--- Page 98 ---
98
pursuant to Condition 5(c) or Condition 5(d) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons:
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above) (together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor 
(as the case may be) satisfies the Taiwanese Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that 
the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as described under Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Relevant 
Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes or the Downstream Guarantee or the 
Upstream Guarantee, as the case may be, then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this paragraph, the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) shall 
deliver to the Taiwanese Trustee a certificate signed by two Directors of the Relevant Issuer or the 
Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) stating that the obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be 
avoided by the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) taking reasonable 
measures available to it and the Taiwanese Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in (ii) above in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on Noteholders.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Relevant Issuer:
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Relevant Issuer may, on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes 
on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise 
must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Relevant Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement), redeem all or, if so provided, 
some of the Notes at any time or from time to time (i) where no particular period during which Make-
Whole Redemption is applicable is specified, prior to their Maturity Date, or (ii) where Make-Whole 
Redemption is specified as only being applicable for a certain period, during such period, in each case 
on the date for redemption specified in such notice (the “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at the Make-
Whole Redemption Rate.

--- Page 99 ---
99
All Notes in respect of which any such notice of redemption is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall specify the nominal amount of Notes 
drawn and the holder(s) of such Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as 
the Taiwanese Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements.
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d):
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Make-Whole Reference Bond specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if the Make-Whole 
Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgment of the Reference 
Dealers, prevailing at 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the Yield Calculation Date or on such dealing day as 
determined by the Relevant Issuer quoted in writing to Relevant Guarantor, the Taiwanese Paying Agent 
and the Taiwanese Trustee by the Reference Dealers;
“Make-Whole Reference Bond” means the Make-Whole Reference Bond specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement;
“Reference Dealers” means five brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers selected by the 
Relevant Issuer in consultation with the Relevant Guarantor, or such other five persons operating in the 
gilt-edged market as are selected by the Relevant Issuer in consultation with the Relevant Guarantor;
“Yield Calculation Date” means the date which is the second Business Day prior to the date on which 
the notice to redeem is dispatched; and
(e)
Clean-up Call Option of the Relevant Issuer:
If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the event that Notes 
representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage have been purchased 
or redeemed and cancelled by the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement), redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not 
some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption.
(f)
Purchases:
Each of the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor and any of their respective subsidiaries may at any 
time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price.
(g)
Cancellation:
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor or any of their 
respective subsidiaries shall be cancelled forthwith. Any Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged.

--- Page 100 ---
100
6
Payments
(a)
Payments of Principal and Interest:
(i)
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 6(a)(i) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of the Notes shall be paid to 
the persons shown on the Register maintained by the TDCC at the close of business on the day 
immediately before the Maturity Date.
(ii)
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(a)(ii) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on the Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the 
“Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Note shall be made in the relevant currency by 
remittance to the holder of such Note at its account appearing in the Register.
(b)
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws:
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, and (ii) notwithstanding the provisions of 
Condition 7, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.
(c)
Appointment of Agents:
The Taiwanese Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Relevant Issuer and 
the Relevant Guarantor and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Taiwanese Paying 
Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The 
Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor each reserves the right at any time with the approval of the 
Taiwanese Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Taiwanese Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other paying agents, provided that the Relevant Issuer 
and the Relevant Guarantor shall at all times maintain (i) Taiwanese Paying Agent, (ii) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require and (iii) such other agents as may be required by 
any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in each case, as approved by the Taiwanese 
Trustee.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.
(d)
Non-Business Days:
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, 
in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange

--- Page 101 ---
101
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
7
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the 
case may be) in respect of the Notes or under the Downstream Guarantee or Upstream Guarantee (as the case 
may be) shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the 
Kingdom of Denmark or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) 
shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of such holder having 
some connection with the Kingdom of Denmark other than the mere holding of the Note.
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note means the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the 
date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, 
Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given 
in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed.
8
Prescription
Claims against the Relevant Issuer and/or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) for payment in respect 
of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five 
years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.
9
Events of Default
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Taiwanese Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, give notice to the Relevant Issuer and the 
Relevant Guarantor that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early 
Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with accrued interest:
(a)
Non-Payment: the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) fails to pay any 
interest on, or any principal or premium in respect of, the Notes and such failure continues for a period 
of 14 days in respect of principal or interest; or
(b)
Breach of Other Obligations: the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) fails 
in any material respect to perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the 
Notes or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Taiwanese 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Taiwanese Trustee remedied within 30 days (or

--- Page 102 ---
102
such longer period as the Taiwanese Trustee may permit) after notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor by the Taiwanese Trustee; or
(c)
Cross-Default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 3) for or in respect 
of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior 
to its stated maturity by reason of any event of default (howsoever described), or (ii) any such 
indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, or (iii) the 
Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect 
of, any moneys borrowed or raised unless any such right of acceleration or obligation referred to in this 
paragraph (c) (i), (ii) or (iii) is contested by the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor or any of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in good faith by appropriate and adequate 
provisions having been made and further provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant 
indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above 
in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or exceeds €25,000,000 or its equivalent (as reasonably 
determined by the Taiwanese Trustee); or
(d)
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or 
sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; 
or
(e)
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created 
or assumed by the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor or any of their respective Material 
Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession 
or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator manager or other similar person) 
and, in any case, the value of the claim secured by any such mortgage, charge, lien or other encumbrance 
is equal to or exceeds (or if added to the value of any other claim falling to be taken into account under 
this paragraph (e) would equal or exceed) €25,000,000 or its equivalent (as reasonably determined by 
the Taiwanese Trustee); or
(f)
Insolvency: the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor or any of their respective Material 
Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay 
its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a 
particular type of) its debts, proposes or makes any agreement for the deferral, rescheduling or other 
readjustment of all of (or all of a particular type of) its debts (or of any part which it will or might 
otherwise be unable to pay when due), proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of 
a particular type of) the debts of the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor or any of their respective 
Material Subsidiaries; or
(g)
Winding-up: an administrator is appointed, an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor or any of 
their respective Material Subsidiaries, or the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose 
of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms 
approved by the Taiwanese Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of 
the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the

--- Page 103 ---
103
Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor 
or another of their respective Material Subsidiaries; or
(h)
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs; or
(i)
Guarantee: the Downstream Guarantee or the Upstream Guarantee, as the context requires, is not (or is 
claimed by the Relevant Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect,
provided that in the case of paragraphs (b), (d), (e) and (h) and, in relation to Material Subsidiaries only, (f) 
and (g), the Taiwanese Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders.
10
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders:
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting 
may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the 
business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of 
maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or 
any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect 
of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the 
basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the 
quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary 
Resolution in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing 
not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed).
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Pricing 
Supplement in relation to such Series.
(b)
Modification of the Trust Deed:
The Taiwanese Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to (i) any modification of any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed that in its opinion is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and 
any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed 
that is in the opinion of the Taiwanese Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the

--- Page 104 ---
104
Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and, if 
the Taiwanese Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable.
(c)
Substitution:
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Taiwanese Trustee to agree, subject to such 
amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Taiwanese Trustee may require and 
subject also to receipt of any necessary regulatory and listing approvals from any authorities in Taiwan, 
including but not limited to the Taipei Exchange, but without the consent of the Noteholders, to the 
substitution of certain other entities (a) in place of Ørsted Wind, its successor in business or of any 
previously substituted company in its capacity as Relevant Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust 
Deed and the Notes (as the case may be, the “Substituted Debtor”), (b) in place of Ørsted, its successor 
in business or of any previously substituted company in its capacity as Relevant Issuer as principal debtor 
under the Trust Deed and the Notes (as the case may be, the “Substituted Debtor”), or (c) in place of 
Ørsted Wind, its successor in business or of any previously substituted company in its capacity as 
Relevant Guarantor, as guarantor under the Trust Deed and the Notes (the “Substituted Guarantor”) 
provided that (i) in the case of Ørsted Wind’s substitution as the Relevant Issuer (unless Ørsted Wind’s 
successor in business is the Substituted Debtor), such Substituted Debtor is a Subsidiary of Ørsted whose 
financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles to be fully consolidated with those of Ørsted, which shall be certified in writing by two 
directors of the Substituted Debtor to the Taiwanese Trustee, which certificate shall be conclusive and 
binding; (ii) in the case of Ørsted’s substitution as the Relevant Issuer (unless Ørsted’s successor in 
business is the Substituted Debtor), the obligations of the Substituted Debtor under the Trust Deed and 
the Notes are guaranteed by Ørsted to the Taiwanese Trustee’s satisfaction and such other conditions as 
the Taiwanese Trustee may require; (iii) in the case of Ørsted Wind’s substitution as the Relevant 
Guarantor, such Substituted Guarantor is a Subsidiary of Ørsted whose financial statements at any time 
are required by law or in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully 
consolidated with those of Ørsted, which shall be certified in writing by two directors of the Substituted 
Guarantor to the Taiwanese Trustee, which certificate shall be conclusive and binding; and (iv) in any of 
the foregoing cases, no payment in respect of the Notes is at the relevant time overdue. In the case of 
such a substitution the Taiwanese Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to a change 
of the law governing the Notes and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the 
opinion of the Taiwanese Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(d)
Entitlement of the Taiwanese Trustee:
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Taiwanese Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and 
shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders and the Taiwanese 
Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the Relevant 
Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of 
any such exercise upon individual Noteholders.
11
Enforcement
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Taiwanese Trustee may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, institute such proceedings against the Relevant Issuer and/or the Relevant Guarantor as it may 
think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed and the Notes but it need not take any such proceedings unless 
(a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders

--- Page 105 ---
105
holding at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified to 
its satisfaction. No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor 
unless the Taiwanese Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and 
such failure is continuing.
12
Indemnification of the Taiwanese Trustee
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Taiwanese Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Taiwanese Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Relevant Issuer, the 
Relevant Guarantor and any entity related to the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor without accounting 
for any profit.
13
Further Issues
The Relevant Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further 
securities having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest on them) and, to the extent permitted by applicable authorities in Taiwan and subject to 
receipt of necessary regulatory and listing approvals from such authorities, including but not limited to the 
Taipei Exchange and the Taiwan Securities Association, such further issue shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with outstanding securities of any Series. References in these Conditions to the Notes include 
(unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a 
single series with the Notes.
14
Notices
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the Taipei Exchange, notices required to be given to 
the holders of Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be published by the Relevant Issuer on the website 
designated by the Taipei Exchange in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Taipei Exchange. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above.
15
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999.
16
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law:
The Trust Deed, the Downstream Guarantee, the Upstream Guarantee, the Notes, any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law.
(b)
Jurisdiction:
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any 
Notes (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. Each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind has in the Trust 
Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts.

--- Page 106 ---
106
(c)
Service of Process:
Each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind has in the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed an agent in England to 
receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 107 ---
107
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be used by the Relevant Issuer: (i) for general corporate 
purposes of the Relevant Issuer; or (ii) if, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, for a purpose that will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be).
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be), the Relevant 
Issuer will apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of Notes exclusively to finance or refinance, 
in whole or in part, Green Projects.
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 108 ---
108
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES (OTHER THAN NTD 
NOTES) WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
Initial Issue of Notes
If the Global Notes or Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) to be issued in NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), 
on or prior to the issue date, the Global Notes or Global Certificates will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper.
Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates intended to be held as Eurosystem eligible collateral 
with a Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem (“Eurosystem eligible 
collateral”) either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. In the case of Notes 
issued in NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be) which are not intended to be held as 
Eurosystem eligible collateral as of their issue date, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future so that such Notes are capable of meeting the eligibility criteria, such Notes may then be deposited 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as Common Safekeeper.
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be 
delivered on or prior to the issue date to a Common Depositary.
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with the Common Depositary or 
registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such 
clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note 
and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant clearing system at that time.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary or the Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, 
may also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with other clearing systems (if indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be)) through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are 
initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system 
(an “Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global 
Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as 
the case may be) for his/her share of each payment made by Ørsted to the bearer of such Global Note or the 
holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under 
the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against Ørsted in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of Ørsted will be discharged by

--- Page 109 ---
109
payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may 
be, in respect of each amount so paid.
17
Exchange
1
Temporary Global Notes
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date:
(a)
if the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) indicates that such 
Global Note is issued in compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable (see “Overview the Programme — Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Notes defined and described below; and
(b)
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement, for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant 
Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be), for Definitive Notes.
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for Registered 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes for 
which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be exchangeable in whole or in part for 
Registered Notes only.
2
Permanent Global Notes
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date 
in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part for 
Definitive Notes or, in the case of paragraph 3 below, Registered Notes:
(a)
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for Registered 
Notes;
(b)
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or in fact does so to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its election for such 
exchange; or
(c)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent of its election for such exchange.
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued in 
Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to purchase 
a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations.
3
Permanent Global Certificates
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) state that the Notes are to be represented by a 
permanent Global Certificate on issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading

--- Page 110 ---
110
of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but 
will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system.
Transfers of the holding of Registered Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) 
may only be made in part:
(a)
if the Registered Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or
(b)
if principal or interest in respect of any Registered Notes is not paid when due; or
(c)
with the consent of Ørsted,
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3(a) or 3(b) above, the 
holder of the Global Certificate has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the 
intention of the holder of the Global Certificate to effect such transfer.
4
Delivery of Notes
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may surrender 
such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, Ørsted will (i) in the 
case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery 
of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a 
temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure 
the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate 
nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may be or 
if the Global Note is an NGN, Ørsted will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any 
Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having 
attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already 
been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form 
set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, Ørsted will, if 
the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive 
Notes.
5
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days 
after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case 
of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal or interest in respect of 
any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks 
are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in 
the city in which the relevant clearing system is located.

--- Page 111 ---
111
6
Other
If a Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of the Noteholders, the Notes shall be 
tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination).
Amendment to Conditions
The temporary Global Notes, the permanent Global Notes and the Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (other than NTD Notes) set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those 
provisions:
1
Payments
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any temporary Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set 
out in the Trust Deed. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made 
against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, 
surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as 
shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each 
payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that 
such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is an NGN or if the Global Certificate 
is held under the NSS, Ørsted shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global 
Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so 
made will discharge Ørsted’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the 
relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a 
Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out 
in Condition 8(h) (Non-Business Days).
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, the 
person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day 
immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday 
inclusive except 25 December and 1 January.
2
Prescription
Claims against the Ørsted in respect of Notes that are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) or five 
years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (other than NTD Notes) — Taxation”).
3
Meetings
At any meeting of Noteholders, the holder of a permanent Global Note or Global Certificate shall be treated as 
being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements at a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral

--- Page 112 ---
112
currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Note. All holders Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in 
respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Note comprising such Noteholder’s 
holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.
4
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate that is required by the Conditions 
to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant Global Note or Global Certificate, as the case may be.
5
Purchase
Notes represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate may only be purchased by Ørsted or any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined in the Trust Deed) if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future 
payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) set out in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be).
6
Issuer’s Option
Any option of Ørsted provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a Global 
Note or Global Certificate shall be exercised by Ørsted giving notice to the Noteholders within the time limits 
set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required 
to contain the certificate numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly 
no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of Ørsted is exercised in respect of some but 
not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes 
will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the relevant 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) and shall be reflected in the records of the relevant clearing 
system as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion. Following the exercise of 
any such option, Ørsted shall procure that the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
relevant clearing systems and represented by the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate shall be reduced 
accordingly.
7
NGN nominal amount
Where the Global Note is an NGN, Ørsted shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise of 
any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances set out above shall 
be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in respect of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted 
accordingly.
8
Noteholders’ Option
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a Global Note or Global Certificate may be exercised by the holder of the Global Note or Global Certificate 
giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a 
Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the certificate numbers of the Notes in 
respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which 
the option is exercised and at the same time, where the Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Global Note or 
Global Certificate to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is an NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the

--- Page 113 ---
113
NSS, Ørsted shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly.
9
Trustee’s Powers
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate 
is registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any information 
provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its 
accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and may consider such interests as 
if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate.
10
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate and such Global Note or Global 
Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of 
the Global Note or Global Certificate. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the seventh day 
after the date on which it is delivered to the holder of the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate.

--- Page 114 ---
114
ØRSTED A/S
Information about Ørsted
Ørsted is a limited liability company incorporated in Denmark and operating under Danish law and centrally 
registered with the Danish Business Authority (Erhvervsstyrelsen) in Copenhagen under CVR no. 36 21 37 28. 
The shares of Ørsted have been listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen since 9 June 2016. The principal registered office 
of Ørsted is located at Kraftværksvej 53, Skærbæk, DK-7000 Fredericia, Denmark, and the telephone number 
of Ørsted is +45 99 55 11 11.
The share capital of Ørsted is DKK 4,203,810,800 and is divided into shares of DKK 10 each or multiples 
thereof. The issued share capital is fully paid-up. There are no other classes of shares besides the ordinary 
shares. There are no non-voting shares.
According to Article 3 of Ørsted’s Articles of Association, the corporate objectives of Ørsted are to carry out 
business in the energy sector and activities related thereto.
Major Shareholders
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Kingdom of Denmark holds a 50.1 per cent. ownership interest in 
Ørsted. Other shareholders holding 5 per cent. or more of the ownership interest and/or voting rights in Ørsted 
are The Capital Group Companies, Inc. and Andel A.m.b.a (“Andel” – previously SEAS-NVE A.m.b.a.). The 
Kingdom of Denmark exercises its shareholder rights through the Danish Ministry of Finance. The shares 
owned by the Kingdom of Denmark have the same voting rights as all other shares in Ørsted. The Danish 
Companies Act provides the minority shareholders with certain minority protection rights, including that no 
resolutions shall be passed at the general meeting of shareholders that are clearly likely to confer upon certain 
shareholders an undue advantage over other shareholders of Ørsted.
Majority ownership by the Kingdom of Denmark shall ensure that the natural gas infrastructure and oil pipeline 
facilities currently owned by Ørsted remain under control by the Kingdom of Denmark in accordance with a 
political agreement from October 2004 between the Danish Government and a broad majority of the parties in 
the Danish Parliament. This agreement was re-confirmed in October 2007, February 2013 and again in 
September 2015 (the “Confirmation Political Agreement”). According to the Confirmation Political 
Agreement the Kingdom of Denmark should retain a majority interest in Ørsted at least until 2020, unless the 
parties backing the Confirmation Political Agreement agree otherwise. Any subsequent changes in the 
ownership interest of the Kingdom of Denmark also require agreement among the parties to the Confirmation 
Political Agreement.
The Confirmation Political Agreement states that the Kingdom of Denmark wishes to secure the continued state 
control over (i) the natural gas infrastructure facilities currently consisting of Ørsted’s offshore natural gas 
pipeline system connecting gas producing assets in the Danish part of the North Sea to the onshore transmission 
grid and the Nybro gas treatment facility and (ii) the oil pipeline business consisting of the oil pipeline 
connecting the Gorm E platform in the North Sea to the oil terminal at Fredericia, Jutland in both cases by 
seeking a sale of Ørsted’s gas infrastructure and oil pipeline facilities to the state-owned Energinet on 
commercial terms.
Corporate structure of Ørsted
Ørsted serves as a holding company, with all primary business activities conducted through its subsidiaries. The 
chart below illustrates the relationship of Ørsted with its principal subsidiaries (all of which are wholly owned 
by Ørsted).

--- Page 115 ---
115
Ørsted is organised in two main business divisions being the “Commercial” and “Onshore” business divisions. 
Commercial comprises Ørsted’s global offshore wind activities, bioenergy, markets and the power and gas 
business-to-business (“B2B”) sales activities, while Ørsted’s global activities relating to onshore wind and solar 
power production is placed in the Onshore business division. 
Figure 1: Ørsted’s principal subsidiaries
Business Overview
Ørsted was founded as Dansk Naturgas A/S by the Kingdom of Denmark on 27 March 1972, as a vehicle for 
the development of Danish energy activities. Ørsted established the Danish gas transmission grid, procured 
natural gas from the producers in the Danish North Sea and developed from a passive investor in oil exploration 
and production licenses in the Danish North Sea to become an independent offshore oil and gas explorer and 
producer in Denmark, Norway and the United Kingdom. In 1999 and 2000, Ørsted acquired the Southern 
Jutland and Western and Southern Zealand gas distribution and supply companies, comprising two out of five 
Danish gas distribution and supply companies.
In 2006, the acquisitions of five regional Danish energy companies (Elsam, NESA, Energi E2, part of 
Københavns Energi, and part of Frederiksberg Forsyning) were completed, and Ørsted’s name was changed to 
DONG Energy A/S. The acquisitions allowed Ørsted to expand into power generation, sales and distribution 
activities.
In the years following the acquisitions, the growing demand for renewable energy and the need to reduce coal-
fired thermal generation capacity in the Nordic area led Ørsted to revise its strategy. International coal-fired 
power plant projects under preparation were cancelled in 2009, capacity closures of Danish power plants were 
initiated and a plan to reduce carbon dioxide (“CO2”) emissions was adopted.
In 2013 and 2014, a financial action plan was executed for Ørsted to establish a sufficient financial foundation 
to enable the implementation of Ørsted’s 2020 strategic goals and to continue the transformation of the Group 
into a global leader within offshore wind power. The financial action plan included significant divestments of 
non-core assets, cost reductions and a capital injection of DKK 13 billion, which took place in February 2014.

--- Page 116 ---
116
Ørsted’s gas transmission activity was divested to the Danish state-owned transmission system operator, 
Energinet, in 2004 as part of the unbundling of the Danish energy sector. In September 2016, Ørsted divested 
its gas distribution network and on 29 September 2017, Ørsted divested its oil & gas exploration and production 
activities to INEOS UK E&P Holdings Ltd (“INEOS”). Furthermore, on 31 August 2020, Ørsted completed 
the divestment of its Danish power distribution, residential power and gas customer and city light businesses to 
Andel. 
Today, Ørsted is an energy company with a strategic focus on upstream renewable energy production. Ørsted 
has leading competences in offshore and onshore wind, solar energy and bioenergy whilst also building out 
competences and a position in energy storage and green hydrogen. 
At the end of December 2021, Ørsted employed 6,836 full-time equivalent employees throughout the Group.
Recent Group Developments
On 23 December 2021, Marianne Wiinholt, the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) and member of Ørsted’s 
executive management (the “Executive Management”), announced her decision to step down as CFO of 
Ørsted. On 2 February 2021, Daniel Lerup was announced as Marianne Wiinholt’s successor as CFO and 
member of Ørsted’s Executive Board as of 8 April 2022. Daniel Lerup joined Ørsted in 2009 and currently 
holds the position as Senior Vice President, Head of Commercial and EPC & Operations Finance.
Summary of Key Operating Data
Table 1: Summary of Key Operating Data
FY 2020(2)
FY 2021(2)
Offshore:
Decided (FID taken) and installed capacity(1), offshore wind (GW) ............
9.9
10.9
Installed capacity(1), offshore wind (GW)...................................................
7.6
7.6
Generation capacity(1), offshore wind (GW)...............................................
4.4
4.0
Wind speed (m/s) ......................................................................................
10.0
9.1
Load factor(1) (%)......................................................................................
45
39
Availability(1) (%)......................................................................................
94
94
Power generation (TWh) ...........................................................................
15.2
13.8
Volume of power sales (TWh) ...................................................................
29.2
25.0
Onshore:
Decided (FID taken) and installed capacity, onshore wind (GW)................
3.4
4.7
Installed capacity, onshore wind (GW) ......................................................
1.7
3.3
Wind speed, US (m/s) ...............................................................................
7.6
7.4
Load factor, US, wind (%).........................................................................
45
42
Availability, US, wind (%).........................................................................
96
96
Power generation (TWh) ...........................................................................
5.7
8.4
Bioenergy & Other:
Degree days(1) (number) ............................................................................
2,432
2,820

--- Page 117 ---
117
FY 2020(2)
FY 2021(2)
Heat generation (TWh)..............................................................................
6.7
7.9
Power generation (TWh) ...........................................................................
4.4
6.9
Volume of power sales (TWh) ...................................................................
11.6
8.8
Volume of gas sales (TWh)........................................................................
90.3
61.3
Environment:
Carbon emissions (g CO₂e/kWh) ...............................................................
58
58
Green share of heat and power generation (%)...........................................
90
90
Notes:
(1)
For definitions, please see Ørsted’s ESG Performance Report 2021.
(2)
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021.
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Table 2: Income statement (IFRS)
FY 2020(1)
FY 2021(1)
Revenue:..................................................................................................
50,151
77,673
Offshore....................................................................................................
34,235
50,791
Onshore ....................................................................................................
714
995
Bioenergy & Other....................................................................................
18,519
32,390
Other activities (including eliminations) ....................................................
(3,317)
(6,503)
EBITDA(2):...............................................................................................
16,598
24,296
EBIT:.......................................................................................................
9,010
16,195
Profit (loss) for the period continuing operations........................................
15,548
10,887
Profit (loss) for the period discontinued operations ....................................
(11)
-
Profit (loss) for the period .........................................................................
15,537
10,887
Notes:
(1)
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021. 
(2)
On 31 August 2020, Ørsted divested its Danish power distribution and other activities to Andel. As at 30 June 2020, 
these business activities accounted for 7.9 per cent. (DKK 0.7bn) of Ørsted’s operating profit (EBITDA) and 9.4 
per cent. (DKK 8.6bn) of the capital employed.
For the financial year ending 31 December 2021, Ørsted’s employed capital in its businesses made up DKK 
109.4 billion, of which 78 per cent. was employed in Offshore, 20 per cent. was employed in Onshore and 2
per cent. was employed in Bioenergy & Other.

--- Page 118 ---
118
Table 3: EBITDA split by business unit:
            FY 2020(1)     FY 2021
EBITDA: .................................................................................................
18,124
24,296
Offshore....................................................................................................
14,750
18,021
Onshore ....................................................................................................
1,131
1,349
Bioenergy & Other....................................................................................
2,136
4,747
Other activities (including eliminations) ....................................................
107
179
Notes:
(1)
For 2020 the table shows business performance numbers to form a better like-for-like comparison.
Strategic direction and priorities
Ørsted’s 2030 strategic aspiration
The large reductions in cost of renewable energy in recent years, the increasing political momentum and actions 
undertaken by governments to fight climate change and the increasing number of companies setting 
decarbonisation targets all together lay the foundation for an accelerated transformation towards a fully 
renewable energy system, which will create significant opportunities for Ørsted.
The green transformation will in the energy system be driven by five main factors towards 2030. The first key 
driver will be the electrification enabled by the massive build-out of renewable energy. To meet the 1.5 °C1
scenario, the International Renewable Energy Agency (“IRENA”) estimates that renewable capacity including 
hydro, geothermal and marine energy will need to grow from the current 2,500 to 28,000 GW globally by 2030. 
The second key factor will be the increasing renewable project size, requiring larger and innovative cross-states 
transmission infrastructures like energy islands. The third driver is expected to be the deployment of renewable 
hydrogen and green fuels, which will be a key decarbonisation route for heavy industry and heavy transport, 
and which will itself spark the development of entirely new industries and value chains. The fourth driver will 
be digitalisation and system innovation: The International Energy Agency (“IEA”) estimates that more than 90 
per cent. of global electricity supply will originate from renewables by 2050, and this will require a smart and 
highly digitalised energy system that can better integrate different technologies and drive system efficiencies. 
The last key driver will be corporate demand, where the future customer landscape is also expected to transform
with more and more companies from various sectors setting decarbonisation targets and seeking multi-product 
green solutions to solve their specific needs. 
Recognising the magnitude of these changes, the increasing political momentum and the resulting massive 
renewable market opportunities, Ørsted has defined a new 2030 strategic aspiration to become the world’s 
leading green energy major. In terms of renewable build-out, Ørsted aims to almost quadruple its renewable 
installed base from 13.0 GW to 50 GW gross capacity by 2030. In offshore wind, Ørsted aims to maintain its 
position as global market leader2 and to reach an installed gross capacity of 30 GW by 2030. In onshore 
renewables (onshore wind, solar PV and energy storage), Ørsted aims to become a top 10 global player with 
17.5 GW of installed capacity. Lastly, Ørsted also aspires to become a global market leader in renewable 
hydrogen and green fuels given these technologies will be key to decarbonise hard to abate sectors going 
forward. In order to achieve this, Ørsted will increasingly globalise its growth platform: in offshore, the aim is 
                                                       
1
Long-term threshold set by the Paris Agreement and stating the maximum temperature increase the world can reach (compared to pre-industrial 
levels) in order to limit global warming.
2
Largest global offshore wind developer by installed capacity by end-2021 (Bloomberg New Energy Finance – Ranking of Renewable Project 
Developers).

--- Page 119 ---
119
to expand the presence into new growth markets such as the Baltics, Korea and Vietnam while in onshore the 
aim is to further scale up the European platform and explore opportunities in Asia Pacific.
Besides capacity build-out, the strategic aspiration additionally requires Ørsted to lead the industry across a set 
of dimensions. Ørsted indeed has the ambition to become one of the world’s largest capital deployers into the 
green transformation, create the world’s leading talent platform, continue being a recognised sustainability 
leader and strengthen its role as a catalyst to realise the vision of a world that runs entirely on green energy. 
Ørsted has taken important steps to uphold a clear leadership on sustainability, and to drive the change the world 
needs to fight climate change. Ørsted has set the ambition of having an entirely carbon-neutral energy 
production by 2025 (scope 1 and 2 emissions) and a carbon-neutral footprint by 2040 (covering also scope 3 
emissions). Both these targets have been approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative during 2021, hence 
making Ørsted the first energy company with a science-based net zero target. Besides this, Ørsted has also taken 
a stand on biodiversity. This includes the requirement to reach a net positive biodiversity impact on all new 
projects commissioned by 2030 at the latest, and an immediate ban on the landfilling of all wind turbine blades. 
These are only initial steps of a continued journey, where Ørsted must extend its efforts to protect the nature 
and the environment while engaging in renewable build-out.
The accelerating green transformation requires Ørsted to further broaden its technology platform to remain 
competitive in the future global energy market. This will enable Ørsted to mature synergies and competitive 
advantages under four main dimensions. First, a multi-technology platform will help realise scale benefits in 
procurement thanks to the combined build-out in offshore and onshore. Secondly, it will enable more effectively 
meeting customers’ demand for integrated solutions. Thirdly, a multi-technology platform will enable the 
delivery of global energy offerings to transnational offtake partners that will require certain energy volumes 
and load profiles in specific markets, hence unlocking Ørsted’s access to new markets. As the last key benefit, 
a diversified energy platform will allow Ørsted to play a more prominent role in the decarbonisation of hard-
to-abate sectors, by deploying large-scale renewable hydrogen and green fuels across industries.
Ørsted’s strategy and capital allocation
Strategic direction and growth
Ørsted’s strategic shift from black to green energy is reflected in its green share of energy generation. In 2007, 
only 8 per cent. of Ørsted’s total power and heat generation came from renewables. By the end of 2021, the 
green share of generation has increased to 90 per cent.
The strategic transformation to become a green energy company has positioned Ørsted as one of the largest 
renewable energy companies3 in the world, measured by the capacity of renewable energy that is installed or 
under construction. By the end of 2021, Ørsted had in aggregate 15.6 GW of renewable energy capacity 
installed, under construction, or where Final Investment Decision (“FID”) has been taken, with the majority 
being in offshore wind. In addition, Ørsted has been awarded or contracted projects with a capacity of 8.4 GW 
in Offshore where investment decisions are yet to be taken. Furthermore, Ørsted has a strong pipeline of projects 
under development that make a substantiated pipeline of for ~12.5 GW for Offshore and of ~11.5 GW for 
Onshore. 
Towards 2030, Ørsted expects that the global market for renewable energy will more than triple, reaching 2,790 
GW of installed offshore, onshore, solar PV and storage capacity excluding China. As one of the leading 
companies in offshore wind, Ørsted is strongly positioned to take part in this growth.
                                                       
3
23 per cent. of all global offshore wind capacity installed and under construction excl. Mainland China as of end-2021 (Bloomberg New 
Energy Finance – Ranking of Renewable Project Developers).

--- Page 120 ---
120
Ørsted’s key milestones for 2021 were as follows:
Offshore

Operational milestones including first power from Hornsea 2 (1.3 GW), to be the world’s largest offshore 
wind farm after Hornsea 1, and construction progress on Greater Changhua 1 & 2a (900 MW) in Taiwan

Further pipeline maturation including awards on Ocean Wind 1 (1,100 MW) and Ocean Wind 2 (1,148 
MW) in New Jersey, CfD award on the Baltica 2 & 3 in Poland (2.5 GW), Notice of Intent4 (“NoI”) for 
Sunrise Wind project (924 MW) in New York, FID on Gode Wind 3 (253 MW) and Borkum Riffgrund 
3 (913 MW) in Germany and Construction and Operations Plan approved for South Fork (130 MW) in 
the US

New strategic partnerships including the 50-50 joint venture with the Polish developer Polska Grupa 
Energetyczna (“PGE”) for the Baltica 2 & 3 projects, the memorandum of understanding (“MoU”) with 
the Baltic developer Enefit, the joint venture with the floating wind players BlueFloat Energy and Falck 
Renewables in the UK and the MoU with the Danish pension fund ATP to jointly bid for the North Sea 
energy island

Successful farm-down agreements, including 50 per cent. divestments of Borssele 1 & 2 to Norges Bank 
Investment Management, the closing of 50 per cent. divestment of Greater Changhua 1 to Caisse de 
dépôt et placement du Québec (“CDPQ”) and Cathay Private Equity Co. Ltd. Co. and the agreement 
signed on the 50 per cent. divestment of the Borkum Riffgrund 3 offshore wind farm situated in the 
German North Sea.

High corporate power purchase (“CPPA”) momentum including five new agreements with corporates 
offtaking power from the Horns Rev 2 wind farm in Denmark (Danfoss) and Borkum Riffgrund 3 in 
Germany (REWE, BASF, Amazon, Google). In particular, the BASF agreement marks the world’s 
longest CPPA (25 years’ duration) on offshore wind asset at time of signing

Further maturation and expansion of renewable hydrogen and green fuel project pipeline, construction 
start at demonstration project H2RES in Denmark, 45 per cent. stake acquired in the FlagshipONE 
project in Sweden and funding progress with Green Fuels for Denmark (GFDK) selected as an Important 
Project of Common European Interest (IPCEI) by the Danish Authorities 
Onshore renewables

Operational milestones including commissioning of Permian Energy Center hybrid project (420 MWac 
solar, 40 MWac storage) and Western Trail wind project (367 MW) in Texas, Muscle Shoals solar project 
(227 MW) in Alabama and acquisition of Lincoln Land (302 MW) operational wind farm in Illinois

Substantial completion of the construction of Haystack (298 MW) in Nebraska, with final tests and 
commissioning works to be completed during the first half of 2022

Further pipeline maturation including FID on Helena Energy Center (518 MW) in Texas, Lisheen 3 (29 
MW) in Ireland and Ballykeel (16 MW) in Northern Ireland

Platform expansion into Europe through the acquisition of Brookfield Renewable Ireland, adding 389 
MW onshore assets in operation and under construction to Ørsted’s portfolio at time of acquisition

Expansion of the corporate customer portfolio through newly announced onshore CPPAs with nine 
companies across US and Europe 
                                                       
4
Declaration of intention to prepare an EIA issued by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) in August 2021.

--- Page 121 ---
121
Bioenergy & Other

Strong financial and business performance from CHP plants and gas portfolio, partially offsetting the 
adverse conditions from low offshore wind speeds and the overall energy crunch affecting Europe

Closing the divestment of the majority of Ørsted’s UK B2B customers to Total Gas & Power

Significant steps to decarbonise CHP plants including MoU with Aker Carbon Capture and Microsoft to 
explore technological, regulatory and commercial opportunities of carbon capture
Capital allocation
To reach the aspiration of becoming the world’s leading green energy major through 50 GW of installed gross 
capacity by 2030, Ørsted has committed to deploy around DKK 450 billion of total gross investments to be 
invested into green growth in period 2020-2027. This includes both DKK 350 billion directly funded by Ørsted 
through reinvesting operational earnings, proceeds from owner-share farm down in new green energy 
generation projects and issuing new senior debt and hybrid capital, and DKK 100 billion from joint ventures 
and engineering, procurement and construction (“EPC”) partners. 
Of the DKK 350 billion, Ørsted expects to invest approximately 80 per cent. in offshore wind, renewable 
hydrogen and green fuels and the remaining 20 per cent. to grow the onshore business. 
Following Ørsted’s capital allocation framework, investments will be pursued according to the following 
principles: (i) Maintain strong commitment to credit ratings (BBB+/Baa1), (ii) Honour dividend commitment 
to shareholders and (iii) Invest only in value-creating growth opportunities.
Ørsted’s markets
Unless otherwise indicated, global and Asia Pacific market forecasts across technologies exclude mainland 
China.
Massive and increasingly renewable market opportunities
Driven by the profound changes underway in the energy system, the decreasing cost of electricity and the 
increasing political momentum to drive the deployment of renewable technologies, market opportunities in 
renewable energy will increase massively towards 2030. The total renewable capacity comprising offshore 
wind, onshore wind, small- and large-scale solar PV and energy storage is indeed expected to reach ~2,790 GW 
in 2030 according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance (“BNEF”). Offshore wind will be the fastest-growing 
green generation technology with ~20 per cent. yearly growth rate and reaching ~160 GW in 2030. Strong 
growth is expected across all regions with Europe continuing to be the largest region, while US and Asia Pacific 
will experience the highest growth rates, respectively at 93 and 56 per cent. Onshore wind, solar PV and storage 
are also expected to grow significantly towards 2030, almost tripling capacity from 2020 levels and totalling 
approximately 2,630 GW build-out by 2030. The highest regional growth is expected in the Asia Pacific and 
North America with respectively 14 and 12 per cent., while Europe will remain the largest region for onshore 
renewables and accounting for approximately 770 GW by 2030. South America and Africa will also grow 
significantly and are expected to reach 671 GW by 2030.
Sources for the information in this section: Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) New Energy Outlook 2021, 
2H 2021 offshore wind market outlook.
Offshore wind
Global installed offshore wind capacity has increased significantly in recent years. Since 2017 it has almost 
doubled from 14.9 GW to 24.6 GW in 2020. According to BNEF, the offshore wind market is expected to 
continue this strong growth trajectory towards 2030.

--- Page 122 ---
122
With an annual addition of ~8 GW, offshore capacity is expected to reach 58.8 GW by 2025. Thereafter, it is 
expected to grow annually by 20 per cent. on average, bringing the global installed capacity to ~160 GW in 
2030.
Currently, most offshore wind farms are in Europe, which today makes up approximately 95 per cent. of the 
total market. Europe is expected to continue growing at strong double-digit rates towards 2030, thus upholding 
the position as the largest offshore wind market in the world with an expected share of the global installed 
capacity of ~60 per cent. in 2030.
However, new markets in Asia Pacific and North America are expected to follow with rapid growth. Asia Pacific 
is expected to grow at an average annual growth rate of 56 per cent. towards 2030. North America is also 
expected to grow significantly, with installed capacity expected to increase given the more favourable political 
momentum, from 42 MW in 2020 to ~30 GW by 2030.
The strong growth in offshore wind can be attributed to the significant reduction in costs. From 2012 to end-
2021, the levelized cost of electricity for newly commissioned generation capacity in North-western Europe 
was reduced by approximately 65 per cent., and it is expected to decrease further going forward. 
Sources for the information in this section: Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) H2 2021 offshore wind 
market outlook, H2 2021 LCOE update
Onshore wind
The global onshore wind market shows strong growth as the installed capacity reached 424 GW in 2020, up 
from 205 GW in 2012, growing at 10 per cent. annually. The global market is forecasted to more than double 
by 2030.
Europe reached 179 GW installed capacity in 2020 (42 per cent. of the global onshore capacity) and is forecasted 
to grow to 367 GW by 2030. Another key market is North America with 134 GW 2020 (32 per cent. of the 
global onshore capacity) and is expected to grow to 227 GW of build-out by 2030. Asia Pacific is also growing 
significantly: while it accounted for 55 GW at the end of 2020 (13 per cent. of the global onshore capacity), it 
is expected to reach 158 GW by 2030. South America and Africa constituted the remaining 13 per cent. of 
market in 2020 with 56 GW and are also expected to pick up in capacity towards 2030, reaching 203 GW of 
build-out.
Onshore wind is the most cost-competitive renewable energy resource, with the lowest levelised cost of 
electricity in the U.S. in 2021. North America is expected to continue its growth trajectory within onshore wind 
and almost double its capacity by 2030. In the short term, it will be key for project developers to secure 
production tax credits (“PTCs”), but towards 2030 onshore developers are expected to increasingly compete 
on pure price with no significant government support.
Sources for the information in this section: Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) New Energy Outlook 2021, 
H2 2021 LCOE update, Production tax credit
Solar PV
Solar PV has witnessed the fastest growth in recent years among the renewable technologies with the global 
capacity growing annually by 23 per cent. from 2012 to 2020, reaching 518 GW in end-2020. This strong 
growth is expected to continue towards 2030, with 1,555 GW installed capacity expected by 2030 and driven 
by an annual growth rate of 12 per cent. Large-scale solar PV, with a power capacity greater than 1 MW, 
represented 66 per cent. of the total capacity in 2020, while small-scale solar PV, typically for residential use 
with a 5kW power capacity, is expected to catch up towards 2030, reaching a share of 42 per cent. of cumulative 
solar PV installations.

--- Page 123 ---
123
Both North America and Asia Pacific are expected to triple their installed capacity from 2020 to 2030, going 
respectively from 90 and 158 GW in end-2020 to 247 and 477 GW by 2030. Europe will also see a significant 
growth, doubling capacity from 152 GW in end-2020 to 379 GW by 2030. Lastly, South America and Africa
are expected to triple their solar base mainly driven by large-scale panel installation, reaching 452 GW build-
out in 2030.
By the end of 2021, solar PV is one of the cheapest sources of electricity in Europe and North America and 
second only to onshore wind. Key drivers supporting cost reductions are scale, material savings partly driven 
by less waste, and technological innovation including increased modularisation and higher solar cell 
efficiencies. 
Sources for the information in this section: Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) New Energy Outlook 2021, 
Wood Mackenzie.
Energy storage
As the share of intermittent renewable sources is increasing in the global energy mix, the need for more dynamic 
dispatchable units to store energy and support rapid load-shifting is also growing. Battery storage will 
increasingly play an important role in supporting the flexibility of the energy system, by enabling ancillary grid 
services and end-customer services.
Global energy storage is expected to rise significantly over the next decade. In 2020, it had grown by 59 per 
cent. yearly from 2018, reaching 10 GW. The market is expected to largely accelerate this growth trajectory and 
reach 119 GW build-out by 2030.
Today, most of the capacity (56 per cent.) is developed for large-scale with the remaining 44 per cent. for small-
scale storage. Large-scale storage systems (more than 1 MW) primarily provide services directly to the grid, 
while small-scale storage systems typically provide end-customer services.
A key driver for the strong outlook is the decreasing cost of lithium-ion battery packs. Between 2010 and 2017, 
prices fell by 80 per cent., while going forward further cost reductions are expected, supported by economies 
of scale from increasing battery manufacturing capacity.
Sources for the information in this section: Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) New Energy Outlook 2021.
Renewable hydrogen and green fuels
Renewable hydrogen and green fuels will be key elements of the future energy system, increasingly replacing 
conventional hydrogen and fossil-based fuels and enabling the decarbonisation of hard-to-abate sectors such as 
heavy transport and heavy industry.
Global forecasts indicate that global electrolyser capacity will grow significantly: while globally installed 
capacity at end-2021 was less than 1 GW, the market is expected to at least double during 2022, driven by more 
stringent net-zero emissions and carbon neutrality targets in Europe and China. 
While the market is expected to grow rapidly towards 2030, the magnitude of this growth is still difficult to 
predict. Based on currently announced electrolyser projects by developers, hydrogen electrolyser capacity 
including China will reach ~40 GW buildout by 2030, while national country targets account for more than 70 
GW capacity and IRENA even estimates a market size of 100 GW in 2030.
Across all scenarios, key factors that will drive the build-out towards 2030 include the increasing number of 
companies in hard-to-abate-sectors initiating decarbonisation efforts, new hydrogen strategies and increasing 
subsidies across countries, and generalised industry investments on the hydrogen and green fuel supply and 
production infrastructure.

--- Page 124 ---
124
Sources for the information in this section: Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) Hydrogen Production 
Database (January 2022), Hydrogen Council Target, IRENA Segments
Segments
Commercial, Offshore
Ørsted, with more than 25 years of experience, is currently the global market leader in offshore wind5 and had 
by the end of January 2021 installed more than 1,550 offshore wind turbines. Offshore wind is Ørsted’s core 
business and continues to be a key strategic priority. Ørsted is currently engaged in developing, constructing, 
operating and maintaining offshore wind farms in Denmark, the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands, 
Taiwan, the United States Poland, Japan, South Korea and Vietnam.
Offshore’s main strategy
Ørsted’s main strategic focus for Offshore is to:

Maintain our market leadership in offshore wind with a targeted capacity of 30 GW in 2030;

Continue to pioneer new markets and develop a global business;

Continue to reduce the cost of electricity from offshore wind;

Implement operational excellence and innovation and digitalisation initiatives across the business; and

Leverage market leading partnership model for incremental value creation and risk diversification.
Major projects and activities in operation
As of the end of January 2022, Ørsted has installed offshore wind capacity of 7.6 GW in total, of which Ørsted 
has maintained ownership of 4.4 GW. According to the current build-out plan, the total installed capacity will 
increase to 9.8 GW by 2022 and 14.7 GW by 2025. In 2021, power generation from Ørsted’s offshore wind 
turbines amounted to 13.8 TWh compared to 15.2 TWh in 2020. The decrease is mainly due to lower wind 
speeds in 2021 compared to 2020.
In order to maintain its leading position in the market, it is of strategic importance for Ørsted to have a robust 
and balanced pipeline of offshore wind development projects and to construct, operate and maintain a portfolio 
of wind farms efficiently. Ørsted currently has a significant pipeline of offshore wind capacity under 
development across four regions: UK, Continental Europe, the United States and Asia Pacific.
Continental Europe and UK project development pipeline
In the United Kingdom, the Development Consent Order for the Hornsea 3 project was secured in December 
2020 making Ørsted eligible to participate in the CfD Allocation Round 4 with award expected in July 2022. 
The Hornsea 4 consent application has been accepted for examination and the project is expected to participate 
in the CfD Allocation Round 5 expected to open in Q2 2023.
In Poland, Ørsted reached a significant milestone by securing the CfD award for the Baltica 2 & 3 offshore 
wind farms in Poland. The projects contribute with up to 2.5 GW of new capacity to be developed by working 
in close partnership with the 50-50 joint venture partner PGE. The two projects are expected to be commissioned 
by 2027 and 2026, respectively, subject to FID. 
                                                       
5
As of end December 2021, Ørsted’s share of global installed capacity amounted to approximately 28 per cent. excluding mainland China 
(BNEF, 4C offshore, Ørsted analysis, December 2020). If a project is executed on behalf of a lead developer managing the construction, then 
100 per cent. of capacity is allocated to the lead developer. If construction is executed by an integrated joint venture, capacity is allocated in 
proportion to the joint venture share.

--- Page 125 ---
125
United States project pipeline
In 2019, Ørsted created the leading US offshore wind platform by merging the asset portfolios and competencies 
of Deepwater Wind and Ørsted US. Through the combined portfolio of projects, Ørsted has secured an offshore 
wind build-out portfolio on the US East Coast of approximately 5.0 GW to be completed between 2023 and
2029, subject to receiving project permit by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (“BOEM”) and FID’s.
In 2021, Ørsted was awarded two new offshore wind projects in the US, one in New Jersey and one in Maryland. 
In June, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities selected Ørsted’s Ocean Wind 2 project for a 20-year offshore 
wind renewable energy certificate (“OREC”) for an offshore wind farm with a capacity of 1,148MW. Subject 
to FID, the Ocean Wind 2 project is expected to be commissioned in 2029. In December, the Maryland Public 
Service Commission selected Ørsted’s Skipjack 2 project for a 20-year OREC for an offshore wind farm with 
a capacity of 846MW. Subject to FID, the Skipjack 2 project is expected to be commissioned in 2026.
The awarded US portfolio now comprise of the 1.8 GW North-East clusterowned and developed in joint venture 
with US utility Eversource (130 MW South Fork, 704 MW Revolution Wind and 924 MW Sunrise Wind 1 
deploying Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy (“SGRE”) 11 MW turbines) and the 3.2 GW Mid-Atlantic 
projects (1,100 MW Ocean Wind 1, 1,148 MW Ocean Wind 2, 120 MW Skipjack 1 and the 846 MW Skipjack 
2). The Ocean Wind 1 project is owned in joint venture between Ørsted (75 per cent.) and Public Service 
Enterprise Group (“PSEG”) (25 per cent.).
Late August 2021, BOEM released the Sunrise Wind NoI, which launched the formal environmental review for 
the project. All of our awarded US offshore development projects (except for the recently awarded Ocean Wind 
2 and Skipjack 2 projects) have now received the NoI’s. 
In September 2021, Ørsted together with our long-time partner PSEG, submitted strategic proposals for the 
offshore wind transmission solicitation to integrate upcoming offshore wind farms into the state’s energy grid. 
The outcome of the solicitation is expected in the second half of 2022.
Asia Pacific project development pipeline
In the price auction in June 2018, Ørsted was awarded a 920 MW for its Greater Changhua 2b and 4 projects. 
Subject to Ørsted taking FID, these two projects are expected to be connected to the grid in 2025. In July 2020, 
Ørsted and TSCM, the world’s largest semiconductor foundry based in Taiwan, signed the world’s largest-ever 
renewables CPPA where Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (“TSMC”) will offtake the full 
production from the 920 MW Greater Changhua 2b & 4 Offshore Wind Farms for 20 years at fixed prices. It is 
Ørsted’s expectation to participate with its remaining approximately 600 MW Greater Changhua 3 project in 
future auction rounds for offshore wind capacity in Taiwan.
In May, Ørsted signed a MoU with South-Korean company POSCO Group to support the development of the 
1.6GW offshore wind projects off the coast of Incheon City, and conduct feasibility studies on a potential 
collaboration on renewable hydrogen.
In September, Ørsted signed a MoU with T&T Group, a leading Vietnamese cross-industry company, to launch 
a strategic collaboration on offshore wind in Vietnam. The collaboration between Ørsted and T&T brings 
together a multi-GW pipeline of greenfield offshore wind projects located off the coasts of the Binh Thuan and 
Ninh Thuan provinces.
Construction pipeline
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ørsted has four offshore wind projects under construction which all are 
on time and on budget:

In September 2017, Ørsted was awarded a CfD contract for the 1.3 GW Hornsea 2 offshore wind farm 
in the United Kingdom. In February 2018, Ørsted signed a contract with SGRE for delivery of its 8 MW

--- Page 126 ---
126
turbines for the project. First power was reached in December 2021 and commissioning of the wind farm 
is expected in the first half of 2022 at which point it will be the world’s largest offshore wind farm.

In April 2018, Ørsted was awarded 900 MW of grid capacity in the first Taiwanese non-price-based grid 
allocation for its Greater Changhua 1 and 2a projects. FID was taken by Ørsted in April 2019 and the 
project is expected to be completed in the second half of 2022.

The South Fork project was acquired by Ørsted as part of the Deepwater Wind transaction. FID was 
taken by Ørsted on 1 February 2022 and the 130 MW project is expected to be completed in the second 
half of 2023.

In April 2017 and April 2018, Ørsted was awarded a total capacity of 1,142 MW in the German North 
Sea. The capacity was originally awarded to 5 development projects (Borkum Riffgrund West 1, Borkum 
Riffgrund West 2, OWP West, Gode Wind 3 and Gode Wind 4) through the two transitional German 
offshore wind auctions. Later, the 5 projects were combined into two projects; Borkum Riffgrund 3 with 
an installed capacity of 913 MW and Gode Wind 3 with an installed capacity of 253 MW (total capacity 
of 1,166 MW). FID was taken by Ørsted in December 2021 and the projects are expected to be completed 
by 2024/2025. The Borkum Riffgrund 3 project was won with a zero-subsidy bid hence the project’s 
revenue is subject to electricity price fluctuations. This capacity in Germany is the only subsidy free 
capacity currently secured in Ørsted’s offshore wind portfolio. First steps in de-risking the project was 
taken in December 2019 with signing of a fixed price CPPA with Covestro AG (the capacity of the CPPA 
is 100 MW) and as of end of January 2021, Ørsted has signed a total CPPA volume on the Borkum 
Riffgrund 3 project of 786MW.
Ørsted has successfully applied its partnership model for the purpose of extracting value from its projects and/or 
diversifying risks by divesting ownership interests to long-term industrial and financial investors. As part of the 
FID on the Changhua 1 & 2a projects, Ørsted decided to pursue a farm-down of the Changhua 1 project and 
the 50 per cent. divestment to CDPQ and Cathay Private Equity Co. Ltd. Co. is now closed. In addition, Ørsted 
closed an agreement in April 2021 with PSEG, which acquired 25 per cent. of the Ocean Wind 1 project. 
Furthermore, in May 2021, Ørsted signed an agreement with Norges Bank Investment Management to divest 
50 per cent. of the 752 MW Dutch offshore wind farm Borssele 1&2. As part of the agreement, Ørsted will 
provide operations and maintenance services (“O&M”) and energy balancing services for the wind farm. In 
October, Ørsted signed an agreement with Glennmont Partners who will be acquiring a 50 per cent. ownership 
share in Borkum Riffgrund 3. Ørsted may also decide to farm-down other of its fully-owned projects
Offshore wind farms in operation
As of the end of January 2022, Ørsted owns 28 offshore wind farms in operation and four offshore wind farms 
under construction. The capacity and commercial operational date of the operational wind farms are listed 
below:
Table 4: Overview of Ørsted’s operating offshore wind farms
Offshore wind farms
Country & equity share
Installed capacity 
Ørsted share (MW)
Commercial
Operational Date
O&M
Service Provider
Nysted 
Denmark – 42.75%
166
2003
Ørsted
Horns Rev 1 
Denmark – 40%
160
2003
Vattenfall

--- Page 127 ---
127
Offshore wind farms
Country & equity share
Installed capacity 
Ørsted share (MW)
Commercial
Operational Date
O&M
Service Provider
Avedøre Holme 
Denmark – 100%
11
2009/2011
SGRE
Horns Rev 2 
Denmark – 100%
209
2010
Ørsted
Anholt 
Denmark – 50%
400
2013
Ørsted
London Array 
United Kingdom – 25%
315
2013
London Array Ltd., 
SGRE, James Fisher
West of Duddon Sands
United Kingdom – 50%
389
2014
Ørsted
Walney 1
United Kingdom –
50.1%
184
2011
Ørsted
Walney 2 
United Kingdom –
50.1%
184
2012
Ørsted
Lincs 
United Kingdom – 25%
-
2013
Ørsted
Westermost Rough
United Kingdom – 50%
210
2015
Ørsted
Gunfleet Sands 1 
United Kingdom –
50.1%
108
2010
Ørsted
Gunfleet Sands 2 
United Kingdom –
50.1%
65
2010
Ørsted
Barrow 
United Kingdom –
100%
45
2006
Ørsted
Burbo Bank 
United Kingdom –
100%
90
2007
Ørsted
Gunfleet Sands Demo 
United Kingdom –
100%
12
2013
Ørsted
Burbo Bank Extension
United Kingdom – 50%
259
2017
Ørsted
Race Bank 
United Kingdom – 50%
546
2018
Ørsted

--- Page 128 ---
128
Offshore wind farms
Country & equity share
Installed capacity 
Ørsted share (MW)
Commercial
Operational Date
O&M
Service Provider
Walney Extension(3)
United Kingdom – 50%
330
2018
Ørsted
Walney Extension(4) 
United Kingdom – 50%
329
2018
Ørsted
Hornsea 1 
United Kingdom – 50%
1,218
2019
Ørsted
Borkum Riffgrund 1 
Germany – 50%
312
2015
Ørsted
Borkum Riffgrund 2 
Germany – 50%
450
2018
Ørsted
Gode Wind 1 
Germany – 50%
332
2016
Ørsted
Gode Wind 2 
Germany – 50%
252
2016
Ørsted
Borssele 1&2
Netherlands – 50%
752
2020
Ørsted
Block Island 
United States – 100%
30
2016
Long-term partnership 
with the OEM
Coastal Virginia 
United States – 0% 
(EPC)
0 (12MW as EPC 
contractor)
2020
SGRE
Formosa I, Phase I & II 
Taiwan – 35%
45
2017 & 2019
Long-term partnership 
with the OEM
An overview of Ørsted’s operational offshore wind farms and projects under constructions, including details 
about turbine type, partners and subsidy schemes can be accessed through the “Our business” section on 
Ørsted’s website https://orsted.com/en/Our-business/Offshore-wind.
Allocation of offshore wind capacity
The allocation of offshore wind projects typically takes place through a public procurement process, organised 
as an auction or a tender. In auctions, project developers compete with one or more of their own developed 
projects. The auction system is prevalent in countries such as the United Kingdom, the United States, and to 
some extent Taiwan. Bid price is often the only award criterion, however increasingly more weight is given to 
local content by authorities when evaluating auction bids.
In tenders, which is the allocation process applied in Denmark, the Netherlands, France and going forward also 
in Germany (which historically favoured the auction method), the regulatory authority carries out most 
development activities such as site investigations on wind, seabed and environmental conditions for preselected 
sites. For project developers who prequalify to bid, tender processes typically require lower up-front 
investments than auction processes, and the risk for project owners of not obtaining the necessary permissions 
is also lower. In a tender process, the project is typically awarded to the bidder offering the lowest cost, however 
other reward criteria such as local content requirements may apply.

--- Page 129 ---
129
Other developments Offshore Segment
United Kingdom
In March, Ørsted divested the offshore transmission assets at Hornsea 1 to Diamond Transmission Partners 
(“DTP”) at a total asset value of GBP 1.2 billion (100 per cent.). Hornsea 1 is located off the east coast of the 
UK and is, to date, the largest offshore wind farm in the world with a capacity of 1.2GW. As part of the 
agreement, Ørsted will provide long-term O&M services to DTP.
In July 2021, Ørsted entered into a joint venture agreement with BlueFloat Energy and Falck Renewables Spa
to bid for large-scale floating wind projects in Scotland. The joint venture company is owned on an equal 
ownership basis and demonstrates Ørsted’s commitment to floating wind. In January 2022, this BlueFloat joint
venture was selected by Crown Estate Scotland to enter into an option agreement for a floating wind site off the 
north-east coast of Scotland.
Continental Europe
In March, Ørsted signed a CPPA with the Danish based corporation Danfoss, which will offtake part of the 
renewable power generation from the 209MW offshore wind farm Horns Rev 2 in Denmark. The CPPA is 
Ørsted’s first for an offshore wind farm coming out of subsidy and shows the potential of late-life assets to 
secure stable revenue. 
In April, Ørsted entered a partnership with the Danish pension fund ATP with the intention to participate in the 
upcoming auction for the Danish energy island in the North Sea. Together with ATP, Ørsted would like to build 
on the strong industrial and financial competences and contribute to the development of the green 
transformation and renewable energy infrastructure in Denmark. In September, the partnership brought three 
world-leading industrial construction experts to support the bids: Danish based Aarsleff, French based 
Bouygues, and Dutch based Van Oord.
In April, Ørsted signed a MoU with Enefit, a leading utility company in the Baltics, to collaborate on developing 
offshore wind energy in the Baltic states. The collaboration offers a green path forward for decarbonising the 
Baltic countries and the ambition is to deliver large-scale offshore renewable energy before 2030. Ørsted further 
intends to establish a joint venture with Enefit for the development of up to 2GW offshore wind opportunities, 
including the Liivi offshore wind project in the Estonian part of the Gulf of Riga.
In June, Ørsted joined forces with Norwegian corporates Fred. Olsen Renewables and Hafslund Eco to 
participate in Norway’s upcoming application round for offshore seabed leases. The Norwegian government 
has appointed two lease areas with a potential capacity of up to 4.5GW across the two areas, and the consortium 
will be applying for seabed leases in both areas with the aim of delivering both bottom-fixed and floating 
offshore wind power.
In September, Ørsted signed strategic volume contracts with Danish based Bladt Industries and German based 
Steelwind Nordenham who will be supplying monopile foundations for our German offshore wind farms Gode 
Wind 3 and Borkum Riffgrund 3. The two suppliers will be manufacturing a total of 107 monopile foundations 
for the German projects, including the foundation for the offshore substation for Gode Wind 3. In addition, 
Ørsted has secured call-off rights with Bladt and Steelwind for further volume for other projects, if needed. 
In September, Ørsted signed a 10-year CPPA with REWE Group to buy the output of 100MW of the Borkum 
Riffgrund 3 offshore wind farm’s export capacity which is set to become operational in 2025.
In October, Ørsted and ZE PAK joined forces to participate in the upcoming auction for seabed leases in the 
Polish part of the Baltic Sea. If successful in the lease auction, the partners intend to jointly bid into Poland’s 
future offshore wind CfD auctions planned for 2025 and 2027.

--- Page 130 ---
130
In November, Ørsted submitted bids in a Danish offshore wind tender, however the winner was decided by 
draw and Ørsted was not awarded any capacity. 
In November, BASF and Ørsted have concluded a 25-year fixed-price CPPA, under which BASF will offtake 
the output of 186 MW from Ørsted’s Borkum Riffgrund 3 project in the German North Sea. Furthermore, Ørsted 
entered into a 12-year CPPA with Google, under which Google will offtake 50 MW of Ørsted’s Borkum 
Riffgrund 3 project. 
In December, Ørsted signed a CPAA with Amazon, who will offtake 100 MW from Ørsted's Borkum Riffgrund 
3 Offshore Wind Farm. This CPPA is in addition to the 250 MW CPPA signed in December 2020, meaning that 
Amazon will offtake a total of 350 MW from Borkum Riffgrund 3. 
North America
In March, Ørsted signed an agreement with EEW for development of the Paulsboro foundation production 
facility in New Jersey as part of our local content commitments for Ocean Wind 1.
In June, Ørsted entered an agreement with Dominion Energy to charter Dominion Energy’s Charybdis, the first 
Jones Act-qualified offshore wind turbine installation vessel in the U.S., for the construction of the Revolution 
Wind and Sunrise Wind offshore wind farms in the Northeast.
Asia Pacific
In May, Ørsted submitted three bids in Japan’s first-ever auction for bottom-fixed offshore wind projects. One 
bid was with TEPCO in the Choshi lease zone located off the east coast of the Chiba prefecture. The two other 
bids are with JWD and Eurus Energy (partnership formed in May) for projects located off the west coast of the 
Akita prefecture. While Ørsted was not successful in the auction, offshore wind remains a key pillar in Japan’s 
future energy supply and with a target of up to 45GW by 2040, Japan continues to be an important market for 
Ørsted.
Renewable Hydrogen
Renewable hydrogen and green fuels are the most recently component of Ørsted’s global growth platform. 
Ørsted sees enormous potential in using renewable hydrogen and green fuels to decarbonise hard-to-abate 
sectors. Towards 2030, Ørsted will execute on and expand our strong project pipeline
In March, Ørsted joined forces with Yara, ArcelorMittal, and North Sea Port and other partners to form the
SeaH2land project. The project entails a vision to decarbonise the production of ammonia and steel in the 
Netherlands and Belgium and will be carried out by building the world’s largest renewable hydrogen plant 
powered by offshore wind.
In May, construction work started at the demonstration project H2RES which will produce renewable hydrogen 
for road transport from power generated by Ørsted’s two 3.6MW offshore wind turbines at Avedøre Holme, 
Denmark. H2RES will have an electrolyser capacity of 2MW and will be Ørsted’s first renewable hydrogen 
project to reach operation. 
In May, Ørsted entered into an agreement with Danish energy distribution company HOFOR to source 
renewable power for the next phases of the Green Fuels for Denmark project from their 250MW offshore wind 
farm Aflandshage in the Southern part of the Øresund straight between Sweden and Denmark, which is expected 
to deliver first power in 2024/2025. Green Fuels for Denmark is uniting some of the strongest partners in the 
Danish transport and energy sector to fulfil Denmark’s ambitious vision for a large-scale production of 
renewable hydrogen and fuels. The project has a potential capacity of 1.3GW, abating up to 850,000 tonnes of 
carbon emissions.

--- Page 131 ---
131
In September, the OYSTER project consortium comprising Ørsted, ITM Power, Siemens Gamesa and Element 
Energy selected Grimsby as the location for the offshore hydrogen project. The project will lead the offshore 
deployment analysis and feasibility study and contribute to the design of the electrolyser system.
In January 2022, Ørsted and Liquid Wind AB reached an agreement, under which Ørsted will acquire a 45 per 
cent. ownership share of Liquid Wind AB’s FlagshipONE e-methanol project. FlagshipONE is a late-stage 
development project and could become the world’s first large-scale sustainable e-methanol project. Liquid Wind 
AB plans to establish a series of facilities across Sweden to decarbonise the maritime sector, of which 
FlagshipONE will be the first.
Risk management
Ørsted has a clear goal of hedging its merchant power price exposures from its offshore wind projects, including 
any un-subsidised projects, through corporate and wholesale long-term CPPAs as well as other financial risk 
mitigating structures – see the section Risk Management of the Group below for further information on Ørsted’s 
risk management policies. 
Many corporate customers are interested in greener, cost efficient and more innovative energy solutions. To 
address this demand, the market for CPPAs has experienced considerable growth. Despite remaining a small 
share of the total downstream power market, the global market for CPPAs reached 102 GW through November 
2021, up from only 9 GW in 2015. As customers pursue more sustainable solutions, 47 per cent. of the CPPAs 
are sourced from wind and 53 per cent. from solar energy6.
CPPAs play an important role in developing the green transformation as it enables the green power producers 
and business customers to reach their sustainability goals and at the same time offer risk management tools.
Commercial, Bioenergy
Bioenergy’s core activities are producing and selling district heating, power and ancillary services relating to 
Ørsted’s Danish portfolio of thermal power plants. District heating is sold on long term contracts to Danish 
district heating distribution companies. Power is traded on the wholesale market via NordPool, the Nordic 
power exchange. Ancillary services are offered and sold through various Danish and Nordic market platforms 
managed by Energinet.
Ørsted is the largest producer of heat and power in Denmark. Ørsted’s thermal power generation in 2021 
amounted to 6.9 TWh, while heat generated and delivered to Danish households and industries amounted to 7.9 
TWh in 2021. This corresponds to approximately 19 per cent.7 of Danish district heating supplied while the 
power generated at Ørsted’s facilities amounted to approximately 16 per cent.8 of Danish power production. 
Ørsted’s portfolio of thermal power plants uses primarily biomass to generate heat and power, but also coal, 
natural gas and to some extend gas oil and fuel oil.
Table 5: Fuels used in thermal heat and power generation
Million GJ
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
Biomass ...........................................................
54
34
38
38
38
Coal .................................................................
20
16
14
30
26
Natural gas.......................................................
3
4
7
10
24
Oil....................................................................
1
1
1
1
1
                                                       
6
Sources for the information: Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF), Corporate PPA deal tracker, New Energy Outlook November 2021. 
7
Source: total heating net production from energistatistik 2020 (Energistryrelsen)
8
Source: total power net production from energistatistik 2020 (Energistryrelsen)

--- Page 132 ---
132
Million GJ
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
Total................................................................
78
55
60
79
89
Bioenergy’s key assets in Denmark are seven large scale combined heat- and power plants (CHPs) plus the 
H.C. Ørsted and Svanemøllen power plants in Copenhagen, Denmark, which primarily produces heat and the 
Kyndby plant, a peak load power plant. In table 6 the power and heat capacities are listed for the individual 
plants and units.
Table 6: Total and bio converted capacities for CHP’s (December 2021)
Total capacity
Bio converted capacity
Unit
Power capacity (MW)
Heat + steam capacity 
(MJ/s)
Power capacity (MW)
Heat + steam capacity 
(MJ/s)
Avedøre
Unit 1(1).........................
258
MW
370
MJ/s
258
MW
370
MJ/s
Unit 2............................
548
MW
583
MJ/s
412
MW
503
MJ/s
Studstrup
Unit 3(1).........................
362
MW
513
MJ/s
362
MW
513
MJ/s
Skærbæk
Unit 3(2).........................
390
MW
579
MJ/s
93
MW
330
MJ/s
Asnæs
Unit 6(3).........................
26
MW
125
MJ/s
26
MW
125
MJ/s
Esbjerg
Unit 3............................
373
MW
444
MJ/s
—
MW
—
MJ/s
Herning.........................
88
MW
191
MJ/s
77
MW
191
MJ/s
Kyndby
Unit 21..........................
260
MW
—
MJ/s
—
MW
—
MJ/s
Unit 22/Unit 41+51+52.
260/144
MW
—
MJ/s
—
MW/MW
—
MJ/s
Masnedø .......................
70
MW
—
MJ/s
—
MW
—
MJ/s
H.C. Ørsted
Unit 7............................
44
MW
143
MJ/s
—
MW
—
MJ/s
Unit 8............................
21
MW
94
MJ/s
—
MW
—
MJ/s
Unit 21+22....................
—
MW
199
MJ/s
—
MW
—
MJ/s
Svanemøllen .................
—
MW
256
MJ/s
—
MW
—
MJ/s
Total.............................
2,844
MW
3,497
MJ/s
1,228
MW
2,032
MJ/s
Notes:
(1)
AVV1 and SSV3 were bio converted in 2016, but until 2023 it is possible to use a mix of biomass and coal on the units.
(2)
Contains SKV3 and SKV40.
(3)
Asnæs unit 6 was commissioned 1 March 2020.

--- Page 133 ---
133
Ørsted has decided that by 2023, coal will be phased out entirely as fuel for Ørsted’s thermal power plants, and 
Ørsted has already converted most of its CHP plants from fossil fuels to sustainable biomass, see Table 6 above 
for bio converted capacities.
The power generated by Ørsted in Denmark is sold on the Nordic power exchange Nord Pool. Therefore, an 
important driver behind the profitability of Bioenergy’s operations is the supply-demand balance in the Nordic 
region, which depends on factors such as wind capacity and levels, the volume of water in reservoirs for the 
Norwegian and Swedish hydro-power capacity, and temperature. 
The power prices have been historically high throughout 2021 – especially in the second half. This development 
is in stark contrast to the development of previous years where market conditions have generally deteriorated. 
It has naturally led to an increased focus on power generation which now provides a very significant source of 
income for Bioenergy. 
Heat generation remains an important business segment. It is sold primarily to municipal district heating 
companies under long term contracts which ensures stable offtake of heat from all heat-producing plants. Table 
7 shows the length of the heat contracts for all CHPs. The heat contracts cover the full lifetime of the plants. 
Ørsted’s earnings from heat sales comprise several elements. Overall, the heating companies pay a variable and 
a fixed price for the heat. The variable heat price is dependent on the fuel prices and ensures that the heating 
companies cover the fuel costs related to the heat production. The fixed heat price consists primarily of the heat 
companies’ share of CAPEX9, their share of OPEX10 and compensation for forced operation11. As a result, the 
heat contracts ensure both Ørsted’s heat sale through long-term offtake contracts and that costs related to heat 
production are split with the heating companies. However, the risk for Ørsted relating to weather conditions 
remains, as heat demand depends on temperatures which can vary.
Table 7: Heat contract periods for CHP’s
Unit
First year of 
operation
Year of lifetime 
extension or bio 
conversion
Current heat 
contracts
Avedøre
Unit 1 ...................................................
1990
2016
2016-2033
Unit 2 ...................................................
2002
—
2015-2027
Studstrup
Unit 3 ...................................................
1984
2016
2016-2030
Unit 4 ...................................................
1985
2016-2022(1)
Skærbæk
Unit 3 ...................................................
1997
2017
2017-2037
Asnæs
Unit 6 ...................................................
2019(1)
2019
2019-2039
Esbjerg
Unit 3 ...................................................
1992
—
2019(2)
                                                       
9
E.g. CAPEX related to bio conversions or lifetime extension of the plants.
10 Fixed costs related to operation and maintenance of the plants.
11 In situations with very low power prices where it is not profitable for Ørsted to produce power, but where it is necessary to produce power to 
meet the heat demand.

--- Page 134 ---
134
Unit
First year of 
operation
Year of lifetime 
extension or bio 
conversion
Current heat 
contracts
Herning.................................................
1982
2009
2019-2033
Kyndby
Unit 21..................................................
1974
2007
—
Unit 22..................................................
1976
2008
—
H.C. Ørsted...........................................
1985
2006
2015-2034
Svanemøllen .........................................
1994
2008
2015-2026
Notes:
(1)
Last operation for Studstrup Unit 4 is March 2022.
(2)
Last operation for Esbjerg is March 2023.
Ørsted remains focused on ensuring a flexible and efficient operation of its heat and power plants and on helping 
to achieve a balance in the Danish energy system following the expansion of wind- and solar-generation 
capacity on the national level. This includes a continuous optimisation of Ørsted’s power plant portfolio. Ørsted 
is simultaneously, far in the process of shifting from coal and natural gas to sustainable biomass with the last 
coal-driven plant, Esbjerg, being taken out of commission after the first quarter of 2023.
Ørsted also continues to pursue new growth opportunities in the bioenergy sector. Renescience is one such 
example where Ørsted is working towards commercialising the patented innovative enzymatic waste treatment 
technology. The first full-scale commercial Renescience plant in Northwich in the United Kingdom has 
processed waste since 2020. Other initiatives for the Bioenergy business includes Carbon Capture; the process 
of capturing CO2 from emissions when burning fuel and Power-to-X, the process of converting power from 
renewable sources into energy carriers.
Commercial, Markets
Wholesale
The Wholesale business operates in North-Western Europe and manages the Group’s overall energy portfolio
in Europe, executes the Group’s commodity hedge strategies and sells parts of the physical energy production 
to the market. It also provides similar services to partners on Ørsted’s offshore projects and other external 
parties to increase earnings while utilising its existing resources. 
The Markets business also has a portfolio of legacy natural gas sourcing contracts, including contracts for 80 
per cent. of the Danish Underground Consortium’s production from the Danish North Sea delivered in Denmark 
(until 2042) and for 18 TWh of gas delivered annually in Germany (until 2031) from other sources, as well as 
several biogas sourcing contracts ranging in length from 1 to 15 years and with annual volumes of up to 0.4 
TWh.
The Markets business also has a portfolio of longer-term capacity agreements for partly owned and leased 
natural gas storage facilities. The most significant of these are located in Germany and relate to annual volumes 
of 3.5 TWh at Etzel (until 2026), 1.3 TWh at Nüttermoor (until 2023) and 0.5 TWh at Bergermeer (until 2023).
Markets also sells power and gas to wholesale and B2B customers in Denmark and Sweden.

--- Page 135 ---
135
Markets main strategy
Markets provides route-to-market services for Ørsted’s product portfolio as it brings Ørsted’s power, gas and 
green certificates to market, while also managing the risk profile of Ørsted’s energy commodity portfolio. 
Ørsted’s main strategic focus for Markets is to:

Provide an efficient route-to-market for Ørsted and third-parties by offering services such as power 
balancing and green certificates trading

Manage market risk for Ørsted’s energy portfolio through commodity trading and other risk management 
activities; and

Optimise Ørsted’s natural gas portfolio
2021 saw unusual volatility in energy prices. In February, Texas was subject to an unprecedented winter storm
accompanied by surging power prices as conventional and renewable power capacity failed under the tough 
conditions, and the European energy crunch in the last part of the year with extremely high and volatile gas and 
power prices, which was also partly caused by weather conditions – see the “Risk Management of the Group”
section below and the “Extraordinary market conditions” section on pages 5-6 in Ørsted’s Annual Report 2021.
Major projects and activities in operation
Power sales: Markets sale of power totalled 8.8 TWh for 2021.
Natural gas sales: In 2021, Markets physical natural gas sales totalled 61.3 TWh, of which 18.6 TWh was sold 
to end customers and 42.7 TWh was sold to wholesale customers and gas hubs.
Gas sourcing and supply: Some long-term gas sourcing and sales contracts include clauses which give the right 
to renegotiate the fixed sale or purchase prices. For the financial year 2021, Ørsted’s financial result was 
positively impacted by the renegotiation of long-term gas contracts – see the “Results” section on page 37 of 
Ørsted’s Annual Report 2021.
Other activities - Danish oil and gas Infrastructure
Ørsted owns and operates offshore natural gas pipelines and oil infrastructure used by oil and gas producers in 
the North Sea. The upstream gas and oil pipelines enable the transportation of natural gas to Denmark and crude 
oil from fields on the Danish shelf to the oil terminal in Fredericia, Denmark. It has been decided that Ørsted 
shall on market terms seek to divest its Oil Pipeline Business and offshore gas pipeline activities to Energinet 
at an appropriate time.
Onshore
Ørsted entered into the U.S. onshore wind market through the acquisition of Lincoln Clean Energy (“LCE”) in 
October 2018. LCE was a U.S.-based developer, owner and operator of onshore wind and solar PV projects and 
is now integrated into Ørsted as the Onshore business segment that serves as Ørsted’s platform for creating a 
leading onshore renewables business spanning onshore wind, solar and energy storage, providing a strategic 
diversification to Ørsted’s asset portfolio. Onshore in the US was further strengthened in May 2019, through 
the acquisition of the solar and storage development activities of Coronal Project Development LLC.
In June 2021, Ørsted acquired Brookfield Renewable Ireland, an Ireland and UK onshore wind power platform 
with an operating wind project portfolio of 327 MW, 62 MW under construction, 165 MW of advanced 
development projects, and over 1 GW of projects under development. The acquisition marked Ørsted’s entry 
into the European onshore market and allows Ørsted to establish a platform of high-potential development 
projects that will contribute to our overall ambition. Since the Brookfield acquisition, systems and processes 
have been integrated and FID been taken on two projects that were in advanced development at the time of the 
acquisition.

--- Page 136 ---
136
The main form of U.S. federal support for onshore wind is the Production Tax Credit (“PTC”). These are tax 
credits for electricity generated by qualified energy resources for the first ten years of operation and are a 
significant component of the overall project economics of an onshore wind project in the U.S. 
For Solar PV projects, U.S. federal support is in the form of an Investment Tax Credit (“ITC”) which provides 
a direct tax credit based on a percentage of the eligible capital expenditures. 
In Ireland and the UK, government support for renewable energy is offered as revenue support through feed-in 
tariff support schemes, green certificates, contracts for difference and auctions.
Operational portfolio
At the end of 2021, Ørsted’s Onshore business had a total installed capacity of 3.4 GW consisting of onshore 
wind, solar and storage. This comprises nine large-scale onshore wind projects in the US, situated in Electric 
Reliability Council of Texas (“ERCOT”), Southwestern Power Pool (“SPP”), and Midcontinent Independent 
System Operator (“MISO”) markets, two large-scale solar and storage projects in the US, situated in ERCOT 
and State Electricity Regulatory Commission region, 17 onshore wind projects in Ireland and two onshore wind 
projects in the UK. 
Onshore has solid offtake counterparties across all projects, including, but not limited to CPPAs with Facebook, 
Amazon, Allianz and others; hedges with Bank of America Merrill Lynch (“BAML”); and renewable energy 
feed-in tariff contracts in Ireland and the UK ROCs. In the US, all of Ørsted’s onshore wind and solar projects 
benefit from PTCs or ITCs.
For the financial year 2021, power generation from Ørsted’s onshore assets amounted to 8.4 TWh.
Table 8. Onshore operating projects
Project name
Country
Technology
Region/
Market
Installed 
capacity 
(MW)
Commercial 
Operational 
Date
Turbines/
Panels
Tax Equity
Offtake 
Solution
Amazon Windfarm 
Texas (Dermott)..........
US
Onshore Wind
ERCOT
252
2017
110 GE/2.5 
MW
50% JP 
Morgan/50
% BAML
CPPA with 
Amazon and 
Iron 
Mountain
Willow Springs Wind.
US
Onshore Wind
ERCOT
250
2017
100 GE/2.5 
MW
50% 
BHE/50% 
BAML
Hedge with 
BAML
Tahoka Wind...............
US
Onshore Wind
ERCOT
300
2018
120 GE/2.5 
MW
100% BHE
Hedge with 
BAML
Lockett Wind ..............
US
Onshore Wind
ERCOT
184
2019
75 GE/2.45 
MW
100% BHE
PPA with 
Allianz
Sage Draw...................
US
Onshore Wind
ERCOT
338
2020
120 GE 2.82 
MW
100% BHE
CPPA with 
ExxonMobil
Plum Creek..................
US
Onshore Wind
SPP
230
2020
82 GE 2.8 
MW
100% BHE
CPPAs with 
Smucker 
Co, Avery 
Dennison 
and Vail 
Resorts
Willow Creek..............
US
Onshore Wind
SPP
103
2020
33 GE 2.3 / 
2.78 MW 
and 5 GE 
2.3 MW
100% BHE
PPA with 
NIMECA
Permian Energy 
Center ..........................
US
Solar + storage
ERCOT
420 PV + 
40 storage
2021
1.3 million 
panels
100% JP 
Morgan
CPPA with 
ExxonMobil
Western Trail ..............
US
Onshore Wind
ERCOT
367
2021
130 GE 2.82 
MW
100% BHE
CPPAs with 
PepsiCo,

--- Page 137 ---
137
Project name
Country
Technology
Region/
Market
Installed 
capacity 
(MW)
Commercial 
Operational 
Date
Turbines/
Panels
Tax Equity
Offtake 
Solution
Hormel 
Foods, 
Nucor
Muscle Shoals.............
US
Solar
SERC
227
2021
670 
thousand 
panels
100% Wells 
Fargo
PPA with 
TVA
Lincoln Land...............
US
Onshore Wind
MISO
302
2021
107 GE 2.82 
MW
70% BAML
30% GE 
EFS
CPPAs with 
Facebook, 
McDonald’s
Owenreagh 1 ...............
UK
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
2.5
1997
9 Zond Z40
N/A
ROC
Mienvee.......................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
0.9
2004
1 Vestas 
V52
N/A
REFIT I
Booltiagh 1..................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
18
2005
12 GE 1.5s
N/A
CPPA with 
Johnson & 
Johnson
Sorne 1.........................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
32
2006
16 Enercon 
E70
N/A
CPPA with 
Stryker
Gneeves .......................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
9.4
2006
11 Vestas 
V52
N/A
Merchant
Kilgarvan.....................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
45
2007
15 Vestas 
V90
N/A
CPPA with 
Johnson & 
Johnson
Knockawarriga 1.........
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
22.5
2008
9 Nordex 
N90
N/A
REFIT I
Owenreagh 2 ...............
UK
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
2.6
2008
6 Vestas 
V52
N/A
ROC
Sorne 2.........................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
6.9
2009
3 Enercon 
E70
N/A
REFIT I
Inchincoosh.................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
32.5
2009
13 Nordex 
N90
N/A
REFIT I
Sillahertane..................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
8.5
2009
10 Vestas 
V52
N/A
REFIT I
Flughland.....................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
9.2
2009
4 Enercon 
E70
N/A
REFIT I
Lisheen 1.....................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
36
2009
18 Vestas 
V90
N/A
REFIT I
Ballymartin..................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
6.9
2011
3 Enercon 
E82
N/A
REFIT I
Garracummer ..............
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
42.5
2013
17 Nordex 
N90
N/A
REFIT I
Lisheen 2.....................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
24
2013
12 Vestas 
V90
N/A
REFIT I
Smithstown..................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
8
2013
4 Enercon 
E82
N/A
REFIT II
Booltiagh 2..................
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
12
2013
6 Enercon 
E82
N/A
REFIT I
Knockawarriga 2.........
Ireland
Onshore Wind
I-SEM
7.5
2020
3 Nordex 
N90
N/A
REFIT II
Footnote:
GE EFS: GE Energy Financial Services, BAML: Bank of America Merrill Lynch, BHE: Berkshire Hathaway Energy, Alternating current (AC), TVA: 
Tennessee Valley Authority, I=SEM: Integrated Single Electricity Market

--- Page 138 ---
138
Pipeline
Ørsted has a robust pipeline of onshore projects and is targeting operational capacity of at least 17.5GW in 
aggregate by the end of 2030.
Ørsted has six Onshore projects under construction. In the US, Ørsted is constructing Haystack Wind, a 298 
MW wind project in Nebraska with an expected commercial operations date (“COD”) in Q1 2022. In November 
2020, Ørsted took FID on its largest solar PV project to date, the Old 300 project near Houston, Texas. The 430 
MWAC project is currently under construction and expected online in the fourth quarter 2022. Ørsted is also 
constructing Helena Energy Center in ERCOT, a 518 MWAC project comprised of co-located wind (268 MW) 
and solar (250 MWAC) assets. It is Ørsted’s largest US onshore project to date, first wind-solar hybrid energy 
center and is expected to reach COD in the second half of 2022.
In Europe, Ørsted is constructing Kennoxhead 1, a 62 MW onshore wind project in Scotland, with an expected 
COD in Q2 2022. In June 2021, Ørsted took FID on Lisheen 3, a 29 MW onshore wind project in Ireland, 
adjacent to Lisheen 1 & 2. Lisheen 3 is currently under construction and is expected to reach COD in the fourth 
quarter 2022. In December 2021, Ørsted took FID on Ballykeel, a 16 MW onshore wind project in Northern 
Ireland, with a target COD of the first quarter 2023.
US Markets and Revenue 
During 2021, the existing trading activities in the US, “US Markets and Revenue”, became part of the Onshore 
organisation. The team is tasked with managing various PPA exposures, such as location basis and firm 
volumetric obligations, as well as any merchant generation length. The US trading team will also manage all 
Offshore market exposures once those assets come online.
Finance and Liquidity
Anticipated Future Investments
Ørsted’s strategy is supported by a range of investment opportunities capitalising on core competencies within 
Ørsted’s business areas and new opportunities within the defined strategy. Ørsted’s investment portfolio 
consists both of projects which have been approved by the Board of Directors and projects that are still being 
considered for approval.
Ørsted expects to invest around DKK 350 billion in the period 2020-2027. The gross investments for 2022 are 
expected to amount to DKK 38-42 billion.
Currently, Ørsted’s investment programme is primarily related to:

substantial and continuing investments in the development, construction and maintenance of offshore 
wind projects in the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands, Denmark, Poland, North America and 
Asia;

investments in the development, construction and maintenance of onshore wind, Solar PV and energy 
storage projects in North America, Ireland and other countries and continents where Onshore conducts 
business;

investments in Bioenergy activities mainly comprising conversion of remaining coal fired plants; and

investments in new green value creating business opportunities including hydrogen.

--- Page 139 ---
139
Anticipated Divestments
Ørsted plans to make further divestments of ownership interests in wind farms being developed and constructed 
in addition to those previously completed to recycle investment capital into new projects or if viewed by Ørsted 
as value creating or risk reducing.
Liquidity and cash position
As at end December 2021, Ørsted’s total available liquidity reserve was DKK 43.2 billion, which consisted of 
cash and cash equivalents in the form of short-term bank deposits of DKK 8.6 billion, liquid assets in the form 
of securities, primarily liquid AAA-rated Danish mortgage bonds and, to a lesser extent, investment-grade 
corporate bonds, including hybrid bonds, of DKK 21.2 billion, less cash and securities not available for 
distribution (excluding repo loans) of DKK 15.0 billion. Ørsted’s liquidity reserve also includes undrawn 
committed credit facilities entered into with Ørsteds’ Nordic and international banks and banks in Taiwan of 
DKK 23.3 billion and undrawn loan commitments with banks making up DKK 5.0 billion as at end 2021.
For the purpose of ensuring an adequate liquidity reserve at all times, Ørsted has defined a minimum liquidity 
reserve requirement in line with rating agency requirements. In October 2021, Ørsted refinanced and increased 
its syndicated committed revolving credit facility from EUR 1.4 billion to EUR 2.0 billion with expiry date in 
October 2026. The facility has the participation of 17 Scandinavian and international banks. 
Ørsted’s investment policy for excess liquidity is focused on limiting Ørsted’s sensitivity to volatility in 
financial markets.
Funding of the Group Investments
Ørsted’s capital expenditures are generally financed through cash flow from operations, the proceeds from farm 
down of owner-share in power producing assets and debt financing raised from banks and the issuance of bonds 
and hybrid capital securities in debt capital markets. 
In 2017, Ørsted established its Green Bond Framework, which in April 2019 was updated to a Green Finance 
Framework thereby expanding the framework to also cover green bank loans and other types of debt 
instruments. Proceeds from securities issued by Ørsted labelled as “Green Bonds” or allocated to green energy 
projects will be applied in accordance with the Green Finance Framework. The Green Finance Framework sets 
out, amongst other things, the type of projects and investments that are eligible for proceeds raised from Green 
Bonds or green financing instruments, the process for selection and allocation of proceeds to green projects and 
how Ørsted will manage and report on the allocation and impact of its green bonds and financing instruments. 
Ørsted’s 
Green 
Finance 
Framework 
is 
available 
on 
Ørsted’s 
website 
at 
https://orsted.com/en/investors/debt/green-financing. 
Pursuant to the International Capital Markets Association’s Green Bond Principles 2018 recommendations, 
CICERO has issued a second-party opinion regarding Ørsted’s Green Finance Framework. The Green Finance 
Framework, the CICERO Opinion and associated reporting are available on Ørsted’s website www.orsted.com.
In addition to this, Ørsted complies with the requirements for use of proceeds and reporting established by the 
Taipei Exchange in relation to the TWD denominated green bonds issued in Taiwan by Ørsted or by Ørsted 
Wind backed by guarantees from Ørsted.
It is Ørsted’s policy to primarily finance the Group’s activities out of the Group parent company, Ørsted. 
However, in relation to entering new markets, Ørsted may to some extent take up local currency debt through 
a subsidiary, with such debt being backed by an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee from Ørsted. Currently, 
Ørsted A/S is guaranteeing the obligations of Ørsted Wind relating to the five senior bonds issued by it in 
Taiwan for an aggregate nominal amount of TWD 27 billion maturing between 2026 and 2040. Ørsted A/S is

--- Page 140 ---
140
also guaranteeing the obligations of Taiwan Orsted Financial Services Ltd. relating to the TWD 25 billion 5-
year revolving credit facility due in 2024 taken up by it with domestic banks in Taiwanese.
Furthermore, in support of the ratings of Ørsted Salg & Service A/S by Moody’s and Ørsted Wind by Taiwan 
Ratings, Ørsted has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed to any person with whom Ørsted Salg & Service 
A/S or Ørsted Wind, respectively, has transacted in the ordinary course of its business (for the purposes of this 
paragraph, a “Beneficiary”) all actual or contingent, present or future obligations and liabilities which are due, 
owed or payable by Ørsted Salg & Service A/S or Ørsted Wind to the Beneficiaries.
For the purposes of ranking creditors of Ørsted Wind pari passu with the creditors of Ørsted, Ørsted Wind has 
issued an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee, guaranteeing to any owner or investor in any senior bonds 
issued by Ørsted under its EUR 7,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme and other bond documentation (for 
the purposes of this paragraph, a “Beneficiary”) all actual or contingent, present or future obligations and 
liabilities which are due, owed or payable by Ørsted to the Beneficiaries including without limitation all 
principal, interest, fees, other costs and expenses incurred by the Beneficiaries. 
In connection with entering into new markets, Ørsted may deviate from its financing strategy and apply non-
recourse project financing on a case-by-case basis depending on the risk relating to a project, partner 
preferences, structuring possibilities or other factors.
As at the end of December 2021, Ørsted’s total interest-bearing debt made up DKK 60.4 billion including tax 
equity liabilities, lease liabilities and other interest bearing debt (DKK 78.3 billion including hybrid capital 
issues), while the total net interest-bearing debt was DKK 24.3 billion, which compares to DKK 44.4 billion 
(DKK 57.7 billion including hybrid capital issues) and DKK 12.3 billion, respectively, as at end of December 
2020.
Table 9 and 10 below shows the development in Ørsted’s gross debt and the maturity profile of the debt.
Table 9: Bank and bond debt development, Ørsted group
Year end
2018(2)
2019(2)
2020(1)
2021(1)
(DKK billion)
Bank loans including repo loans ................
3.6
3.5
1.9
16.3
Bonds issued.............................................
23.7
33.4
34.8
34.7
Gross bank and bond debt..........................
27.3
36.8
36.8
51.0
Hybrid capital...........................................
13.2
13.2
13.2
18.0
Notes:
(1)
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021.
(2)
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019.

--- Page 141 ---
141
Table 10: Debt maturity profile as at end-2021, Ørsted group
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026-2029
2030-2034
2035+
(DKK billion)
Bank loans (incl. repo’s)
15.7
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.5
0.0
0.0
Bonds issued.................
3.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
10.6
14.3
6.3
Total.............................
19.6
0.1
0.1
0.1
11.1
14.3
6.3
Credit Ratings
Ørsted is rated by Moody’s, S&P, Fitch and Taiwan Ratings. As at the date of this Base Prospectus:

Moody’s ratings were Baal for Ørsted’s corporate and senior debt ratings, and Baa3 for Ørsted’s hybrid 
capital securities (all ratings with stable outlook).12

Ørsted’s corporate and senior debt ratings from S&P were BBB+, and BB+ for Ørsted’s hybrid capital 
securities (all ratings with stable outlook).13

Fitch’s ratings were BBB+ for Ørsted’s corporate and senior debt ratings, and BBB- for Ørsted’s hybrid 
capital securities (all ratings with stable outlook).14

Moody’s has also provided a rating for Ørsted Salg & Service A/S, which as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus was Baa1 (stable outlook). 

Taiwan Ratings has provided Ørsted and Ørsted Wind with a long-term issuer credit rating which as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus was twAA (stable outlook)15.

AM Best Ratings provided Ørsted Insurance A/S with an individual financial rating which a of the date 
of this Base Prospectus was A- (stable outlook)16.
                                                       
12 Moody’s defines Baa1 and Baa3 for issuer’s as follows: Issuer’s or issues rated Baa represent average creditworthiness relative to other 
domestic issuers. Moody’s defines Baa for obligations as follows: Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to 
moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each 
generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating 
category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.
13 S&P defines BBB+ for issuer’s as follows: An obligor rated ‘BBB’ has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitments. S&P defines BBB for obligations as follows: An obligation rated ‘BBB’ exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, 
adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. S&P defines BB for obligations as follows: An obligation rated ‘BB’ is less vulnerable to non-payment than 
other speculative issues. However, it faces major ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial, or economic conditions 
which could lead to the obligor’s inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. The ratings from ‘AA’ to ‘CCC’ 
may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.
14 Fitch defines BBB+ and BBB- for issuer’s as follows: ‘BBB’ ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity 
for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this 
capacity. Fitch defines BBB for obligations as follows: A ‘BBB’ rating indicates that expectations of credit risk are currently low. The capacity 
for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this 
capacity. The modifiers plus or minus may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories.
15 Taiwan Rating defines twAA for issuer’s as follows: An obligor rated “twAA” differs from the highest rated obligors (ttwAAA) only to a 
small degree and has very strong capacity to meet its financial commitments relative to other Taiwanese obligors. The issuer credit rating is a 
forward-looking opinion about the overall capacity of a debt issuer, guarantor, or other provider of credit-enhancement (“obligor”) to meet its 
financial obligations relative to other obligors in the Taiwanese domestic financial markets.
16 AM Best defines A/A- ratings assigned to insurance companies as follows: Assigned to insurance companies that have an excellent ability to 
meet their ongoing insurance obligations.

--- Page 142 ---
142
Risk Management of the Group
As part of the normal operations, Ørsted encounters, in addition to general operational and business risk, a 
number of different areas of risk, including market fluctuations in commodity prices, currency exchange rates, 
interest rates, inflation rates as well as credit and insurance, among others. The purpose of Ørsted’s risk 
management activity is to identify the various areas of risk to which Ørsted is exposed and subsequently decide 
how to address such risks, including assessing to what extent the individual risks are acceptable or even 
desirable, in conjunction with an evaluation of the extent to which these risks can be mitigated and associated 
costs, to ensure an optimal balance between risk and return.
Market and counterparty risk management is governed by overall governance systems, risk policies and 
mandates. Risk mandates are granted by Ørsted’s Audit and Risk Committee to the Executive Board – see 
Management section below – which delegates the risk mandates to the business divisions under supervision of 
the Executive Risk Committee headed by the CFO. The Executive Risk Committee monitors compliance with 
market and counterparty risk mandates and limits and serves as advisory function to the Executive Board on 
risk matters. The Executive Risk Committee also approves Ørsted’s Market Risk Policy and Market Risk 
Mandates.
Ørsted has a group level Risk Management function (market risks and counterparty credit risk) which, for the 
purpose of segregation of duties, is organisationally separated from the operating and risk-taking units. The 
Risk Management function is responsible for monitoring the risk mandates granted to the Executive Board by 
the Board of Directors, for reporting of risk limit violations to the Board of Directors and Executive Risk 
Committee, for reporting of significant events directly to the CFO and for risk calculation methods and models.
Ørsted has a separate Internal Audit function reporting to the Audit and Risk Committee. The mission of Internal 
Audit is to provide independent and objective assurance and consulting services designed to add value and 
improve the effectiveness of Ørsted’s risk management, control, and governance processes.
Market risks
Ørsted’s main market risks relate to commodity prices, currency exchange rates, interest rates and inflation 
rates. The management of Ørsted’s markets risk is based on the Group’s desire for stable cash flows and robust 
financial ratios to ensure a solid foundation for the Group’s growth strategy as well as protecting the real value 
of the Group’s assets. Ørsted’s risk management policies seek to reduce short-term after tax cash flow volatility 
resulting from fluctuations in market prices (i.e. power, gas, oil, oil products, coal, CO2 certificates and other 
relevant commodities), currency exchange rates, interest rates and inflation. Volatility in the long-term real 
value of shareholders’ investment in Ørsted is managed by matching fixed nominal cash flows from operations 
with fixed nominal debt. Ørsted’s policy is to identify and assess all material market risks, with a reasonably 
high likelihood of materialising, with a view to assessing if such risks should be included in the overall risk 
management policy.
Commodity price risk exposure is defined as the forecasted production volumes or sales volumes from energy 
sourcing contracts that are exposed to fluctuations in market prices multiplied by the forward energy price at 
the time of risk assessment. The currency risk exposure is defined as future net cash flows in foreign currencies 
multiplied by the forward currency price. Ørsted has implemented a risk governance structure designed to 
manage identified market risks by adjusting the risk profile through entering hedging transactions to a level of 
exposure deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.
In relation to market risks, whether commodity or financial, Ørsted is primarily focused on the impact that such 
risks would have on cash flows over the next five years and, secondarily, on the accounting effect of such 
transactions. Under the IFRS 9 measures, value adjustments of contracts hedging energy prices and related

--- Page 143 ---
143
currency risks are postponed and recognised in the period in which the hedged exposure materialises. On top 
of hedging exposures up to five years, Ørsted also uses its debt liabilities to mitigate long-term currency, interest 
rate and inflation exposures.
Commodity risk
To reduce fluctuations in cash flows in the short and medium term, market price risks are generally hedged 
following a staircase principle where front end years are hedged to a high degree where-after hedge ratios 
decline in the following years over the tradable horizon. The tradable horizon is based on an assessment of the 
market liquidity. This approach is adopted partly because there is less certainty about long-term production 
volumes, and partly because the financial and physical markets for hedging instruments are less liquid in the 
longer-term end of the price curve. Ørsted may use proxy hedges to hedge energy price risk exposures.
Ørsted manages its risk profile by entering into financial or physical contracts (spot transactions, fixed price 
transactions and contracts for future delivery, as well as swaps, forwards, options and other derivative products).
Long term commodity market price risks beyond the tradable horizon are determined by strategic choices 
regarding the composition of production assets and long-term physical contracts.
The energy market trading function is responsible for executing the Group’s energy commodity hedges in the 
external market, and in part to support these activities, Ørsted also engages in a limited amount of proprietary 
trading in gas, power, coal, oil, oil products and CO2 certificates to take advantage of market opportunities, to 
discover prices and to maintain high levels of market understanding required to support portfolio optimisation 
and risk management activities. Market trading also balances physical volumes in the market and takes positions 
to earn a profit and ensure an ongoing market presence and thus gain more detailed market insight. Furthermore, 
Ørsted has assumed the role of market maker in the Danish and German power market which involves further 
market risks as Ørsted must accept certain trades in illiquid markets. Limits for market trading are based on 
VaR and Stress mandates, which measure the risk of losses on the portfolio from day-to-day, calculated on a 
fair value basis. VaR is determined as the maximum one day loss with a 95 per cent. probability based on 
historical price fluctuations and thus measures the risk under normal market conditions.
Currency risk
Currency exposures in general consist of cash-flows from production with known sales or purchase prices, the 
value of hedged energy contracts, revenue from green certificates and fixed tariff elements, divestments, capital 
expenditure relating to construction of new projects and project development, operating expenses and loans in 
foreign currency.
Ørsted’s main currency risks are in Pound Sterling, U.S. dollar and to some degree Taiwan dollar. Ørsted’s 
Euro-Danish krone risk is normally not hedged due to Denmark’s fixed exchange rate policy. The main principle 
behind the currency risk management is that exposures are hedged when the underlying cash flows are highly 
certain - following a staircase principle with a declining hedge ratio over time. For new markets, the strategy is 
to manage the time-spread between construction cost and future revenue in the same currency.
Interest and inflation risk
The fixed rate, floating rate and inflation indexed composition of Ørsted’s debt portfolio is determined by the 
Group’s assets and the interest rate and inflation sensitivity of the cash flows generated by these assets. The 
issuance currency is usually chosen to align the average currency composition of debt with that of medium- and 
long-term FFO, providing more stable key financial ratios. Interest and inflation risk are managed by matching 
the sensitivity (duration) of the assets with the sensitivity (duration) of the corresponding liabilities. Fixed-
interest financing over a longer term is sought to match assets with long-term fixed cash flows. Conversely, 
more variable-interest financing is sought for assets with varying, interest-sensitive cash flows. For assets with 
inflation-indexed revenues, either inflation-indexed debt is prioritised, or revenue is fixed with inflation-

--- Page 144 ---
144
derivatives. Ørsted adjusts interest rate risk exposure through the interest rate terms of its loans and by entering 
into interest rate derivatives such as interest rate and cross-currency swaps, swaptions (options on interest rate 
swaps), caps and floors.
Credit risks
Ørsted’s credit risk arises partly from the sale of power, gas and green certificates and partly from entry into 
financial and physical transactions based on fixed or indexed prices. As part of the normal course of business, 
Ørsted enters into contracts for physical delivery of energy products with customers and suppliers as well as 
hedging contracts for commodities, currencies and interest rates with different market participants, such as other 
energy companies, specialised trading houses and international banks. Physical contracts with a maturity of 
more than one year are common and certain other contracts can have maturities of more than five years such as 
the increasing number of CPPAs.
Suppliers expose Ørsted to operational project delays, but Ørsted could also incur a financial loss as a 
consequence of a supplier default and switch of supplier. Pre-payments made under supply agreements are 
generally subject to advance payment guarantees.
All these contracts expose Ørsted to a cost if the counterparty to a contract cannot fulfil its obligations under 
the contract. Ørsted could potentially also be exposed to counterparty risk from secondary liabilities relating to 
the divestment of its Oil & Gas business activities in September 2017 and the LNG business closed in December 
2020. The risk of such costs is measured and managed as credit risk.
Ørsted manages credit exposures in such a way as to facilitate business activities without subjecting itself to 
unreasonable credit exposure in respect of any individual counterparties. Credit terms are part of the commercial 
negotiations and contractual risk mitigation includes rating triggers/financial covenants, receiving prepayments, 
bank guarantees, parent company guarantees and margining agreements.
The methodology for calculating credit risk takes into account the risk of non-payment of outstanding 
receivables from already delivered contracts and a financial element covering current and future replacement 
costs arising from changes in the market value for contracts not based on floating prices. Future replacements 
costs are estimated based on an “add-on factor” derived from the historical price volatility of the underlying 
contract asset type. Market price changes on existing contracts above the estimated ‘add-on factor’ may lead to 
a passive breach of an approved credit line towards a specific counterparty, and new contracts may not be 
entered into unless risk can be reduced according to netting rules or a provided security.
Ørsted manages its counterparty credit risk through its Group Credit Risk Policy which, among other things, 
defines how credit lines are set along with calculation principles for the actual credit exposure. This Policy also 
establishes roles and responsibilities within Ørsted’s organisation and is designed to ensure that all major credit 
exposures are monitored at the group-wide level. Ørsted manages credit lines on the basis of its assessment of 
the counterparty’s creditworthiness and credit support provided. Where counterparties have been rated 
externally by, among others, Fitch, Moody’s or S&P, these ratings play a significant role in determining the 
internal rating for such counterparties. Ørsted uses standardised contractual frameworks and credit support 
provisions (for example, International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and the European Federation of 
Energy Traders) for trading in energy and financial markets.
For the management of Ørsted’s credit risk, its trading and financial counterparties are reported on a daily basis, 
where both current and potential future counterparty exposure based on updated market prices are measured 
against approved credit lines. All significant credit risk exposures are reported on a regular basis to the 
Executive Risk Committee and the Board of Directors.

--- Page 145 ---
145
Insurable risks
Ørsted’s insurance programme and type of insurance coverage is based on analysis and mapping of risks related 
to Ørsted’s activities, including factors such as diversification of risks between the business areas, the 
geographical spread of assets, the likelihood and frequency of events and the likely impact of such events.
A part of the property insurance cover relates to Ørsted’s membership in the mutual insurance company, Oil 
Insurance Ltd. Through this membership, Ørsted is insured up to a limit of USD 450 million, with a deductible 
amount of USD 10 million for each occurrence resulting in damage to assets. In addition to the cover afforded 
by Oil Insurance Ltd., Ørsted is covered through separate policies designed to ensure adequate insurance 
coverage for all operational and construction assets. This additional coverage comprises of specific insurance 
policies established through Lloyd’s of London and other markets.
Ørsted is not insured for business interruption (except where required by tax equity investors for US onshore 
wind and solar projects). Ørsted’s risk relating to business interruption is diversified between the various 
business areas, the geographical spread of assets as well as the introduction of partnerships. Furthermore, the 
frequency and likelihood for worst-case scenario business interruption losses are considered low.
With a view to optimising the insurance portfolio and managing the property insurance with Oil Insurance Ltd., 
among others, a subsidiary, Ørsted Insurance A/S, has been established. Ørsted Insurance A/S has an individual 
financial rating of “A-, stable outlook” from AM Best. Ørsted Insurance A/S is reinsured by many reinsurers 
including Oil Insurance Ltd.
Oil Insurance Ltd. is a mutual insurance company rated A (stable) by S&P and A2 (stable) by Moody’s. In 
addition to the reinsurance protection, the captive is also protected by a stop loss insurance to limit the potential 
exposure to the captive in case of frequency losses and claims on the property onshore insurance. Ørsted 
Insurance A/S is subject to supervision by the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority.
Legal Proceedings and material contracts
Elsam
Ørsted is engaged in competition disputes relating to Danish wholesale power prices which could have a 
significant effect on the Group’s financial position or profitability.
Ørsted has been party to actions with the competition authorities relating to their claim that the former Elsam 
A/S (“Elsam”), now part of the Group, infringed competition law by charging excessive prices in the Danish 
wholesale power market in the period 1 July 2003 to 31 December 2006. These cases have now been closed as 
follows:

For the period 1 July 2003 to 31 December 2004 the parties have - following the ruling described in the 
next paragraph - settled the case in favour of Elsam agreeing that investigation made by the competition 
authorities has not proved that Elsam’s behaviour in this period constituted an infringement of 
competition law.

For the period 1 January 2005 to 30 June 2006 the High Court of Western Denmark has ruled – in May 
2018 - in favour of Elsam finding that the investigation made by the competition authorities has not 
proved that Elsam’s behaviour in this period constituted an infringement of competition law.

For the period 1 July 2006 to 31 December 2006 the Competition Appeals Tribunal has abrogated - in 
March 2008 - a similar finding of excessive pricing from the Danish Competition Council and referred 
it back to the Council. This decision was based on the finding that the Danish Competition Council had 
not proved that Elsam’s behaviour in this period constituted an infringement of competition law. Based

--- Page 146 ---
146
on the public statements from the Council it does not seem likely that they will initiate a new 
investigation.
In connection with the competition authorities’ original claim that Elsam infringed competition law, a number 
of power consumers filed a claim with the Maritime and Commercial Court for compensation against Ørsted or 
instead of filling a claim entered into agreements with Ørsted to suspend the statutory limitation of their alleged 
claims. The biggest claim filed so far is by a group of power consumers claiming compensation which at the 
moment is calculated as an amount of up to DKK 4,405 million with the addition of interest from the date of 
the individual payments of allegedly excessive prices until settlement of the claim. i.e. in the period from 1 July 
2003 and until a final non appealable decision has been made by the courts and the amount has been finally 
paid. The plaintiffs’ claim for interest can therefore exceed any damages which may be awarded to the plaintiffs 
including the aggregate primary claim of DKK 4,405 million. In a ruling by the Maritime and Commercial 
Court from March 2020 Elsam was acquitted from the claim, but the plaintiffs have appealed the ruling. On 30 
September 2021, the High Court of Western Denmark ruled in favour of the plaintiffs and sent the case back to 
the Maritime and Commercial Court for further preparation and a new ruling on the plaintiffs claim for 
compensation. We have asked for the permission to appeal the ruling to the Supreme Court, because we think 
the ruling concerns matters of principle.
Tax
The Danish Tax Agency has, in two administrative decisions, concluded that Ørsted Wind Power A/S has not 
acted at arm’s length terms and conditions when charging fees for technical services provided to the project 
companies for the Walney Extension Hornsea 1 and Race Bank offshore windfarms in the UK during the 
development phase.
The decisions entail an additional tax payable of DKK 6.7 billion for the income years 2015 and 2016 plus 
interest. The two decisions have been appealed to the Danish National Tax Tribunal. Furthermore, the 
administrative decisions related to Walney Extension and Hornsea 1 received on 1 December 2020 has been 
admitted under a Mutual Agreement Procedure (“MAP”) between the Competent Authorities of the Danish Tax 
Agency and Her Majesty’s Revenue & Customs under both the EU Arbitration Convention and the relevant 
Double Tax Agreement including the Multilateral Instrument. The administrative decision related to Race Bank 
was received on 29 November 2021 and Ørsted is considering an elaborated appeal to the Danish Tax Tribunal, 
a direct appeal to the court system, or a request for a MAP under the double tax agreement between Denmark 
and the United Kingdom. The Danish Tax Agency has accepted Ørsted’s request for a deferral of the tax 
payments until the cases are finally decided.
Norway
The Norwegian Tax Administration (“NTA”) has issued a draft reassessment regarding transfer pricing of sale 
of gas by Ørsted’s 100 per cent. owned Norwegian subsidiary to affiliates during the years 2007-2011. The 
NTA proposes a reassessment of NOK 2.4 billion, which would be subject to hydrocarbon taxation at 78 per 
cent. corresponding to NOK 1.9 billion. The Norwegian subsidiary of Ørsted receiving the reassessment was 
sold to INEOS in 2017 as a part of the divestment of the oil and gas activities. However, under the Sales & 
Purchase Agreement, Ørsted has maintained the risk for tax matters relating to Ørsted’s ownership period.
Once a final reassessment is received, any tax becomes payable immediately with no possibility to receive a 
stay or deferral. Appropriate and alternative courses of action is currently being considered by Ørsted including 
an appeal process in the Norwegian court system or a mutual agreement procedure between Denmark and
Norway.

--- Page 147 ---
147
In response to the Issuer’s tax risks including the current controversies, tax related provisions have been made 
in accordance with IAS 12, IAS 37 and relevant interpretations, such as IFRIC 23. The provisions have been 
calculated on the basis of differences in tax rates and statistical risks of suffering economic or legal double 
taxation.
Material Contracts
The following is a summary of material contracts, other than contracts in the ordinary course of business, into 
which Ørsted or any of its subsidiaries have entered, which contain obligations or entitlements that are material 
to Ørsted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. In the course of its ordinary business, Ørsted enters into contracts 
which have obligations or entitlements that are material to the Group. Amongst these contracts entered into in 
the ordinary course of its business is, for example, agreements entered into as part of the offshore wind, 
hydrogen, onshore wind and solar projects (share purchase agreements, shareholders’ agreements, joint venture 
agreements, construction agreements, O&M agreements and PPAs etc.), heat agreements entered into in 
connection with the conversion of our CHP plants to biomass and long-term gas purchase contracts. Certain of 
such contracts contain provisions relating to change-of-control events, pre-emption rights, transfer restrictions 
or buy-back arrangements related to specific events or other transfer provisions. Certain of the long-term gas 
purchase contracts contain provisions on price reviews and take-or-pay obligations.
Divestment of upstream oil and gas business
On 29 September 2017, Ørsted divested the entire share capital of DONG E&P A/S to INEOS, thereby divesting 
its upstream oil and gas business. As part of the divestment, Ørsted assumed secondary liabilities relating to the 
decommissioning of the offshore facilities owned by DONG E&P A/S and its subsidiaries in Denmark and 
Norway. The beneficiaries are the Danish and Norwegian states, respectively, depending on the location of the 
licenses, and the other participants in the relevant licenses. In the UK, a potential decommissioning liability 
follows due to regulation. The key terms are different depending on country of license, please see the Interim 
Financial Report for the first nine months of 2017, note 9. In case of any of the secondary liabilities being 
exercised, Ørsted has full recourse for such liabilities against INEOS, INEOS Industries Holdings Limited and 
INEOS Holdings AG.
Management
General
Ørsted is governed by the Board of Directors, which has overall responsibility for the management of Ørsted’s 
business. Ørsted’s Group Executive Management oversees the day-to-day management and, in that capacity, 
follows the directions and guidelines provided by the Board of Directors.
According to the Articles of Association of Ørsted, the Board of Directors must consist of six to eight members 
elected by the shareholders and the number of members elected by the employees according to legislation (i.e., 
the Danish Companies Act). The Board of Directors currently consists of eight members elected by the 
shareholders and three members appointed by the employees (the “Group Representatives”). The Board of 
Directors holds a minimum of five meetings each year. Extraordinary board meetings are convened when 
required.
The Board of Directors has appointed Ørsted’s Group Executive Management, including a Chief Executive 
Officer, Group President and CEO (“CEO”), a CFO and a Deputy Group CEO. The CEO, CFO and Deputy 
Group CEO comprise Ørsted’s executive board (the “Executive Board”) and are registered managers with the 
Danish Business Authority. Ørsted’s Group Executive Management currently consists of six members.
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors and Group Executive Management is Ørsted 
A/S, Kraftværksvej 53, Skærbæk, DK-7000 Fredericia, Denmark.

--- Page 148 ---
148
Board of Directors
The members of the Board of Directors of Ørsted, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, were:
Name
Year 
Born
Year First 
Appointed
Current 
Term 
Expires
Position
Thomas Thune Andersen ...
1955
2014
2022
Chairman
Lene Skole ........................
1959
2015
2022
Deputy Chairman
Lynda Armstrong...............
1950
2015
2022
Director
Peter Korsholm .................
1971
2017
2022
Director
Dieter Wemmer .................
1957
2018
2022
Director
Jørgen Kildahl...................
1963
2018
2022
Director
Julia King..........................
1954
2021
2022
Director
Henrik Poulsen..................
1967
2021
2022
Director
Daniel Tas Sandermann .....
1984
2020
2022
Group Representative
Ole Henriksen ...................
1972
2020
2022
Group Representative
Benny Gøbel .....................
1967
2011
2022
Group Representative
Thomas Thune Andersen is the Chairman of the Board of Directors. He also serves as Chairman of the Board 
of Directors of VKR Holding A/S, Lloyds Register Group Limited and Lloyds Register Foundation. He also 
serves as a member of the Board of Directors of BW Group Ltd., IMI plc., Green Hydrogen Systems A/S and 
DET ØSTASIASISKE KOMPAGNIS ALMENNYTTIGE FOND. Furthermore, Thomas Thune Andersen is a 
member of the Remuneration Committee of Lloyds Register Group Limited, the Nomination Committee of 
Lloyds Register Foundation, the Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee of IMI plc and the 
Nomination Committee of VKR Holding A/S.
Lene Skole is the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors. She is CEO of the Lundbeck Foundation and 
Lundbeckfond Invest A/S. She also serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of LFI Equity A/S. 
Furthermore, Lene Skole is the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of H. Lundbeck A/S, ALK-Abelló 
A/S and Falck A/S and member of the Board of Directors of Tryg A/S and Tryg Forsikring A/S. Lene Skole is 
a member of the Audit & Risk Committee of Tryg A/S and of Tryg Forsikring A/S. Furthermore, Lene Skole is 
Chairman of the Audit Committee of Falck and member of the Remuneration Committee of Falck A/S and 
member of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee, the Audit Committee, and the Scientific Committee 
of ALK-Abelló A/S. She also serves as a member of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and the 
Scientific Committee of H. Lundbeck A/S.
Lynda Armstrong is a member of the Board of Directors. She serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
The Engineering Construction Industry Training Board. 
Peter Korsholm is a member of the Board of Directors. He is CEO of DSVM Invest A/S, DSV Miljø Group 
A/S, Togu ApS and Totalleveranser Sverige AB. He also serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Nymølle Stenindustrier A/S, GDL Transport Holding AB, Lion Danmark I ApS and two wholly-owned 
subsidiaries of Lion Danmark I ApS. Furthermore, Peter Korsholm is a member of the Board of Directors of 
DSVM Invest A/S and eight wholly-owned subsidiaries of DSVM Invest A/S, A/S United Shipping and Trading 
Company and two wholly-owned subsidiaries of A/S United Shipping and Trading Company, DANX Holding 
I ApS and three wholly-owned subsidiaries of DANX Holding I ApS. And BCHG Properties A/S and two

--- Page 149 ---
149
wholly-owned subsidiaries of BCHG Properties A/S. Peter Korsholm is also Chairman of the Investment 
Committee of Zoscales Partners.
Dieter Wemmer is a member of the Board of Directors. He serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Marco Holding, plc. and one wholly-owned subsidiary of Marco Holding, plc. Furthermore, he is a member of 
the Board of Directors of UBS Group AG and UBS AG. Dieter Wemmer is also a member of the Audit 
Committee, Governance and Nomination Committee and the Compensation Committee of UBS Group AG and 
UBS AG.
Jørgen Kildahl is a member of the Board of Directors. He is Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Telenor ASA. Furthermore, Jørgen Kildahl is as a member of the Board of Directors of Alpiq AG and Scatec 
ASA. He also serves as a Chairman of the Sustainability and Compliance Committee and as a member of the 
Audit and Risk Committee of Telenor ASA, the Audit Committee of Scatec ASA and the Governance 
Committee and the Strategy Committee of Alpiq AG. He also acts as senior advisor of Energy Infrastructure 
Partners (member of the Energy Investment Committee) and advisor to the board of directors of Abu Dhabi 
National Energy Company PJSC (TAQA).
Julia King is a member of the Board of Directors. She is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of The Carbon 
Trust and STEM Learning Ltd. Furthermore, she serves as non-executive director of Ceres Power Holdings and 
Frontier IP. She also serves as Crossbench Peer in the UK House of Lords and is Chairman of the Adaptation 
Committee of the Committee on Climate Change. 
Henrik Poulsen is a member of the Board of Directors. He is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Faerch 
Group Holding A/S and one wholly-owned subsidiary of Faerch Group Holding A/S. Furthermore, he serves as 
Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of ISS A/S, Carlsberg A/S and one wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Carlsberg A/S. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KgaA, Novo Holdings 
A/S and Novo Nordisk A/S. He also acts as Senior advisor and member of the investment committee of A.P. 
Møller Holding A/S.
Benny Gøbel, Daniel Tas Sandermann and Ole Henriksen are Group Representatives and members of the Board 
of Directors.
Group Executive Management
The members of Ørsted’s Group Executive Management, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, were:
Name
Year Born
Position
Mads Nipper .....................
1966
CEO
Marianne Wiinholt.............
1965
Executive Vice President, CFO
Martin Neubert..................
1973
Deputy Group CEO
Henriette Fenger Ellekrog..
1966
Executive Vice President, Chief HR Officer
Neil O’Donovan................
1978
Executive Vice President, CEO Onshore
Richard Hunter..................
1968
Executive Vice President, COO
On 23 December 2021, Marianne Wiinholt announced her decision to step down as CFO of Ørsted. She will 
continue in the role until 8 April 2022. On 2 February 2021, Daniel Lerup was announced as Marianne 
Wiinholt’s successor as CFO and member of Ørsted’s Executive Board as of 8 April 2022. Daniel Lerup joined 
Ørsted in 2009 and currently holds the position as Senior Vice President, Head of Commercial and EPC & 
Operations Finance.

--- Page 150 ---
150
Mads Nipper has been the CEO, Group President, of Ørsted since 1 January 2021 and is a registered manager 
of Ørsted with the Danish Business Authority. Mads Nipper was educated at the Aarhus School of Business, 
where he received his M. Sc. (International Business) in 1991. Prior to joining Ørsted in January 2021, Mads 
Nipper served six years as CEO and President of Grundfos A/S and prior hereto as Executive Vice President of 
LEGO. Mads Nipper is the Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of Danish Crown. Furthermore, Mads 
Nipper is member of the Confederation of Danish Industry. He also acts as advisor to Axcel.
Marianne Wiinholt has been Ørsted’s CFO since 3 October 2013 and is a registered manager of Ørsted with the 
Danish Business Authority. Marianne Wiinholt was educated at Copenhagen Business School, where she 
received her M.Sc. (Business Administration and Auditing) in 1992. Prior to joining Ørsted in 2004, Marianne 
Wiinholt served as an accountant at Arthur Andersen and as head of Group Accounting, Controlling & Tax at 
Borealis AS. Marianne Wiinholt is a member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee 
of Norsk Hydro ASA. She is also a member of the Board of Directors of Coloplast A/S and member of the 
Board of Directors and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Coloplast A/S.
Martin Neubert has been Ørsted’s Deputy Group CEO since 4 February 2021 and is a registered manager of 
Ørsted with the Danish Business Authority. Martin Neubert holds a Master’s in Economics and Finance and a 
CFA Charter. Martin Neubert joined Ørsted in 2008 and has served as Head of Group M&A, Head of 
Partnerships & M&A and Head of Commercial Transactions & Market Development, Chief Strategy Officer 
and most recently been responsible for the Offshore business unit. Prior to joining Ørsted, Martin Neubert held 
various positions with Bain Capital, Ernst & Young and Arthur Andersen.
Henriette Fenger Ellekrog has been Ørsted’s Chief HR Officer since 1 June 2019. Henriette Fenger Ellekrog 
holds a MA (Cand. ling. merc) from Copenhagen Business School. Prior to joining Ørsted in 2019, Henriette 
Fenger Ellekrog was Chief HR Officer with Danske Bank and before that Chief HR Officer of SAS AB.
Neil O'Donovan has been CEO of Ørsted’s Onshore business unit since September 2021. Neil O'Donovan holds 
a MA in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California in Berkeley, USA. Neil O'Donovan joined 
Ørsted in 2018 and has served as Chief Operating Officer of the Onshore business unit. Prior to joining Ørsted 
in 2018, Neil O'Donovan was Vice President of Lincoln Clean Energy after having held various positions at 
Booz Allen Hamilton and General Electric.
Richard Hunter has been Chief Operating Officer for the EPC & Operations for all of Ørsted, except the 
Onshore business unit, since June 2021. Richard Hunter holds a BSc (Hons), Electrical & Electronic 
Engineering from the University College London (1989), Fellow, Institution of Mechanical Engineers, UK 
(2008), Fellow, Institution of Engineering & Technology, UK (2007). Prior to joining Ørsted in 2021, Richard 
Hunter was President of Bombardier Transportation's global Rail Control Solutions and Wayside business after 
having held various executive positions at the Land Transport Authority, Singapore, and the London 
Underground.
Statement on Conflicts of Interest
No actual or potential conflicts of interest exist with respect to the duties of any member of the Board of 
Directors or Executive Board towards Ørsted and their private interests and/or duties to other persons.
Corporate Governance
As a listed company, Ørsted assess the Recommendations for Corporate Governance prepared by the Danish 
Committee on Corporate Governance. As further described in the Annual Report 2021, Ørsted has with a few 
exemptions elected to comply with these recommendations. The Board of Directors of Ørsted review the 
corporate governance recommendations annually based on best practice.

--- Page 151 ---
151
Board Practices
Audit & Risk Committee
After Ørsted’s annual general meeting, the Board of Directors of Ørsted appoints members to the Audit & Risk 
Committee.
The Audit & Risk Committee assists the Board of Directors of Ørsted in overseeing the financial reporting 
process, financial and business-related risks, internal controls and compliance with statutory and other 
requirements from public authorities. Moreover, the Audit & Risk Committee decides the framework for the 
work of Ørsted’s external and internal auditors, evaluates the auditor’s independence and qualifications as well 
as monitoring Ørsted’s whistle-blower scheme.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Audit & Risk Committee members are Dieter Wemmer (Chairman), 
Peter Korsholm, and Jørgen Kildahl.
Selected Financial Information
The following tables set out selected financial information concerning Ørsted’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position and profits and losses as at the dates and for the periods specified therein:
Table 11: Consolidated Income Statement IFRS
FY2020(1)
FY 2021(1)
(DKK million)
Revenue....................................................................................................
50,151
77,673
EBITDA ...................................................................................................
16,598
24,296
Operating profit (EBIT).............................................................................
9,010
16,195
Profit before tax ........................................................................................
17,324
13,277
Profit (loss) for the period continuing operations........................................
15,548
10,887
Profit (loss) for the period discontinued operations ....................................
(11)
-
Profit (loss) for the period .........................................................................
15,537
10,887
Note:
(1)
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021.
Table 12: Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2021
FY2020(1)
FY 2021(1)
Assets
Intangible assets........................................................................................
639
1,543
Property, plant and equipment ...................................................................
121,610
161,396
Other non-current assets............................................................................
12,496
19,282
Non-current assets.....................................................................................
134,745
182,221

--- Page 152 ---
152
FY2020(1)
FY 2021(1)
Current assets............................................................................................
60,510
86,829
Asset classified as held for sale..................................................................
1,464
1,335
Assets.......................................................................................................
196,719
270,385
Note:
(1)
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021.
FY2020(1)
FY 2021(1)
Equity and Liabilities
Equity attributable to the equity holders of Ørsted A/S...............................
81,376
64,072
Equity.......................................................................................................
97,329
85,137
Non-current liabilities ...............................................................................
65,751
97,788
Current liabilities ......................................................................................
32,952
86,968
Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale.........................
687
492
Liabilities..................................................................................................
98,703
184,756
Equity and liabilities .................................................................................
196,719
270,385
Note:
(1)
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021.
.6.1

--- Page 153 ---
153
DESCRIPTION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
This section provides further information in relation to alternative performance measures applied by Ørsted for 
the purposes of the guidelines published by ESMA.
Non-IFRS Measures17
This Base Prospectus contains non-IFRS measures and ratios, including those listed below, which are not 
required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS as adopted by the EU or the accounting standards of any 
other jurisdiction. Ørsted presents non-IFRS measures to measure operating performance and as a basis for its 
strategic planning and forecasting, as well as monitoring certain aspects of operating cash flow and liquidity. 
Ørsted also believes that non-IFRS measures and similar measures are widely used by certain investors, 
securities analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. Ørsted’s 
non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:

“EBITDA” indicates the operating profit or loss (EBIT) before depreciation, amortizations and 
impairment losses;

“EBIT” is earnings before interest and tax equivalent to operating profit (loss);

“Capital employed” is calculated as all assets and liabilities, except for equity and interest-bearing net 
debt;

“Average capital employed” is calculated on a rolling 12-month period as the capital employed at the
beginning of the 12-month period plus the capital employed at the end of the 12-month period, divided 
by two;

“ROCE”, or return on capital employed, is calculated on a rolling 12-month period as (i) the EBIT, 
divided by (ii) the average capital employed;

“Gross investments” is calculated as cash flows from investing activities, excluding dividends received 
from associates, joint ventures and equity investments, purchase and sale of securities, loans to joint 
ventures and joint operations, and divestments of assets and enterprises. To this is added acquired debt 
and restricted cash in connection with acquisitions;

“Net investments” is calculated as gross investments less divestments of assets and enterprises, the 
selling price for non-controlling interests, and subsequent capital injections from non-controlling 
interests. Furthermore, interest-bearing debt transferred in connection with a divestment is deducted;

“Free cash flow” is calculated as cash flows from operating activities and divestments less gross 
investments;

“Net working capital” is calculated as inventories, contract assets (net), trade receivables, and other 
current operating assets less trade payables, other current operating liabilities, and working capital 
elements of tax equity balances;

“Net working capital, excluding trade payables relating to capital expenditures” is calculated as net 
working capital excluding trade payables relating to purchases of intangible assets and property, plant 
and equipment;
                                                       
17 For further information regarding non-IFRS measures, including detailed definitions of various Alternative Performance Measures, please 
refer to notes 1.4 and 1.5 on pages 84 and 85 of the Ørsted 2021 Annual Report.

--- Page 154 ---
154

“FFO”, or funds from operations, is calculated on a rolling 12-month period on the basis of EBITDA, 
adjusted for the effect of gains (losses) on divestments of assets, paid interest expenses (net), interest 
expenses on hybrid capital (50 per cent.), interest expenses transferred to assets and paid tax. FFO is 
also, adjusted for dividends received, capital reductions, change in provisions and other residual 
adjustments.

“Interest-bearing net debt” is calculated as interest bearing debt less interest-bearing assets;

“Adjusted interest-bearing net debt” is calculated as interest-bearing net debt plus 50 per cent. of 
hybrid capital, and cash and securities not available for use (with the exception of repo transactions).

“FFO/Adjusted interest-bearing net debt” is calculated as the ratio between FFO and Adjusted 
interest-bearing net debt.
The non-IFRS measures, including its business performance measures, may not be comparable to other 
similarly titled measures of other companies and should be considered together with Ørsted’s IFRS results. 
Non-IFRS measures and ratios are not measurements of Ørsted’s performance or liquidity under IFRS as 
adopted by the EU and investors should bear this in mind when considering non-IFRS measures as alternatives 
to operating profit or profit for the year or other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU or any other generally accepted accounting principles, or as alternatives to cash flow from 
operating, investing or financing activities. Investors should rely on Ørsted’s IFRS results, supplemented by its 
non-IFRS measures, to evaluate Ørsted’s performance.
Business performance measure
Business performance measure is a non-IFRS alternative performance measure introduced in 2011 to 
supplement the Group’s IFRS financial statements. With the implementation of IFRS 9, it has become 
significantly easier to apply IFRS hedge accounting for our energy hedges. As a result, we have reported solely 
based on IFRS from 1 January 2021. Therefore, this Base Prospectus only show business performance measures 
when relevant to ease the like-for-like comparison.
The business performance measures included in this Base Prospectus represent the financial performance of the 
Group’s activities in the reporting period, as the result is adjusted for temporary fluctuations in the market value 
of contracts (including hedging transactions) relating to other periods. The value adjustment of hedging 
transactions is deferred and recognised for the period in which the hedged exposure materialises with the 
following three exceptions:
(i)
Ørsted’s long-term oil-indexed purchase contracts, the prices at which Ørsted purchase gas are 
calculated on the basis of formulas incorporating variables based on market prices for fuel oil, gas oil, 
etc. over periods of up to 17 months prior to the purchase date. These prices are automatically 
recalculated periodically, typically quarterly. Accordingly, the impact on earnings and cash flow will be 
exaggerated in the short-term in periods of increasing and decreasing oil prices, an effect which will be 
stabilised in the long-term, providing an overall neutral effect unless there is a permanent change in oil 
prices or the purchase contracts terminate
(ii)
Ørsted’s hedging contracts related to the purchase contracts, the changes in the prices of fuel oil, gas oil 
etc. are mitigated through hedging of the expected price exposure that will exist following the conclusion 
of renegotiations. The market value of Ørsted’s hedging contracts related to Ørsted’s purchase contracts 
with a time lag are recognised in the business performance income statement at the time of the settlement 
of the hedging contracts which is the point in time Ørsted’s exposure cease, which is at an earlier date 
than the physical delivery date of the underlying gas purchase contract.

--- Page 155 ---
155
(iii)
Ørsted’s hedging contracts related to gas at storage, changes in the price of gas in Ørsted’s storage 
facilities are also mitigated through hedging. The value adjustment of the hedging transaction is 
recognised for the period in which the hedged exposure materialises, which is when gas leaves the 
storage facility for delivery. Each month, Ørsted revalue the current volume of gas in storage, such that 
the underlying change in gas prices may be recognised earlier than the recognition of the value of the 
hedge.
Contracts included in business performance measures are hedging contracts concerning energy and related 
currencies and commercial contracts. When hedging instruments do not fully correspond to the hedged 
exposure, for example, if proxy hedges are used, any difference between the development in market value of 
the hedging contract and the market value of the hedged exposure is recognised immediately in the income 
statement as part of the gain or loss from the trading portfolio. Contracts included in business performance 
measures are hedging contracts concerning energy and related currencies and commercial contracts.
The main reasons for introducing business performance measures were (i) an inability for Ørsted to achieve the 
same degree of timing between the recognition of commercial exposure and hedging contracts under the IFRS 
rules, for example with respect to option premiums and certain commercial fixed price contracts, and (ii) a high 
risk of hedging contracts being in non-compliance with the IFRS hedge accounting rules, which would require 
Ørsted to account for the hedging contracts at fair value through profit or loss, while the commercial exposure 
is accrual accounted.
The timing of the recognition of hedging contracts is the only difference between the two accounting methods, 
and this difference is eliminated when the hedging contracts expire.
Business 
performance 
measures 
are 
audited 
by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Statsautoriseret 
Revisionspartnerselskab (“PwC”) as part of their audit of the audited consolidated annual financial statements. 
To reflect whether an income statement figure is an IFRS or a business performance measure, IFRS or business 
performance (or BP) is written in connection with the relevant figures in the Base Prospectus, unless they are 
identical under IFRS and BP.
Auditors of Ørsted
The auditors of Ørsted for 2021 and 2020 were PwC (authorised by the Danish Commerce and Companies 
Agency and regulated by the Danish Auditors Act and otherwise by the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark). 
PwC have audited the consolidated financial statements and the parent company financial statements of Ørsted 
as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and additional requirements 
under Danish audit regulation. PwC has issued an unqualified auditors’ report without emphasis of matter on 
such consolidated financial statements and parent company financial statements. PwC has no financial interest 
in Ørsted.

--- Page 156 ---
156
ØRSTED WIND POWER TW HOLDING A/S
Information about Ørsted Wind
Ørsted Wind is an unlisted limited liability company incorporated in Denmark and operating under Danish law 
and centrally registered with the Danish Business Authority (Erhvervsstyrelsen) in Copenhagen under CVR no. 
36 03 57 81. The principal registered office of Ørsted Wind is located at Kraftværksvej 53, Skærbæk, DK-7000 
Fredericia, Denmark, and the telephone number of Ørsted Wind is +45 99 55 11 11.
The share capital of Ørsted Wind is DKK 7,275,603,000.00 and is divided into shares of DKK 1,000 each. The 
issued share capital is fully paid-up. There are no other classes of shares besides the ordinary shares. There are 
no non-voting shares.
According to Article 1 of Ørsted Wind’s Articles of Association, the corporate objects of Ørsted Wind are to 
develop, construct and operate wind farms, own shares and to undertake any other activity which the Board of 
Directors finds is related thereto.
Major Shareholders
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Ørsted Wind Power Holding A/S holds 100 per cent. ownership interest 
in Ørsted Wind and as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Ørsted Wind Power Holding A/S is 100 per cent. 
owned by Ørsted A/S.
Corporate structure of Ørsted Wind
Ørsted Wind serves as a holding company, with all primary business activities conducted through its 
subsidiaries. The chart below illustrates the relationship of Ørsted Wind with its principal subsidiaries.

--- Page 157 ---
157
Figure 1: Ørsted Wind’s principal subsidiaries
Note:
(1)
Project holding companies may be inserted between Ørsted Wind and the Changhua project companies.
Business Overview
Ørsted Wind was incorporated on 4 July 2014 as a holding company for the Ørsted Group’s offshore wind 
power activities in Taiwan and the commercial development of the Group’s offshore wind power activities in 
the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (“ASEAN”) region.
The current commercial activities in the region comprises the construction of the 900 MW Greater Changhua 1 
and 2a offshore wind farms in Taiwan. The FID on these projects were taken by Ørsted on 30 April 2019 
following the Taiwanese Ministry of Economic Affairs approval of Ørsted’s local supply chain plan and the 
entering into of a CPPA with Taiwan Power Company at the feed-in-tariff level announced on 30 January 2019.
Ørsted has also been awarded the 920 MW Greater Changhua 2b and 4 offshore wind farms in Taiwan, which 
are planned to be operational in 2025 and fully commissioned in 2026 pending FID, which is planned for 2023.
In July 2020, a CPPA was signed with TSMC by Ørsted’s Wind Taiwanese project companies covering the 
offtake by TSMC of the full production from the 920 MW Greater Changhua 2b & 4 Offshore Wind Farms for 
20 years. The CPPA is subject to FID being taken for the projects.

--- Page 158 ---
158
It is Ørsted Wind’s expectation to participate with its remaining approximately 570 MW Greater Changhua NE
project in future auction rounds for new offshore wind projects in Taiwan.
On 3 November 2021, Ørsted Wind closed the divestment of 50 per cent. of the 605 MW Greater Changhua 1 
project to Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec and Cathay Private Equity Co. Ltd. Co.. Ørsted Wind may 
also decide to onboard joint venture partners into its other Changhua projects at a later stage.
Furthermore, Ørsted has a 35 per cent. owner stake in the Formosa 1 offshore wind farm for which the 8 MW 
first phase of the project commenced operation in April 2017 and phase two comprising 120 MW commenced 
operation in December 2019. The Formosa 1 project is owned together with JERA, a joint venture between 
Tepco FP and Chubu Electic Power Company, Macquarie Capital and Swancor Renewable Energy.
Ørsted has initiated the environmental impact assessments (“EIA”) on the Xu Feng 1, 2 and 3 and the Wo Neng 
1 & 2 projects in Taiwan. The Xu Feng offshore wind projects are located 38-62 kilometres off the coast of 
Changhua County with potential aggregate capacity of 2.1 GW. The Wo Neng 1 & 2 offshore wind projects are 
located 42-45 kilometres off the coast of Taichung with potential capacity of 3 GW. Ørsted Wind will utilize 
the Xu Feng and Wo Neng projects and the Greater Changhua 3 project that has already obtained EIA approval 
to take an active role within the coming zonal development.
Orsted Taiwan Limited serves as Ørsted Wind’s service company for the development activities in ASEAN and 
the construction activities in Taiwan. As such, Ørsted Taiwan Limited provides Engineering, Procurement and 
Construction contractor and operations and management services to Ørsted Wind’s Changhua projects, which 
means, amongst other, that project procurement activities and Ørsted’s engineering services are delivered and 
rendered to the projects through Ørsted Taiwan Limited.
As at the end of January 2022, Orsted Taiwan Limited employed 175 full-time employees.
For further information on Ørsted Wind’s activities in Taiwan - see the subsection “Segments, Commercial, 
Offshore” under Ørsted A/S in the base prospectus.
Recent Developments
On 19 January 2022, Matthias Bausenwein, Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ørsted Wind and 
Head of Ørsted’s activities in Region APAC and Commercial ExCom member resigned his positions in Ørsted, 
Ørsted Wind and Ørsted Wind’s subsidiaries in APAC. On 28 January 2022, Christy Wang joined the Board of 
Directors of Ørsted Wind as Deputy Chair.  
Ørsted Wind’s strategic playing field
The Ørsted Group’s strategy for developing, constructing and owning offshore wind assets in Taiwan and 
developing offshore wind activities in Japan, South Korea, Vietnam and the ASEAN region in general is carried 
out through Ørsted Wind and its subsidiaries – see the subsection “Strategic direction and priorities” under 
Ørsted A/S in the base prospectus.
Finance and Liquidity
Funding of Ørsted Wind investments
Ørsted Wind’s expected capital investments in Taiwan currently comprise the four Greater Changhua projects 
and the Formosa 1 offshore wind farm, where the total estimated capital need for the Greater Changhua 1 and 
2a offshore wind farms alone is expected to amount to NTD 165 billion. In the event that a partner is brought 
into a project, Ørsted Wind’s part of the capital investments would be reduced.

--- Page 159 ---
159
The capital investments planned for the Ørsted Wind group is intended to be covered by capital provided by the 
Group and by raising NTD financing in Taiwan. The NTD financing is mainly expected to be in the form of 
green bonds issued in the Taiwanese capital market which will be covered by the Guarantee. Capital provided 
to Ørsted Wind from the Group is expected to mainly be provided as share capital.
Ørsted Wind through its whole-owned subsidiary Taiwan Orsted Financial Services Co. Ltd., has entered into 
a NTD 25 billion green revolving credit facility with a syndicate of mainly domestic Taiwanese banks. The 
facility expires in June 2024. The facility is applied for financing construction costs relating to Ørsted Wind’s 
Taiwanese projects, with an intended long-term refinancing in the NTD green bond market, and also serves 
NTD liquidity reserve purposes.
It is expected that up to 50 per cent. of Ørsted Wind’s capital investment in Taiwan will be covered by local 
NTD debt.
Ørsted Wind will provide capital to its Taiwanese projects and subsidiaries through the injection of share capital 
and shareholder loans.
Guarantees
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed to any person with whom Ørsted Wind has 
transacted in the ordinary course of its business (for the purposes of this paragraph, a “Beneficiary”) all actual 
or contingent, present or future obligations and liabilities which are due, owed or payable by Ørsted Wind to 
the Beneficiary. Furthermore, the Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment 
of all sums expressed to be payable by Ørsted Wind under the Trust Deed, the Guaranteed Notes and any 
Receipts and Coupons relating to them. Its obligations in that respect (the “Guarantee”) are contained in the 
Trust Deed. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall, save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all its other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations.
As a condition for Ørsted providing the parent guarantee and for the purposes of ranking creditors of Ørsted 
Wind pari passu with the creditors of Ørsted, the shareholder of Ørsted Wind, Ørsted Wind Power Holding A/S, 
has approved the issuance of an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee, guaranteeing to any owner or investor 
in any senior bonds issued by Ørsted under its EUR 7,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme and other bond 
documentation (for the purposes of this paragraph, a “Beneficiary”) all actual or contingent, present or future 
obligations and liabilities which are due, owed or payable by Ørsted to the Beneficiary including without 
limitation all principal, interest, fees, other costs and expenses incurred by the Beneficiary. Furthermore, Ørsted 
Wind has specifically unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed to be 
payable by Ørsted under the Trust Deed, the Notes and any Receipts and Coupons relating to them. Its 
obligations in that respect are contained in the Trust Deed. The obligations of Ørsted Wind under this guarantee 
shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions relating to Notes (other than NTD Notes), at all times rank at 
least equally with all its other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations.
Liquidity and cash position
As a subsidiary of the Group, Ørsted Wind is covered by the liquidity reserve requirements and policies defined 
and established by the Ørsted Group – see the subsection “Finance and Liquidity, Liquidity and cash position” 
under Ørsted A/S in the base prospectus.
As at 31 December 2021, Ørsted Wind had cash receivables against Ørsted in an amount of DKK 6.2 billion. 
Through its subsidiary, Taiwan Orsted Financial Services Co. Ltd., Ørsted Wind also has access to Taiwanese 
Dollars liquidity reserves through the 5-year NTD 25 billion Green Revolving Loan Facility. As of end 
December 2021, NTD 23.0 billion remains undrawn and available. Cash positions with Ørsted Wind will

--- Page 160 ---
160
generally be deposited with Ørsted through the Group’s cash pool arrangement with banks. NTD cash positions 
in Ørsted Wind and its Taiwanese subsidiaries will be deposited with banks in Taiwan.
Credit Ratings
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Taiwan Rating Corp. has assigned Ørsted Wind a long-term issuer credit 
rating of twAA (stable outlook). Taiwan Rating Corp. is a subsidiary of S&P18.
Risk Management
As a subsidiary of the Group, Ørsted Wind is covered by the risk management policies and practices and defined 
by the Group – see the subsection “Risk Management of the Group” under Ørsted A/S in the base prospectus.
Legal Proceedings
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ørsted Wind is not engaged in any disputes that could have a significant 
effect on its financial position or profitability.
Material Contracts
Ørsted Wind has no material contracts, other than contracts in the ordinary course of business, into which Ørsted 
Wind or any of its subsidiaries have entered, which contain obligations or entitlements that are material to 
Ørsted Wind’s financial position or profitability activities in Taiwan as at the date of this Base Prospectus.
Management
Ørsted Wind is governed by the Board of Directors, which has overall responsibility for the management of 
Ørsted Wind’s business.
According to the Articles of Association of Ørsted Wind, the Board of Directors must consist of three to six 
members elected by the shareholders for one year at the time with the possibility of re-election. The Board of 
Directors currently consists of three members.
The Board of Directors has appointed Ørsted Wind’s management which is the registered management with the 
Danish Business Authority. Ørsted Wind’s management currently consists of one person.
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee is Ørsted A/S, 
Kraftværksvej 53, Skærbæk, DK-7000 Fredericia, Denmark.
Board of Directors, Management and Employees
The members of the Board of Directors of Ørsted Wind, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, were:
Name
Year Born
Year First 
Appointed
Current 
Term 
Expires
Position
Daniel Lerup
1983
2020
2022
Chairman
Christy Wang
1972
2022
2022
Deputy Chair
                                                       
18 Taiwan Rating defines twAA for issuer’s as follows: An obligor rated “twAA” differs from the highest rated obligors (ttwAAA) only to a 
small degree and has very strong capacity to meet its financial commitments relative to other Taiwanese obligors. The issuer credit rating is a 
forward-looking opinion about the overall capacity of a debt issuer, guarantor, or other provider of credit-enhancement (“obligor”) to meet its 
financial obligations relative to other obligors in the Taiwanese domestic financial markets.

--- Page 161 ---
161
Lars Brinch Danielsen
1978
2021
2022
      Director
Daniel Lerup is employed with Ørsted where he holds the position of Senior Vice President, Commercial and 
EPC & Operations Finance.
Christy Wang is employed with Ørsted where she holds the position of General Manager Taiwan.  
Lars Brinch Danielsen is employed with Ørsted where he holds the position of Vice President, Business Finance.
Lars Brinch Danielsen makes up the executive management of Ørsted Wind and is a registered manager of 
Ørsted Wind with the Danish Business Authority.
Besides the executive management, Ørsted Wind has no direct employees.
Statement on Conflicts of Interest
No actual or potential conflicts of interest exist with respect to the duties of any member of the Board of 
Directors or Executive Management towards Ørsted Wind and their private interests and/or duties to other 
persons.
Corporate Governance
As a subsidiary of the Ørsted Group, Ørsted Wind is subject to and covered by the corporate governance 
practices and policies of the Ørsted Group – see the subsection “Management, Corporate governance” under 
Ørsted A/S in the base prospectus.
Selected Financial Information
The following tables set out selected financial information concerning Ørsted Wind’s assets and liabilities, 
financial position and profits and losses as at the dates and for the periods specified therein:
Table 1: Ørsted Wind – Income Statement (Danish GAAP)
Income
FY 2020(1)
FY 2021(1)
(DKK million)
EBIT....................................................................................................................
-1.7
-1.2
Profit/loss before tax.............................................................................................
138.8
3,021
Profit/loss for the year/period................................................................................
108.3
3,067
Notes:
(1)
Source: Audited annual report of Ørsted Wind for the financial year ended 31 December 2021.
Table 2: Ørsted Wind - Balance Sheet (Danish GAAP)
Assets
FY 2020(1)
FY 2021(1)
(DKK million)
Investments in subsidiaries ...................................................................................
11,008
5,390
Other non-current assets .......................................................................................
0
0
Receivables from group enterprises.......................................................................
4,248
12,691

--- Page 162 ---
162
Cash at bank.........................................................................................................
1,535
27
Other current assets..............................................................................................
2
57
Total assets ..........................................................................................................
16,792
18,165
Equity and Liabilities
FY 2020(1)
FY 2021(1)
(DKK million)
Share capital ........................................................................................................
7,276
7,276
Equity..................................................................................................................
7,358
10,425
Bonds ..................................................................................................................
5,747
6,363
Other non-current liabilities..................................................................................
0
1,289
Current liabilities..................................................................................................
3,687
88
Total equity and liabilities ....................................................................................
16,792
18,165
Notes:
(1)
Source: Audited annual report of Ørsted Wind for the financial year ended 31 December 2021.
Auditors of Ørsted Wind
The auditors of Ørsted Wind for 2020 and 2021 were PwC (authorised by the Danish Commerce and Companies 
Agency and regulated by the Danish Auditors Act and otherwise by the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark). 
PwC have audited the parent company financial statements of Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 in accordance with the Danish Financial Statements Act and 
additional requirements under Danish audit regulation. PwC has issued an unqualified auditors’ report without 
emphasis of matter on such parent company financial statements. PwC has no financial interest in Ørsted.

--- Page 163 ---
163
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEAhas been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]19
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “Prospectus Regulation”).
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]20
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
                                                       
19 Include where “Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors” under Part B item 9 (Distribution) of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”.
20 Include where “Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors” under Part B item 9 (Distribution) of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”.

--- Page 164 ---
164
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – In connection 
with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the “SFA”), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products.]21
Final Terms dated [date]
Ørsted A/S
Legal entity identifier (LEI): W9NG6WMZIYEU8VEDOG48
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] by Ørsted A/S (the “Issuer”) 
Guaranteed by Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S
under the €7,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 22 February 2022 [and the supplement(s) thereto dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] [is] [are] available for viewing [on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu] and copies may be obtained from Nesa Allé 1, 2820 Gentofte, 
Denmark.]
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or to supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA], in each case, 
in relation to such an offer.]22
                                                       
21 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer is to consider, prior to the launch of the offer, the product classification of the 
relevant Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.
22 Include this text if the Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors and the Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors legends are deleted.

--- Page 165 ---
165
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date).
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the “Conditions”) 
contained in the Trust Deed dated [4 November 2019/3 May 2019/17 May 2017/30 October 2020] and set forth 
in the [base prospectus] dated [4 November 2019/3 May 2019/17 May 2017/30 October 2020] and incorporated 
by reference into the base prospectus dated 22 February 2022 [and the supplement(s) thereto dated [●]]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation] and in order to obtain all the relevant 
information must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 22 February 2022 [and the 
supplement(s) thereto dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The base prospectuses [and the supplement(s) thereto] are available for viewing [on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu] and copies may be obtained from Nesa Allé 1, 
2820 Gentofte, Denmark.]
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms).
1
(i)
Series Number:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the temporary 
Global Note for interests in the permanent Global Note, as 
described in these Final Terms [which is expected to occur on 
or about [●]]]
2
Specified Currency:
[●]
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes:
(i)
Series:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche:
[●]
4
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]]
5
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
6
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
Issue Date/Not Applicable/Other
7
Maturity Date:
[●]
8
Interest Basis:
[●]
per cent. Fixed 
Rate/[EURIBOR/ 
CIBOR/CMS 
London/CMS Brussels/[specify benchmark]] [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate/Zero Coupon/Inflation Linked Interest
See paragraph 13/14/15/16 below

--- Page 166 ---
166
9
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date [at par/in 
instalments/in accordance with Condition 6(a) – Indexation of 
Principal
10
Change of Interest or Redemption/ 
Payment Basis:
Not Applicable/[●]
11
Put/Call Options:
[Not Applicable]
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Make-Whole Redemption Amount]
[Clean-up Call Option]
[Redemption for Index Reasons]
12
Date of Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:
[●]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-annually/
quarterly/monthly/other] in arrear]
(ii)
[Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year [adjusted for payment purposes only in 
accordance with the [Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]/, not 
adjusted]]
(iii) [Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount]
(iv) [Broken Amount(s):
Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]
(v)
[Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]]
(vi) [Determination Date(s):
Not Applicable/[●] in each year]
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Interest Period(s):
[●]]
(ii)
[Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates:
[●]]

--- Page 167 ---
167
(iii) [First Interest Payment Date:
[●]]
(iv) [Interest Period Date:
Not Applicable/[●]]
(v)
[Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention]
[Following Business Day Convention]
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention]
(vi) [Business Centre(s):
[●]]
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(viii)[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rates of Interest 
and Interest Amounts):
Calculation Agent/[●]]
(ix) [Screen Rate Determination:

Reference Rate:
EURIBOR/CIBOR/CMS London/CMS Brussels/ [specify 
benchmark]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●]

Relevant Screen Page:
[●]

[CMS 
London/CMS 
Brussels only:]

Designated Maturity:
[●]

Floating Rate Option:
[●]

Reset Date(s):
[●]]
(x)
[ISDA Determination:

Floating Rate Option:
[●]

Designated Maturity:
[●]

Reset Date:
[●]
(xi) [Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation]]
(xii) [Margin(s):
+/- [●] per cent. per annum]
(xiii)[Minimum Rate of Interest:
Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum]
(xiv) [Maximum Rate of Interest:
Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum]
(xv) [Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 168 ---
168
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]]
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum]
16
Inflation Linked Note Provisions
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Index:
[RPI/CPI]]
(ii)
[Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Index Ratio]
(iii) [Name 
and 
address 
of 
Calculation Agent:
[●]]
(iv) [Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●]]
(v)
[Business Day Convention:
[Not Applicable]
[Floating Rate Convention]
[Following Business Day Convention]
[Modified Following Business Day Convention]
[Preceding Business Day Convention]
(vi) [Additional Business Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]]
(vii) [Day Count Fraction
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]]
(viii)[Base Index Figure:
[●]]
(ix) [Index Figure applicable to:
[[●] month lag applies] [Not Applicable]]
(x)
[t:
[●] [Not Applicable]]
(xi) [Reference Gilt:
[[●] per cent. Index-Linked Treasury Stock due [●]]
[Not Applicable]]
(xii) [Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum]
(xiii)[Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17
Call Option:
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 169 ---
169
(i)
[Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]]
(ii)
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount]
(iii) [If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount]
(iv) [Notice period:
As set out in the Conditions/[●]]
18
Clean-up Call Option:
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Early Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount]
(ii)
[Minimum Percentage:
[●] per cent.]
(iii) [Notice period:
As set out in the Conditions/[●]]
19
Make-Whole Redemption:
Applicable/Applicable from, and including, [●] to, but 
excluding, [●]/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin:
[●]]
(ii)
[Notice period:
As set out in the Conditions/[●]]
(iii) [Make-Whole Reference Bond:
[●]]
(iv) [If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount]
20
Put Option:
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]]
(ii)
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount]
(iii) [Notice period:
As set out in the Conditions/[●]]
21
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(i)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(ii)
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 170 ---
170
22
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable per Note 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption:
[●] per Calculation Amount
23
Fundamental Change Reference 
Bond:
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
24
Form of Notes:
[Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [in 
the limited circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[in the limited circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Note]]]
[Exchangeable Bearer Notes]
[Registered Notes:
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€[1] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)]]
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable
25
New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure:
Yes/No/Not Applicable
26
Green Bond:
Yes/No
27
Financial Centre(s):
Not Applicable/[●]
28
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature):
Yes. The Talons mature on [●]/No
29
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment date on 
which each payment is to be made:
Not Applicable/[●]
SIGNATURE
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

--- Page 171 ---
171
By:
..........................................................
Duly authorised
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor:
By:
..........................................................
Duly authorised]

--- Page 172 ---
172
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to the [Official List] of [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and to trading on [the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[●]]/[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [●].]/[Not Applicable]
The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is 
a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”) of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on markets in financial instruments
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate the 
original Notes are already admitted to trading)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●]
2
RATINGS
The Notes to be issued have not been rated./The Notes to be issued have been rated:
[[Moody’s France S.A.S.
(“Moody’s”):
[●]
[An obligation rated '[ ]' [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below]. 
The modifier ['1' indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic category / ‘2’ indicates a mid-range 
ranking / ‘3’ indicates a ranking in the lower end of that 
generic rating category] [Delete as applicable]. 
(Source: 
Moody's, 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-
process/Ratings-Definitions/002002)]
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited
(“S&P”):
[●]
[An obligation rated '[ ]' [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below]. 
The [plus “+” / minus “-”] [Delete as applicable] sign 
indicates relative standing within the rating categories. 
(Source: 
S&P, 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/
-/view/sourceId/504352)]
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited
(“Fitch”):
[●]
[An obligation rated ‘[●]’ [Insert definition of [●] available 
via weblink below].

--- Page 173 ---
173
The modifier [“+” / “-“] [Delete as applicable] appended to 
the rating denotes relative status within major rating 
categories. 
(Source, 
Fitch 
Ratings, 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions)]
3
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES]23
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used [by 
the Issuer for general corporate purposes/[specify use of 
proceeds]./An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue 
of Notes will be used by the Issuer exclusively to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Green Projects].]
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different will need to include those reasons 
here.)
(ii)
[[Estimated net proceeds:
[●]]]
(iii) [[Estimated total expenses:
[●]]]
4
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer/[●]
5
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
6
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CIBOR/CMS London/CMS Brussels/[specify benchmark]] rates can be 
obtained from [●]
7
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE INDEX: 
(Inflation-Linked Notes only)
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the index/formula can be obtained on 
[insert relevant website where published/Bloomberg page].
[Include details of where the information about [the/each] Index can be obtained.]
[Not Applicable]
8
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]
9
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent:
[●]
                                                       
23 Include only if Notes are issued that require information to be given in accordance with Annex XII of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980.

--- Page 174 ---
174
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s):
[●]/Not Applicable
Names and addresses of additional
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
Not Applicable/[●]
10
DISTRIBUTION
Method of syndication:
Syndicated/Non-syndicated
Name[s] of Manager[s]:
[●]
[Date of Subscription Agreement:
[●]]
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
Not Applicable/[●]
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]24
Prohibition of sales to UK retail 
investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 25
Prohibition of sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before selecting 
“Not Applicable”)
11
ADDITIONAL OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]:
Not Applicable/[●]
Delivery:
Against payment/Free of payment
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Not Applicable]
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered notes]] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name 
                                                       
24 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged”
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.
25 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged”
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.

--- Page 175 ---
175
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]]
Relevant Benchmark:
[[EURIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011(the “Benchmark Regulation”).]/[As far as the 
Company is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the “Benchmark Regulation”).]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 176 ---
176
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Exempt Notes issued under the Programme will be 
substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Exempt Notes 
and their issue.
References to “Notes” in the Pricing Supplement shall be read and construed as a reference to Exempt Notes.
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
“PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. THE 
COMMISSION DE SURVEILLANCE DU SECTEUR FINANCIER HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR 
REVIEWED ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND ANY NOTES 
ISSUED PURSUANT TO THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT ARE NOT COMPLIANT WITH THE 
PROSPECTUS REGULATION.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Exempt Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Exempt Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Exempt Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “Prospectus Regulation”).
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Exempt Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Exempt Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Exempt Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Exempt Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject

--- Page 177 ---
177
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Exempt Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – In connection 
with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the “SFA”), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and Monetary Authority of Singapore Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]26]
Pricing Supplement dated [date]
[Ørsted A/S
Legal entity identifier (LEI): W9NG6WMZIYEU8VEDOG48]
[Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900GP5ZYMYXKYNF09
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] by [Ørsted A/S/Ørsted Wind 
Power TW Holding A/S] (the “Issuer”) Guaranteed by [Ørsted A/S/Ørsted Wind Power TW 
Holding A/S] (the “Guarantor”)
under the €7,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 22 February 2022 [and the supplementary listing particular(s) dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] listing particulars (the “Listing Particulars”). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement 
of the Exempt Notes described herein must be read in conjunction with the Listing Particulars in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Exempt Notes is only available 
                                                       
26 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 178 ---
178
on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Listing Particulars. The Listing Particulars 
[and any supplement(s) thereto] [is] [are] available for viewing during normal business hours at, and copies 
may be obtained from, the registered offices of the Issuer at Nesa Allé 1, 2820 Gentofte, Denmark.
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under Listing Particulars with an earlier date).
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the “Conditions”) 
contained in the Trust Deed dated [4 November 2019/3 May 2019/17 May 2017/30 October 2020] and set forth 
in the base prospectus dated [4 November 2019/3 May 2019/17 May 2017/30 October 2020] and incorporated 
by reference into the base prospectus dated 22 February 2022 [and the supplement(s) thereto dated [●]]. This 
document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Exempt Notes described herein and in order to obtain all 
the relevant information must be read in conjunction with the listing particulars dated 22 February 2022 [and 
the supplement(s) thereto dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] listing particulars (the “Listing 
Particulars”). The Listing Particulars [and any supplement(s) thereto are available for viewing during normal 
business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the registered offices of the Issuer at Nesa Allé 1, 2820 
Gentofte, Denmark]
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement).
1
(i)
Series Number:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:
Not Applicable/The Exempt Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the temporary 
Global Note for interests in the permanent Global Note, as 
described in this Pricing Supplement [which is expected to 
occur on or about [●]]
2
Specified Currency:
[●]/[New Taiwan Dollar (“NTD”)]
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes:
(i)
Series:
[●]
(ii)
Tranche:
[●]
4
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]]
5
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
6
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
Issue Date/Not Applicable/Other
7
Maturity Date:
[●]

--- Page 179 ---
179
8
Interest Basis:
[●]
per cent. Fixed 
Rate/[EURIBOR/ 
CIBOR/CMS 
London/CMS Brussels/[specify benchmark]] [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate/[Zero Coupon]/[Inflation Linked Interest]27
See paragraph 13/14/15/16 below
9
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date [at par/in 
instalments/in accordance with Condition 6(a) – Indexation of 
Principal
10
Change of Interest or Redemption/ 
Payment Basis:
Not Applicable/[●]
11
Put/Call Options:
[Not Applicable]
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Make-Whole Redemption Amount]
[Clean-up Call Option]
[Redemption for Index Reasons]28
12
Date of Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:
[●]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-annually/
quarterly/monthly/other] in arrear]
(ii)
[Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year [adjusted for payment purposes only in 
accordance with the [Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]/, not 
adjusted]]
(iii) [Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount]
(iv) [Broken Amount(s):
Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]
(v)
[Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]]
                                                       
27 Only select this option for issuances of Notes (other than NTD Notes).
28 Only select this option for issuances of Notes (other than NTD Notes).

--- Page 180 ---
180
(vi) [Determination Date(s):
Not Applicable/[●] in each year]
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Interest Period(s):
[●]]
(ii)
[Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates:
[●]]
(iii) [First Interest Payment Date:
[●]]
(iv) [Interest Period Date:
Not Applicable/[●]]
(v)
[Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention]
[Following Business Day Convention]
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention]
(vi) [Business Centre(s):
[●]]
(vii) [Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(viii)[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rates of Interest 
and Interest Amounts):
Calculation Agent/[●]]
(ix) [Screen Rate Determination:

Reference Rate:
EURIBOR/CIBOR/CMS London/CMS Brussels/ [specify 
benchmark]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●]

Relevant Screen Page:
[●]

[CMS 
London/CMS 
Brussels only:]

Designated Maturity:
[●]

Floating Rate Option:
[●]

Reset Date(s):
[●]]
(x)
[ISDA Determination:

Floating Rate Option:
[●]

Designated Maturity:
[●]

Reset Date:
[●]
(xi) [Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation]]
(xii) [Margin(s):
+/- [●] per cent. per annum]
(xiii)[Minimum Rate of Interest:
Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 181 ---
181
(xiv) [Maximum Rate of Interest:
Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum]
(xv) [Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]]
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum]
16
Inflation Linked Note Provisions
Applicable29/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Index:
[RPI/CPI]]
(ii)
[Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Index Ratio]
(iii) [Name 
and 
address 
of 
Calculation Agent:
[●]]
(iv) [Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●]]
(v)
[Business Day Convention:
[Not Applicable]
[Floating Rate Convention]
[Following Business Day Convention]
[Modified Following Business Day Convention]
[Preceding Business Day Convention]
(vi) [Additional Business Centre(s):
[●][Not Applicable]]
(vii) [Day Count Fraction
[Actual/Actual]
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]]
(viii)[Base Index Figure:
[●]]
(ix) [Index Figure applicable to:
[[●] month lag applies] [Not Applicable]]
(x)
[t:
[●] [Not Applicable]]
(xi) [Reference Gilt:
[[●] per cent. Index-Linked Treasury Stock due [●]]
[Not Applicable]]
                                                       
29 Only select this option for issuances of Notes (other than NTD Notes).

--- Page 182 ---
182
(xii) [Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum]
(xiii)[Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17
Call Option:
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]]
(ii)
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount]
(iii) [If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount]
(iv) [Notice period:
As set out in the Conditions/[●]]
18
Clean-up Call Option:
Applicable/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Early Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount]
(ii)
[Minimum Percentage:
[●] per cent.]
(iii) [Notice period:
As set out in the Conditions/[●]]
19
Make-Whole Redemption:
Applicable/Applicable from, and including, [●] to, but 
excluding, [●]/Not Applicable
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin:
[●]]
(ii)
[Notice period:
As set out in the Conditions/[●]]
(iii) [Make-Whole Reference Bond:
[●]]
(iv) [If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount]
20
Put Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]30
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]]
                                                       
30 Select “Not Applicable” for issuances of NTD Notes.

--- Page 183 ---
183
(ii)
[Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount]
(iii) [Notice period:
As set out in the Conditions/[●]]
21
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
22
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable per Note 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption:
[●] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
23
Form of Notes:
[Bearer Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [in 
the limited circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Note]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[in the limited circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Note]]]
[Exchangeable Bearer Notes]
[Registered Notes:
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€[1] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)]]
[Registered Book-Entry Notes:
Registered Book-Entry Notes registered by the TDCC]31
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable
24
New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure:
Yes/No/Not Applicable
25
Green Bond:
Yes/No
26
Financial Centre(s):
Not Applicable/[●]
27
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Yes. The Talons mature on [●]/No
                                                       
31 Select this option for NTD Notes.

--- Page 184 ---
184
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature):
28
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment date on 
which each payment is to be made:
Not Applicable/[●]
SIGNATURE
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By:
..........................................................
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor:
By:
..........................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 185 ---
185
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING
(a)
Listing:
[Taipei Exchange/[●]/None]
(b)
Admission to trading:
[[●]/None] [Application [has been made] [is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Taipei Exchange (“TPEx”) in the 
Republic of China (“ROC”). The Notes will be traded on the
TPEx pursuant to the applicable rules of the TPEx. Effective 
date of listing of the Notes on the TPEx is expected on or 
about [●].
The TPEx is not responsible for the content of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Base Prospectus and any supplement or 
amendment thereto and no representation is made by the 
TPEx to the accuracy or completeness of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Base Prospectus and any supplement or 
amendment thereto. The TPEx expressly disclaims any and all 
liability for any losses arising from, or as a result of the 
reliance on, all or part of the contents of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Base Prospectus and any supplement or 
amendment thereto. Admission to listing and trading of the 
Notes on the TPEx shall not be taken as an indication of the 
merits of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes.]
(c)
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading:
[●]
2
RATINGS
The Notes to be issued have not been rated./The Notes to be issued have been rated:
[[Moody’s France S.A.S.
[(“Moody’s”)]:
[●]]
[An obligation rated '[ ]' [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below]. 
The modifier ['1' indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic category / ‘2’ indicates a mid-range 
ranking / ‘3’ indicates a ranking in the lower end of that 
generic rating category] [Delete as applicable]. 
(Source: 
Moody's, 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-
process/Ratings-Definitions/002002)]
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited
[(“S&P”)]:
[●]]
[An obligation rated '[ ]' [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below]. 
The [plus “+” / minus “-”] [Delete as applicable] sign 
indicates relative standing within the rating categories. 
(Source: 
S&P, 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/
-/view/sourceId/504352)]

--- Page 186 ---
186
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited
[(“Fitch”)]:
[●]]
[An obligation rated ‘[●]’ [Insert definition of [●] available 
via weblink below].
The modifier [“+” / “-“] [Delete as applicable] appended to 
the rating denotes relative status within major rating 
categories. 
(Source, 
Fitch 
Ratings, 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions)]
3
REASONS FOR THE OFFER
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used [by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes/[specify use of proceeds]./An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be 
used by the Issuer exclusively to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Projects].]
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons for offer different will need to include 
those reasons here.)
4
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Listing Particulars, so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Exempt Notes has an interest material to the offer/[●]
5
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
6
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CIBOR/CMS London/CMS Brussels/[specify benchmark]] rates can be 
obtained from [●]
7
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE INDEX: 
(Inflation-Linked Notes only)32
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the index/formula can be obtained on 
[insert relevant website where published/Bloomberg page].
[Include details of where the information about [the/each] Index can be obtained.]
[Not Applicable]
8
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]
9
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent:
[●]
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s):
CTBC Bank Co., Ltd./[●]/Not Applicable
                                                       
32 Only select this option for issuances of Notes (other than NTD Notes).

--- Page 187 ---
187
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
Not Applicable/[●]
10
DISTRIBUTION
Method of syndication:
Syndicated/Non-syndicated
Name[s] of Manager[s]:
[●]
[Date of Subscription Agreement:
[●]]
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
Not Applicable33/[●]
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]34
Prohibition of sales to UK retail 
investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]35
Prohibition of sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before selecting 
“Not Applicable”)
11
ADDITIONAL OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]:
[Not Applicable]
[Taiwanese Depository & Clearing Corporation]36
[●]
Delivery:
Against payment/Free of payment
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:
[Not Applicable]37
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered notes]] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in 
                                                       
33 Select this option for issuances of NTD Notes.
34 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged”
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.
35 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged”
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.
36 Select this option for issuances of NTD Notes.
37 Select this option for issuances of NTD Notes.

--- Page 188 ---
188
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]]
Relevant Benchmark:
[[EURIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”).]/[As far as the 
Company is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the “Benchmark Regulation”).]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 189 ---
189
TAXATION
Persons considering the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes should consult their own tax advisors 
concerning the tax consequences in light of their particular situations. No representations with respect to the tax 
consequences of any particular holder are made hereby.
Danish Taxation
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to the Danish tax 
laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation 
and application thereof which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all 
categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. The tax considerations for Danish 
resident investors of requiring, holding or disposing the Notes depend on the investor’s tax status and the 
specific terms applicable to every single emission. Potential investors are in all circumstances strongly 
recommended to contact their own tax advisors to clarify the individual consequences of the investment, holding 
and disposal of the Notes. No representations with respect to the tax consequences of any particular holder are 
made hereby. In relation to the below it is assumed that the Notes issued qualify as ordinary debt instruments 
for Danish tax purposes. The Notes may not constitute debt instruments for Danish tax purposes if the final 
terms of the Notes contain terms which are unusual for debt instruments, for example that the Notes are issued 
with no fixed maturity date (i.e. perpetual Notes) or with an extremely long majority date. Generally, Danish 
tax law adheres to the civil law qualification and as the Notes from a civil law perspective constitute debt 
instruments, they should, generally, be recognized accordingly for tax purposes, but the determination will 
depend on the final terms of the Notes. If the Notes were not to constitute debt instruments for Danish tax 
purposes, then the tax treatment of the Notes, including whether payments under the Notes would be subject to 
Danish withholding tax, would depend on how the Notes were qualified for Danish tax purposes. This 
qualification would depend on the final terms of the Notes.
Non-Danish tax residents
Under existing Danish tax laws all payments of the Notes will be made without deduction of Danish withholding 
tax except in certain cases on payments between affiliated parties as referred to in sections 2 (1) (d) and 2 (1) 
(h) of the Danish Corporation Tax Act (Consolidated Act no. 251 of 22 February 2021, as amended) and section 
65 D of the Danish Withholding Tax Act (Consolidated Act no. 251 of 22 February 2021, as amended). 
According to Danish withholding tax rules, subject as set out in the paragraph below, there should be no Danish 
tax implications for holders of the Notes that are not affiliated with the Issuer pursuant to Chapter 4 of the 
Danish Tax Control Act (Consolidated Act. no. 1987 of 27 October 2021, as amended). Under Danish law, 
affiliated parties would include, but not be limited to, cases where one party directly or indirectly controls the 
other party by way of ownership of a majority of the share capital or voting rights or by way of agreement or 
where the two parties are subject to common control.
Pursuant to section 3 of the Danish Tax Assessments Act (Consolidated Act no. 1735 of 17 August 2021, as 
amended), an arrangement or series of arrangements (i) not entered into for commercial reasons reflecting the 
underlying economic reality and (ii) which are implemented for the primary purpose of obtaining, or one of the 
primary purposes of which is to obtain, a tax benefit which is against the purpose and intent of the Danish tax 
laws should be ignored for purposes of calculating the Danish tax liability. The general anti-abuse rule in section 
3 of the Danish Tax Assessments Act was enacted on 1 January 2019, and it is presently unclear how the rule 
could be applied. If a holder of Notes is considered to have taken part in an arrangement that is covered by

--- Page 190 ---
190
Section 3 of the Danish Tax Assessments Act this could result in the application of withholding tax to payments 
made to such holder under the Notes.
Danish tax residents
Danish tax resident investors (including investors with a permanent establishment in Denmark which the Notes 
are attributable to) will generally be taxable on interest. Both capital gains and losses, if any, will with few 
exceptions be taxable or respectively deductible. One exception to this concerns private individual investors. 
Such investors are subject to Danish taxation on gains and losses on bonds denominated in all currencies with 
the exception of an annual de minimis threshold of DKK 2,000.
Luxembourg Taxation
The following is a general description of certain tax laws relating to the Notes as in effect and as applied by 
the relevant tax authorities as at the date of this Base Prospectus and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
discussion of the tax treatment of the Notes.
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisors on the implications of making an 
investment in, holding or disposing of Notes and the receipt of interest with respect to such Notes under the 
laws of the countries in which they may be liable to taxation.
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect subject to certain exceptions (as described below), there is no 
Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest).
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg paying 
agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Responsibility for 
withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.
The U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”)
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Denmark) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions 
— Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of 
the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with

--- Page 191 ---
191
respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding.

--- Page 192 ---
192
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a Dealer Agreement dated 22 February 2022 (such 
agreement, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”) between the 
Issuers, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be offered from time to time by the Relevant 
Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, each Relevant Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on 
its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, 
or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also 
be sold by the Relevant Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Relevant Issuer. The Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers.
The Relevant Issuer, failing which the Relevant Guarantor, will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as 
agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it, which commission may be deducted from the net 
proceeds payable to the Relevant Issuer on the closing of any series of Notes. Ørsted has agreed to reimburse 
the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the establishment and any future update of 
the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with issues of Notes under the 
Programme.
The Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any 
agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being 
made to the Relevant Issuer.
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, each of the Issuers and their 
respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt 
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuers or their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of such Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.
United States
The Notes, the Downstream Guarantee and the Upstream Guarantee have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except

--- Page 193 ---
193
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, 
sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as 
determined, and certified to the Relevant Issuer and to the Relevant Guarantor, by the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member 
State (each a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:
(a)
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Relevant Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 194 ---
194
(c)
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For these purposes:
(a)
a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:
(a)
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to

--- Page 195 ---
195
obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Relevant Issuer for any 
such offer; or
(c)
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor; 
and
(b)
it has complied with and shall comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly 
or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan.
Republic of Italy
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa
(the “CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy, except in accordance with the exceptions provided under the Prospectus Regulation 
and any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, any 
Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy except:

--- Page 196 ---
196
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended
(the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or
(b)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must:
(i)
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to time; and
(ii)
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority.
Switzerland
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes 
described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the 
Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
Belgium
Unless the Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it 
has not offered or sold or otherwise made available and that it will not offer or sell or otherwise make available 
the Notes to consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit économique).
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the

--- Page 197 ---
197
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)), pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before 
an offer of Notes, the Relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
General
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws, regulations and 
directives in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms (or any Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be) and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Arranger, 
any of the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee represents 
that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale.

--- Page 198 ---
198
GENERAL INFORMATION
(1)
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued by Ørsted and which is to be 
admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II) will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of the 
temporary or permanent Global Note or one or more certificates in respect of each Tranche. The listing 
of the Programme in respect of the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) is expected to be granted on or 
around 22 February 2022.
(2)
In the case of Exempt Notes issued by either of Ørsted or Ørsted Wind, the relevant Notes will not be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on the Market or any other regulated market in the EEA or in the United 
Kingdom, and the applicable Pricing Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Notes will be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on an unregulated market.
(3)
Each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the update of the Programme and the giving of the Downstream Guarantee and the 
Upstream Guarantee relating to the issue of various Series of Notes under the Programme. The update 
of the Programme, the issue of any Notes thereunder including the giving of the Downstream Guarantee 
by Ørsted relating to Notes issued by Ørsted Wind under the Programme were authorised by resolutions 
of the Board of Directors of Ørsted passed on 1 December 2021. The entry into and update of the 
Programme, the issue of any Notes thereunder including the giving of the Upstream Guarantee by Ørsted 
Wind relating to Notes issued by Ørsted was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
Ørsted Wind dated 26 January 2022.
(4)
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of Ørsted or the Group 
since 31 December 2021, the date to which the most recent published accounts were prepared, and no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Group since 31 December 2021, the date to which the 
most recent published audited annual accounts were prepared.
(5)
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of Ørsted Wind since 31
December 2021, the date to which the most recent published accounts were prepared, and no material 
adverse change in the prospects of Ørsted Wind since 31 December 2021, the date to which the most 
recent published audited annual accounts were prepared.
(6)
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which either Ørsted or Ørsted Wind are aware) during the 12 months preceding 
the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Group, except for those disclosed in “Ørsted A/S — Legal 
Proceedings and material contracts” on pages 145-147 of this Base Prospectus.
(7)
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the 
following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations 
under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in section 165(j) and 1287(a) 
of the Internal Revenue Code of the United States”.
(8)
Notes (other than NTD Notes) have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). In relation to any Tranche, 
Notes may also be cleared through such other clearing system as may be agreed between Ørsted, the 
Trustee and the relevant Dealer. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be). Notes issued in Series comprising more than one Tranche may be 
assigned a temporary ISIN and Common Code on issue. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank

--- Page 199 ---
199
SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
(9)
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). In the case of different 
Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from 
the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche 
of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in 
respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche.
(10)
The yield of each Tranche of Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will be calculated as of the relevant issue date 
on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield.
(11)
Neither Ørsted nor Ørsted Wind intends to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
issuances of Notes, except to the extent required by any applicable laws and regulations.
(12)
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, the information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as each of Ørsted and Ørsted is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third-party information is identified 
where used.
(13)
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available for inspection at www.orsted.com:
(i)
the Amended and Restated Trust Deed (which includes the forms of the Global Notes, the Global 
Certificates, the definitive Bearer Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons, the Receipts and the 
Talons);
(ii)
the Supplemental Trust Deed;
(iii)
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement;
(iv)
the Supplemental Agency Agreement;
(v)
the Articles of Association of Ørsted;
(vi)
the Articles of Association of Ørsted Wind;
(vii)
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Ørsted and the Group as at and for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020;
(viii)
the annual report of Ørsted Wind as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020;
(ix)
each Final Terms and each Pricing Supplement (save that in the case of Pricing Supplement 
relating to Exempt Notes, such Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Relevant Issuer 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent (or Taiwanese Paying Agent, as the case may be) as to its 
holding of Notes and identity);
(x)
all documents incorporated herein by reference; and

--- Page 200 ---
200
(xi)
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated therein.
(14)
This Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.bourse.lu
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Market 
Observation 
Post 
System 
at 
https://mops.twse.com.tw/mops/web/index.
(15)
Copies of the latest audited annual report and unaudited interim financial statements of Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind may be obtained, and copies of the Trust Deed will be available for inspection at, the 
specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes 
is outstanding.
(16)
The auditors of Ørsted, Ørsted Wind and the Group for 2021 and 2020 were PwC at its address of 
Strandvejen 44, DK-2900 Hellerup, Denmark (authorised by the Danish Business Authority and 
regulated by the Danish Auditors Act and otherwise by the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark), who have 
audited in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and additional requirements under 
Danish audit regulations the consolidated financial statements and parent company financial statements 
of Ørsted and the parent company financial statements of Ørsted Wind as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020, and have issued an auditors’ report on those financial statements 
of the Group without qualifications. PwC has no financial interest in Ørsted or the Group.
(17)
The Legal Entity Identifier code of Ørsted is W9NG6WMZIYEU8VEDOG48. The Legal Entity 
Identifier code of Ørsted Wind is 529900GP5ZYMYXKYNF09.
(18)
The website of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind is (www.orsted.com). The information on (www.orsted.com) 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 201 ---
201
GLOSSARY OF SELECTED ENERGY AND OTHER TERMS
The following explanations are not intended as technical definitions and are provided purely for assistance in 
understanding certain terms as used in this Base Prospectus.
“biomass”
Also known as biomass fuel. A term for all combustible organic 
materials including straw, woodchips and wood pellets. CO2
emissions produced by the combustion of biomass are not 
covered under the EU Emissions Trading Scheme. Biomass can 
be used in both central power plants and local CHP plants.
“central power plant”
A large power plant, typically with a net installed power capacity 
of over 100 MW.
“CHP”
Combined heat and power generation.
“CHP plant”
A CHP plant that generates both heat and power in the same 
process. The heat generated may be used for industrial purposes 
and/or district heating.
“CO2”
Carbon dioxide.
“CO2 Certificates”
Certificates for the emission of carbon dioxide under the EU 
Emissions Trading Scheme.
“district heating”
The supply of heat to customers who are connected to the 
centralised district heating system. The district heating system 
relies primarily upon CHP plants or generation from waste 
(either from a single generator, or from multiple generators) in 
order to supply heat.
“EU Emissions Trading Scheme”
The EU Emissions Trading Scheme, which aims to reduce 
emissions of carbon dioxide and combat climate change by 
means of a scheme that allocates CO2 Certificate allowances and 
enables power generators and other emitters to trade these CO2
Certificates.
“FID”
Final Investment Decision.
“fossil fuel”
Organic fuels including coal, coal products, natural gas, crude 
oil and other petroleum products.
“GW”
Gigawatt, a unit of power. 1 GW is equivalent to 1,000 MW and 
1,000,000,000 W
“kW”
Kilowatt, a unit of power. 1 kW is equivalent to 1,000 W.
“kWh”
Kilowatt hour. The amount of energy generated in 1 hour with 
the effect of 1,000 watt.
“LNG”
Liquefied Natural Gas.
“local CHP plant”
A CHP plant, typically with a net installed power capacity of less 
than 100 MW.
“MW”
Megawatt, a unit of power. 1 MW is equivalent to 1,000 kW and 
1,000,000 W

--- Page 202 ---
202
“natural gas”
Any hydrocarbons or mixture of hydrocarbons and other gases 
consisting primarily of methane which at normal operating 
conditions are in a gaseous state.
“net installed power capacity”
The maximum capacity at which a plant generating power is 
designed to operate (without heat generation), as measured at the 
point of entry to the transmission network (after deducting the 
power absorbed by plant use and the power lost in the 
transformers required to raise voltage to the network level).
“Nord Pool”
The Norwegian-based Nordic power exchange, which facilitates 
the trading of power in Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark.
“renewable energy”
Power and heat generated using renewable energy sources, 
which include water (hydropower) and wind (wind power).
“residential”
Private households.
“supply obligation”
A company with a supply obligation is bound by law to deliver 
power or natural gas in a certain geographic area at prices 
approved by the Danish Energy Regulatory Authority.
“thermal generation”
Power and heat generated through the combustion of fossil fuels, 
biomass or waste.
“TWh”
Terawatt hour. The amount of energy generated or used in 1 hour 
with the effect of 1 TW.
“wind power”
Power generated using onshore or offshore wind turbines.

--- Page 203 ---
203
HEAD OFFICE OF ØRSTED A/S AND ØRSTED WIND POWER TW HOLDING A/S
Kraftværksvej 53
Skærbæk
DK 7000 Fredericia
Denmark
ARRANGER
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
DEALERS
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
DO2RF29
Ireland
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
J.P. Morgan SE
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
TRUSTEE
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited
14th Floor, Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
TAIWANESE TRUSTEE
CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. 
No. 168, Jingmao 2nd Road, 
Nangang Dist., Taipei, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT
Citibank, N.A.
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom

--- Page 204 ---
204
TAIWANESE PAYING AGENT
CTBC Bank Co., Ltd.
No. 168, Jingmao 2nd Road
Nangang Dist., Taipei, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
REGISTRAR
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Germany Agency and Trust Department
Citigroup Global Transaction Services
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt
Germany
AUDITORS OF ØRSTED A/S
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab
Strandvejen 44
DK-2900 Hellerup
Denmark
LEGAL ADVISORS
To the Issuers as to Danish law
To the Arranger and the Dealers as to 
English law
To the Issuers as to Taiwanese law
Kromann Reumert
Sundkrogsgade 5
DK 2100 Copenhagen Ø
Denmark
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom
Lee and Li, Attorneys-at-Law
8F, No. 555
Sec. 4, Zhongxiao E. Rd.
Taipei 11072
Taiwan, R.O.C.