--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 4 March 2024  
 
ØRSTED A/S  
(incorporated as a public limited company in Denmark with CVR number 36213728) 
(AS ISSUER OF SENIOR NOTES, SENIOR NTD NOTES AND SUBORDINATED NOTES)  
and 
ØRSTED WIND POWER TW HOLDING A/S 
(incorporated as a public limited company in Denmark with CVR number 36035781)  
(AS ISSUER OF SENIOR NTD NOTES)  
 
€15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
guaranteed (in the case of Senior Notes and Senior NTD Notes issued by Ørsted A/S) by 
ØRSTED WIND POWER TW HOLDING A/S 
and 
guaranteed (in the case of Senior NTD Notes issued by Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S) by 
ØRSTED A/S 
 
Under the €15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), each of Ørsted A/S (“Ørsted”) 
and Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S (“Ørsted Wind”) (each an “Issuer” and together, the “Issuers” and each in its capacity as an individual issuer of Notes as 
the “Relevant Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue debt securities (the “Notes”).  
The Notes issued under the Programme may comprise (i) senior notes (the “Senior Notes”) of Ørsted, (ii) Senior Notes denominated in New Taiwan Dollar (the 
“Senior NTD Notes”) of either Ørsted or Ørsted Wind and (iii) subordinated notes (the “Subordinated Notes”) of Ørsted. Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) may 
be issued by Ørsted in any currency agreed between Ørsted and the Relevant Dealer(s). The Notes issued by Ørsted Wind may comprise only Senior Notes denominated 
in New Taiwan Dollar. No Subordinated Notes will be issued in New Taiwan Dollar. Any reference herein to “Senior Notes” shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to “Senior NTD Notes”. Senior Notes issued by Ørsted shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Ørsted 
Wind (the “Upstream Guarantee”) and Senior NTD Notes issued by Ørsted Wind shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Ørsted (the “Downstream 
Guarantee”). The Subordinated Notes will not be guaranteed. 
The Notes will be issued with a maturity date as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to increase as provided in the Dealer 
Agreement (as defined herein). Any Notes to be issued after the date hereof under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein save that Notes 
which are to be consolidated and form a single series with Notes issued prior to the date hereof will be issued subject to the Conditions (as defined below) applicable 
on the date of issue for the first tranche of Notes of such series. Subject as aforesaid, this does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof.  
Each Series of Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) to be issued under the Programme shall be constituted by a trust deed dated 4 March 2024 between Ørsted, Ørsted 
Wind and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”) (as may be amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated Trust 
Deed”), and issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement dated 4 March 2024 between Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated 
Agency Agreement”).  
Each Series of Senior NTD Notes to be issued under the Programme shall be constituted (i) by the Amended and Restated Trust Deed, as supplemented by a trust deed 
supplemental to the Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 4 March 2024 between Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Trustee and CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Taiwanese 
Trustee”) (as may be amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Supplemental Trust Deed” and, together with the Amended and Restated Trust 
Deed, the “Trust Deed”) and (ii) by registration in the book-entry system of the Taiwanese Depository & Clearing Corporation (the “TDCC”). Senior NTD Notes 
shall be issued pursuant to an agency agreement supplemental to the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 4 March 2024 between Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, 
the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent, CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Taiwanese Paying Agent”) and the other agents named 
in it (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Supplemental Agency Agreement” and, together with the Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement, the “Agency Agreement”).  
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act 
dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (as amended, the “Luxembourg Prospectus Act”) and Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
to approve this document as a base prospectus.  
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes and Exempt Notes (as defined below)) issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(the “Market”) and to be admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”). Notes to be admitted to trading on the Market and to 
be admitted to the Official List shall only be issued by Ørsted and not Ørsted Wind. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes (other than Exempt Notes) being

--- Page 2 ---
“listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes (other than Exempt Notes) have been admitted to trading on the Market and have been admitted to the 
Official List. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on markets in financial instruments. In the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), the relevant Notes will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on the Market or 
any other regulated market within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or the United Kingdom (the “UK”), and the relevant pricing supplement document (the 
“Pricing Supplement”) will state whether or not the relevant Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading on an unregulated market. Notes neither admitted to 
trading on the Market (or any other regulated market) nor admitted to the Official List (or the official list of any other stock exchange or competent authority) may be 
issued by either Ørsted or Ørsted Wind. 
Application has been made for the Senior NTD Notes to be listed on the Taipei Exchange (the “TPEx”) in the Republic of China and such Senior NTD Notes will be 
listed on the TPEx pursuant to the applicable rules of the TPEx. The TPEx is not responsible for the contents of this Base Prospectus and no representation is made by 
the TPEx as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus. The TPEx expressly disclaims any and all liability for any losses arising from, or as a result of 
the reliance on, all or part of the contents of this Base Prospectus. The admission to listing and trading of the Senior NTD Notes on the TPEx shall not be taken as an 
indication of the merits of either of Ørsted or Ørsted Wind or the Senior NTD Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of either of Ørsted or Ørsted Wind or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and 
financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of Ørsted or Ørsted Wind in accordance with Article 6(4) of 
the Luxembourg Prospectus Act. No money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months will be offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market under this Base Prospectus. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” (which expression shall include any Senior NTD Notes) are to notes for which no prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of any Exempt Notes issued pursuant to this Programme, this document does not constitute 
a base prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation and will constitute listing particulars. Information contained in this Base Prospectus 
regarding Exempt Notes and any Pricing Supplement relating thereto shall not be deemed to form part of this Base Prospectus, and the CSSF has neither 
approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the offering and sale of Exempt Notes or in the related Pricing 
Supplement to which the Exempt Notes are subject. 
In the case of Exempt Notes, each reference in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, unless the context requires otherwise. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval until 4 March 2025 and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will only apply for the time that this Base Prospectus is valid. This Base Prospectus 
supersedes and replaces the base prospectus dated 20 February 2023. 
Details of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes for each Tranche (as defined herein) of 
Notes will be set out in the relevant final terms document (the “Final Terms”) or the relevant Pricing Supplement in respect of the Senior Notes, Senior NTD Notes 
or in respect of the Subordinated Notes, as applicable, as the case may be, which, with respect to Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be delivered to the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such 
Tranche. 
Each Series of Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (a “temporary Global 
Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (a “permanent Global Note”, and each of the temporary Global Note and permanent Global Note, a “Global Note”). 
If a Global Note is issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Note will be delivered on or prior to the issue date to a common safekeeper (the “Common 
Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”) will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s 
entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). 
If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”), the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the issue date to a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates 
which are not held under the NSS may be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common 
Depositary”). 
Each Series of Senior NTD Notes will be issued in dematerialised, registered book-entry form. Senior NTD Notes will be settled through the book-entry system of the 
TDCC or such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Relevant Issuer, the Taiwanese Trustee and the Relevant Dealers. 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Overview of Provisions Relating to 
the Notes while in Global Form”.  
Senior Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated Baa1 by Moody’s France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”), BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”) and BBB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated Baa3 by Moody’s, BB by 
S&P and BBB- by Fitch. Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch are established in the European Union (“EU”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the “CRA Regulation”). As such, each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation and published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated (in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be)). Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) and such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Relevant Issuer or 
Notes already issued. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning agency.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
Arranger  
Morgan Stanley 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley

--- Page 4 ---
4 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of each Issuer, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
References herein to “Conditions” are: (i) in respect of Senior Notes (other than NTD Senior Notes), to the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes (other than the Senior NTD Notes)” (the “Senior Notes 
Conditions”); (ii) in respect of NTD Senior Notes, to the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior NTD Notes” 
(the “Senior NTD Notes Conditions”), or; (iii) in respect of Subordinated Notes, to the “Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes” (the “Subordinated Notes Conditions”), and references to a numbered Condition 
shall be construed accordingly. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Arranger, any of the 
Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale 
or delivery of any Notes shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change 
in the affairs of the Issuers or of Ørsted and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken together (the “Group”) since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuers or the Group since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or the United 
Kingdom or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA or the United Kingdom in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”), the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the 
“Securities Act”) and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States (“US”) 
or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee and the Taiwanese Trustee do not represent that 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuers, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee which 
would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and

--- Page 5 ---
5 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or other offering material may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA (including Belgium, Denmark and 
the Republic of Italy), Japan, Switzerland and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers accept any responsibility for 
the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger 
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuers or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger 
and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save 
as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Arranger, any of the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should purchase any Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance 
of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers, the Arranger, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of the Arranger, any of the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers nor the Trustee nor the Taiwanese Trustee makes any representation 
or warranty or assurance as to the suitability of the Notes, including the listing or admission to trading thereof 
on any dedicated ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green, social, environmental or sustainability criteria required 
by any prospective investors. In the event the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated ‘green’, 
‘social’ or ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any other stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Arranger or any of the Dealers that 
such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. Neither the Arranger nor 
any of the Dealers nor the Trustee nor the Taiwanese Trustee is responsible for any third party social, 
environmental and sustainability assessment of the Notes. The Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements 
or any future legal or industry standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. Investors 
should conduct their own assessment of the Notes from a sustainability perspective. The Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Trustee and the Taiwanese Trustee have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the 
eligibility criteria for Eligible Projects (as defined below), any verification of whether the Eligible Projects meet 
such criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of the Notes (or amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of 
the proceeds by the Relevant Issuer to particular Eligible Projects. Investors should refer to the Green Finance 
Framework and the CICERO Opinion (each as defined in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” below), as the 
same may be amended, superseded or replaced from time to time, and any public reporting by or on behalf of 
the Relevant Issuer for further information. Neither the Green Finance Framework nor the CICERO Opinion 
nor any public reporting will be incorporated by reference in, nor forms part of, this Base Prospectus and neither 
the Arranger nor any of the Dealers nor the Trustee nor the Taiwanese Trustee makes any representation as to 
the suitability or reliability or contents thereof for any purpose nor is any opinion or certification of any third 
party a recommendation by the Arranger or any Dealers to sell or hold the Notes. 
Ørsted’s exposure to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) risks and the related management 
arrangements established to mitigate those risks have been assessed by several agencies. For more information 
on Ørsted’s ESG ratings reference is made to “ØRSTED A/S – ESG Ratings”. ESG ratings may vary amongst 
ESG rating agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ. Ørsted’s ESG ratings are

--- Page 6 ---
6 
not indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the 
Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance, suitability and reliability of any such ESG ratings information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings 
shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or 
other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information 
regarding the valuation and assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the 
relevant rating agency’s website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, 
this Base Prospectus). No assurance is given by Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee or 
the Taiwanese Trustee that the ESG ratings will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of Ørsted’s operations. None of the Issuers, the 
Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee makes any representation as to the suitability or 
reliability of such ESG rating, as well as the accuracy and/or completeness of the underlying methodology 
applied by the relevant rating organisation in assigning such ESG rating. The Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee 
and the Taiwanese Trustee have not verified the ESG ratings or any other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee and the Taiwanese Trustee as to 
the accuracy or completeness of the ESG ratings or any other information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. 
These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the 
terms “believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or 
“should” or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of 
strategy, plans, objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all 
matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and 
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the intentions of the Issuers, beliefs or current expectations 
concerning, among other things, the business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects of the 
Issuers. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future 
events and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the 
financial position and results of operations of the Group, and the development of the markets and the industries 
in which members of the Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the 
forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. In addition, even if the Group’s results of 
operations and financial position, and the development of the markets and the industries in which the Group 
operates, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus, those results or 
developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, 
uncertainties and other factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by the forward-looking statements. See “Risk Factors” below. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to a “Member 
State” are references to a Member State of the EEA, references to the “EU” are to the European Union, 
references to “Danish Kroner” and “DKK” are to the currency of the Kingdom of Denmark, “Euro”, “euro”, 
“EUR” or “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union, pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended, references to “Pounds 
Sterling”, “GBP” and “£” are to the currency of the United Kingdom, references to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$”

--- Page 7 ---
7 
and “$” are to the currency of the United States of America and references to “New Taiwan Dollar” and “NTD” 
are to the currency of the ROC. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme — 
Method of Issue”) (other than Senior NTD Notes), to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, 
the Dealer(s) (if any) acting as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:  
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and 
(f) 
understand the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications and aspects of purchasing, holding and 
disposing of an interest in the relevant Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should

--- Page 8 ---
8 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk based capital or similar rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The relevant Final Terms (or relevant Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The relevant Final Terms (or relevant Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK

--- Page 9 ---
9 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
Notice to Investors in Canada – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit pre-
scribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of 
a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), 
the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter 
conflicts of interest in connection with the offerings of the Notes contemplated in this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms (or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be).  
Benchmarks Regulation – Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the “BMR”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final 
Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) for any such Notes will specify whether the 
administrator for the relevant reference rate appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
the BMR. The registration status of any administrator under the BMR is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Relevant Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms (or the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” below), references to websites or uniform resource locators (“URLs”) in this Base

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Prospectus are inactive textual references. The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................12 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................24 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................57 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................................60 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES (OTHER THAN THE SENIOR NTD NOTES) ...61 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NTD NOTES ....................................................................100 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES .............................................................129 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................163 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES (OTHER THAN SENIOR NTD NOTES) 
WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .................................................................................................................166 
ØRSTED A/S ..................................................................................................................................................172 
DESCRIPTION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .........................................................223 
ØRSTED WIND POWER TW HOLDING A/S ..............................................................................................225 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR NOTES (OTHER THAN SENIOR NTD NOTES) ....................232 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES .......................................................................245 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR SENIOR NOTES ......................................................................257 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES ......................................................270 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................282 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................285 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................292 
GLOSSARY OF SELECTED ENERGY AND OTHER TERMS...................................................................295

--- Page 12 ---
12 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). Words and expressions 
defined or used in the Senior Notes Conditions, the Senior NTD Notes Conditions or the Subordinated Notes 
Conditions below shall have the same meanings in this description, as applicable. 
Issuers: 
Ørsted A/S (“Ørsted”)  
 
Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S (“Ørsted Wind”) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the 
Issuers: 
Ørsted: W9NG6WMZIYEU8VEDOG48 
 
Ørsted Wind: 529900GP5ZYMYXKYNF09 
Website of the Issuers: 
https://orsted.com/  
Guarantors (Senior Notes only): 
Ørsted in the case of Senior NTD Notes issued by Ørsted Wind  
 
Ørsted Wind in the case of Senior Notes issued by Ørsted 
Website of the Guarantors (Senior 
Notes only): 
https://orsted.com/  
Description of the Programme: 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Size: 
€15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time, subject to increase by the Issuers as provided in the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
The Issuers may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Taiwanese Trustee: 
CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Taiwanese Paying Agent: 
CTBC Bank Co., Ltd.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes issued under the Programme may comprise:  
(i) 
senior notes (the “Senior Notes”) of Ørsted;  
(ii) 
senior Notes denominated in New Taiwan Dollar (the 
“Senior NTD Notes”) of either Ørsted or Ørsted Wind; 
and/or  
(iii) 
subordinated notes of Ørsted (the “Subordinated 
Notes”).  
Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) may be issued by Ørsted 
in any currency agreed between Ørsted and the Relevant 
Dealer(s). The Notes issued by Ørsted Wind may comprise only 
Senior Notes denominated in New Taiwan Dollar (being, the 
Senior NTD Notes). No Subordinated Notes will be issued in 
New Taiwan Dollar.  
Senior Notes issued by Ørsted shall be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by Ørsted Wind (the “Upstream 
Guarantee”) and Senior NTD Notes issued by Ørsted Wind shall 
be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Ørsted (the 
“Downstream Guarantee”). The Subordinated Notes will not 
be guaranteed. 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or a non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the relevant 
Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be). 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series having substantially the same terms and conditions. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. The Issue Price in respect of 
each issuance of Notes under the Programme will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be). 
Form of Notes: 
Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) may be issued in bearer 
form (“Bearer Notes”), in bearer form exchangeable for 
Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) or in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”). Each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be represented on

--- Page 14 ---
14 
issue by a temporary Global Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be 
made available to Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days 
after their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of 
more than one year and are being issued in compliance with the 
D Rules (as defined in “Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise 
such Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global Note. 
Registered Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) will be 
represented by Certificates, one Certificate being issued in 
respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes 
of one Series. Certificates representing Registered Notes that are 
registered in the name of a nominee for one or more clearing 
systems are referred to as “Global Certificates”. 
 
Senior NTD Notes will be issued in dematerialised, registered 
book-entry form. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes), such other 
clearing system as may be agreed between Ørsted, the Trustee 
and the Relevant Dealer(s). 
 
Senior NTD Notes will be settled through the book-entry system 
of the TDCC or such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the Relevant Issuer, the Taiwanese Trustee and the 
Relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of Notes (other than 
Senior NTD Notes): 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Notes (other than 
Senior NTD Notes), if the relevant Global Note is a NGN or the 
relevant Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Global 
Note or Global Certificate will be delivered to a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or 
before the issue date for each Tranche of Notes (other than Senior 
NTD Notes), if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or the relevant 
Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes or the 
Global Certificate representing Registered Notes may be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global Certificates 
may also be deposited with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method 
of such delivery has been agreed in advance by Ørsted, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Relevant 
Dealer(s). Registered Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) that 
are to be credited to one or more clearing systems on issue will 
be registered in the name of nominees or a common nominee for 
such clearing systems. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) may be issued 
by Ørsted in any currency agreed between Ørsted and the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Relevant Dealer(s). Notes issued by Ørsted Wind may only be 
denominated in New Taiwan Dollar. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes will have a minimum maturity of one year. 
 
No money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less 
than 12 months will be offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market under this Base Prospectus. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) save that in the case of any 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the EEA or the United Kingdom or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the EEA or the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the Notes). 
Fixed Rate Notes (Senior Notes only): 
In respect of Senior Notes only, fixed interest will be payable in 
arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be). 
Floating Rate Notes (Senior Notes 
only): 
In respect of Senior Notes only, Floating Rate Notes will bear 
interest at a rate determined separately for each Series: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and in respect of the 
Notes, as amended and supplemented up to and including 
the Issue Date for the first Tranche of the Notes (or as 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms (or the Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be)); or  
 
(b) by reference to EURIBOR, CIBOR, CMS London or CMS 
Brussels, as adjusted for any applicable margin. Interest 
periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be).  
 
Subordinated Reset Rate Notes 
(Subordinated Notes only):  
The Subordinated Notes are Subordinated Reset Rate Notes and 
will bear interest on their outstanding nominal amount as from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date, at the Initial Rate of Interest, 
each as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). Thereafter, this fixed 
rate of interest will be reset on the First Reset Date and each

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) 
by reference to a mid-market swap rate or benchmark gilt rate, 
as adjusted for any applicable margin and any applicable step-
up(s), in each case as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
If Floating Rate Notes or Subordinated Notes (as applicable) 
provide for a Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) to be 
determined by reference to a reference rate and a Benchmark 
Event in respect of such reference rate has occurred, then the 
Relevant Issuer (in respect of the Floating Rate Notes) or Ørsted 
(as Issuer, in respect of the Subordinated Notes) shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as 
defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Benchmark Discontinuation) 
of the Senior Notes Conditions or the Senior NTD Notes 
Conditions or Condition 4(g) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of 
the Subordinated Notes Conditions, as applicable) to determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate for use in 
place of the Original Reference Rate and to determine an 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and any Benchmark Amendments. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined 
under the Conditions will be notified promptly and in any event 
at least 10 business days prior to the next Interest Determination 
Date (in respect of Senior Notes) or the next Reset Interest 
Determination Date (in respect of Subordinated Notes) by the 
Relevant Issuer or Ørsted (as Issuer, in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes) to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with the relevant Conditions, 
the Noteholders. 
If the Relevant Issuer (in respect of the Floating Rate Notes) or 
Ørsted (as Issuer, in respect of the Subordinated Notes) is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable), then the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the Original Reference Rate for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period and the fallback provisions set out in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes) of the Senior Notes Conditions or the Senior NTD 
Notes Conditions or Condition 4(a) (Interest and other 
Calculations — General) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions, 
as 
applicable. 
See 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Senior Notes Conditions or the Senior 
NTD Notes Conditions or Condition 4(g) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions (as 
applicable) for further information.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Zero Coupon Notes (Senior Notes 
only): 
In respect of Senior Notes only, Zero Coupon Notes may be 
issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will not 
bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes (Senior Notes 
only): 
Some or all of the interest payable and/or the Redemption 
Amount payable at maturity is determined by the performance of 
the inflation index specified hereon. Inflation Linked Notes shall 
only be issued by Ørsted. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be). 
Redemption by Instalments (Senior 
Notes only): 
The relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be) issued in respect of each issue of Senior Notes 
that are redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the 
dates on which, and the amounts in which, such Senior Notes 
may be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption (Senior Notes 
only):  
The relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be) issued in respect of each issue of Senior Notes 
will state whether such Senior Notes may be redeemed (either in 
whole or in part) prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Relevant Issuer and/or the holders and, if so, the terms applicable 
to such redemption. See Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options) of the Senior Notes Conditions or the Senior NTD 
Notes Conditions.  
Optional Redemption (Subordinated 
Notes only):  
The relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be) issued in respect of each issue of Subordinated 
Notes will state whether such Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of Ørsted 
and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. See 
Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution, Variation, Purchase and 
Options) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions. 
Optional Interest Deferral 
(Subordinated Notes only): 
Ørsted may, elect in its sole discretion to defer (in whole or in 
part) any interest payment on the Subordinated Notes, subject to 
limited exceptions, as more particularly described in Condition 5 
(Optional Interest Deferral) of the Subordinated Notes 
Conditions. Non-payment of any interest so deferred shall not 
constitute a Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Default and 
Enforcement) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions) or a default 
or any other breach of obligations by Ørsted under the 
Subordinated Notes or for any other purpose. See Condition 5 
(Optional Interest Deferral) of the Subordinated Notes 
Conditions.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Status of the Senior Notes and 
Guarantees (Senior Notes only): 
The Senior Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Relevant Issuer and shall at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves, and each 
of the Downstream Guarantee and the Upstream Guarantee in 
respect of them will constitute an unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligation of the Relevant Guarantor all as described in 
Condition 3 (Guarantee and Status) of the Senior Notes 
Conditions or the Senior NTD Notes Conditions. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
(Subordinated Notes only):  
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of Ørsted and shall at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves. 
The rights and claims of the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
against Ørsted in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the 
Coupons shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by 
applicable legislation, rank (i) behind the claims of Senior 
Creditors, (ii) pari passu with the rights and claims of holders of 
Parity Securities and (iii) in priority only to the rights and claims 
of holders of all Issuer Shares (all as defined and described in 
Condition 3(b) (Subordination of the Subordinated Notes) of the 
Subordinated Notes Conditions). 
Negative Pledge (Senior Notes only): 
See Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Senior Notes 
Conditions or the Senior NTD Notes Conditions. 
Negative pledge (Subordinated 
Notes only):  
Subordinated Notes do not benefit from any negative pledge.  
Cross Default (Senior Notes only): 
See Condition 11(c) (Events of Default) of the Senior Notes 
Conditions or the Senior NTD Notes Conditions. 
Default (Subordinated Notes only):  
Subject to the application of Deferral of Interest Payments as set 
out in Condition 5(a) (Deferral of Interest Payments) of the 
Subordinated Notes Conditions, if Ørsted fails to pay interest on 
any of the Subordinated Notes when due (a “Default”), the 
Trustee at its discretion may, and if so instructed by Noteholders 
holding not less than one-fifth in nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall, subject in each case to it being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction, 
take such steps or actions or institute proceedings to obtain 
payment of the amounts due or take such steps or actions or 
institute proceedings in the Kingdom of Denmark (but not 
elsewhere) for the bankruptcy (konkurs) of Ørsted. On a 
bankruptcy of Ørsted, each Subordinated Note shall entitle the 
holder thereof to claim for an amount equal to the principal 
amount of such Subordinated Note plus all accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the then current Interest Period and 
Outstanding Payments, if any, subject to Condition 3 (Status and 
Subordination) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Further, and subject to the application of Deferral of Interest 
Payments as set out in Condition 5(a) (Deferral of Interest 
Payments) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions, the Trustee 
may at its discretion institute such steps, actions or proceedings 
against Ørsted as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, 
condition, undertaking or provision binding on Ørsted under the 
Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed (other than 
a Default, as described above), subject to the provisions of 
Condition 10(b) (Breach of Other Obligations) of the 
Subordinated Notes Conditions. 
No remedy against Ørsted other than those described above, or 
the proving or claiming in any liquidation, bankruptcy or 
dissolution of Ørsted, shall be available to the Trustee, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the 
Coupons or in respect of any breach by Ørsted of any other 
obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on it 
under the Subordinated Note, the Coupons or the Trust Deed, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 10(c) (Other Remedies and 
Rights of Noteholders) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions. 
Waiver of set-off (Subordinated Notes 
only):  
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder or Couponholder may 
exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or 
retention in respect of any amount owed to it by Ørsted in respect 
of, or arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes 
or the Coupons and each Noteholder and Couponholder shall, by 
virtue of their holding of any Subordinated Note or Coupon, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation 
or retention. 
Early Redemption (Senior Notes only): 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption (Senior Notes 
only)” above, Senior Notes will be redeemable at the option of 
the Relevant Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons and at 
the option of the Noteholders in certain defined circumstances 
for Senior Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) only. See 
Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) of the Senior 
Notes Conditions or the Senior NTD Notes Conditions. 
Early Redemption (Subordinated 
Notes only):  
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption (Subordinated 
Notes only)” above, Subordinated Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of Ørsted following the occurrence of a Tax Event or, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms (or relevant Pricing 
Supplement), following the occurrence of a Ratings Event, a Tax 
Event or an Accounting Event which has occurred and is 
continuing or, in the event that Subordinated Notes representing 
an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding the Minimum 
Percentage have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled by 
Ørsted. See Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution, Variation, 
Purchase and Options) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Substitution or Variation 
(Subordinated Notes only): 
In respect of Subordinated Notes only, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
and a Ratings Event, a Tax Event or an Accounting Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then Ørsted may, subject to 
Condition 10 (Default and Enforcement) (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders), and 
as provided for in Condition 6(g) (Substitution or Variation) of 
the Subordinated Notes Conditions, at any time either (i) 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for, 
or (ii) vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes with the effect 
that they remain or become, as the case may be, Qualifying 
Notes. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Kingdom of 
Denmark unless the withholding is required by law. In such 
event, the Relevant Issuer and, in respect of the Senior Notes 
only, the Relevant Guarantor shall, subject to customary 
exceptions, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received 
by it had no such withholding been required, all as described in 
Condition 9 (Taxation) of the Senior Notes Conditions or the 
Senior NTD Notes Conditions and Condition 8 (Taxation) of the 
Subordinated Notes Conditions. 
Governing Law: 
English law, save for, Clauses 6 (Subordination) and 21 (Trustee 
as representative) of the Amended and Restated Trust Deed, 
Clause 20 (Trustee as representative) of the Supplemental Trust 
Deed, and, in respect of the Subordinated Notes only, Condition 
3 (Status and Subordination) of the Subordinated Notes 
Conditions, which shall, in each case, be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of 
Denmark.  
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to admit Notes (other than Exempt 
Notes) issued under the Programme to the Official List and to 
admit them to trading on the Market. In the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Notes will not be listed and/or admitted to 
trading on the Market or any other regulated market within the 
EEA or the United Kingdom, and the relevant Pricing 
Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Notes will be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on an unregulated market. 
 
Information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding Exempt 
Notes shall not be deemed to form part of this Base Prospectus, 
and the CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
Notes. 
Ratings: 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be 
rated Baa1 by Moody’s, BBB by S&P and BBB+ by Fitch.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme are expected to 
be rated Baa3 by Moody’s, BB by S&P and BBB- by Fitch. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Ørsted has been rated Baa1 (Negative outlook) by Moody’s, 
BBB by S&P (Stable outlook), BBB+ by Fitch (Stable 
outlook) and twAA- (Stable outlook) by Taiwan Ratings; 
and 
 
Ørsted Wind has been rated twAA- (Stable outlook) by 
Taiwan Ratings. 
Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch are established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Taiwan Ratings is not 
established in the EEA and is not certified under the CRA 
Regulation and the rating it has given to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, it will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be). Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Relevant Issuer or the Notes already issued. 
According to the rating scale of Moody’s, obligations rated ‘Baa’ 
are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit 
risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. 
Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic 
rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 
indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic 
rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; 
and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that 
generic rating category. 
See: 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-
Definitions/002002 
According to the rating scale of S&P:  
 
an obligation rated ‘BBB’ exhibits adequate protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the 
obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligations; and  
 
an obligations rated ‘BB’ is less vulnerable to non-payment 
than other speculative issues. However, it faces major 
ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, 
financial, or economic conditions that could lead to the 
obligor’s inadequate capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation; and  
 
an obligor rated ‘BBB’ has adequate capacity to meet its 
financial commitments. However, adverse economic

--- Page 22 ---
22 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to 
weaken the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitments. 
The ratings from ‘AA’ to ‘CCC’ may be modified by the addition 
of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the rating 
categories. 
See: 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-
/view/sourceId/504352 
According to the rating scale of Fitch, ‘BBB’ ratings indicate that 
expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but 
adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to 
impair this capacity.  
The modifier plus or minus may be appended to a rating to denote 
relative status within major rating categories. 
See: https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions 
According to the rating scale of Taiwan Rating, an obligor rated 
‘twAA’ differs from the highest rated obligors (twAAA) only to 
a small degree and has very strong capacity to meet its financial 
commitments relative to other Taiwanese obligors. Ratings from 
‘twAA’ to ‘twCCC’ may be modified by the addition of a plus or 
minus sign to show relative standing within the rating categories. 
See: 
https://www.taiwanratings.com/portal/front/publication/ratingD
efinitions  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EU but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under 
the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EU, but which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation. 
ESMA 
is 
obliged 
to 
maintain 
on 
its 
website, 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk, a list of credit rating agencies registered and 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The ESMA 
website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form 
part of, this Base Prospectus. This list must be updated within 
five working days of ESMA’s adoption of any decision to 
withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA 
Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the 
status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a

--- Page 23 ---
23 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning agency.  
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA (including 
Belgium, Denmark and the Republic of Italy), Japan, 
Switzerland, Singapore and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with a particular issue. See “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
The Notes (except for Registered Notes) will be issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms (or the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) state that Notes 
are issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury Regulations 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are issued 
other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration-required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms (or 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
RISK FACTORS  
Each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind believes that the following factors may adversely affect the Relevant Issuer’s 
operations or financial condition and cause harm to the Relevant Issuer’s reputation and thereby affect its 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur. 
Factors which each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with the Notes are also described below. 
Each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in the Notes. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind that are not 
currently known to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind, or that Ørsted and Ørsted Wind currently deem immaterial, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business activities, results of operations, 
financial condition and cash flows of Ørsted or Ørsted Wind and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the 
Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Prospective investors should also 
read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated 
by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
In each sub-section below, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind have arranged the risks with the most material risks first, 
in its assessment, considering the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the possibility of their 
occurrence.  
1) Factors that may affect the Relevant Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations with respect to 
the Notes  
(a) 
Risks relating to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s business activities 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are dependent on their relationships with key suppliers and supply chains 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind depend upon services and products provided by key suppliers outside of the Group. 
The loss of a key supplier, whether caused by factors such as difficulties of a financial nature leading to cessation 
of business activities, bilateral disputes or other, or by external factors such as natural disasters or political 
intervention impacting production capability and contracted delivery schedules, could result in delayed 
revenues, economic losses or cost increases for Ørsted and Ørsted Wind, could cause reputational damage or 
result in interruptions in services at Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s facilities. For example, Ørsted relies on its long-
standing collaboration with key suppliers in connection with the supply of foundations, cables, turbines, 
substations, transformers and sea installation services, among others, for the construction and operations of its 
offshore and onshore renewables power projects. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind encounter risks with the supply chains’ ability to provide and increase capacity, and 
the limited number of suppliers with right capabilities. Potential bottlenecks and/or delays can occur in all parts 
of the supply chain including wind turbines, foundations, cables, substations, transformers and installations 
vessels. Ørsted encounters risks with new and less developend supply chains within the ares of Power-to-X 
(“P2X”) and carbon capture and storage (“CCS”). Disruptions in the supply chain can potentially result in 
project delays and economic losses. 
In addition, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind may face a significant increase in costs should it be forced to renegotiate 
an agreement with a supplier or be required to switch to a new supplier due to financial difficulties or other 
reasons which prevent a supplier from fulfilling its obligations under a supply contract. The effects of this 
situation on Ørsted and Ørsted Wind could be exacerbated if the supplier in question was particularly strategic, 
or if there was a high concentration of orders with a specific supplier. In some cases, Ørsted has previously and

--- Page 25 ---
25 
may also in the future decide to provide financial support to key suppliers in financial distress to ensure that the 
supply of critical products or services for a construction project is not disrupted. Consequently, Ørsted is 
potentially exposed to the risk of having to enforce security or absorb financial losses in connection with such 
credit exposure. Moreover, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind do not have direct control over the quality of materials 
supplied by their suppliers and are exposed to risks relating to the quality and availability of such products. 
Any loss of such a supplier or inability of such supplier to fulfil its obligations to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind, due 
to bankruptcy, financial weakness, or other reasons, could have a consequential negative impact on the 
reputation, business prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Ørsted and Ørsted 
Wind. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are dependent on the ability to divest ownership interest in renewable energy 
projects   
Divesting owner-shares and onboarding joint-venture partners is a key element in the planned funding of Ørsted 
and Ørsted Wind’s future growth and reaching the stragic ambitions relating to installed capacity and asset 
portfolio diversification. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are faced with the risk of not extracting the value anticipated 
in the business case or from not being able to divest a certain asset as otherwise planned, or delays in carrying 
out a divestment. Futhermore, there are a number of risks embedded in divestment of owner shares in assets 
which could materialise in the form of delays whether caused by regulatory and contrual restrictions, execution 
risk which could ulitmately increase the risk of failing to complete the divestment. A lack of potential buyers 
due to adverse marcoeconomic conditions, increased number of renewable assets put up for sale and an investor 
perception of higher business risk within renewables could for an extended period of time make it challanging 
to execute the strategic divestment plans thereby affecting Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s capabilities of raising 
capital for new green energy projects and adversely affecting the value creation from farm downs. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind typically maintain an 50 per cent. ownership of their projects but further farm down of 
ownershare is also a strategic option that may be persued. 
The inabilty to execute any planned farm downs could have a consequential negative impact on the reputation, 
business prospects, revenues, results of operations and financial condition of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind face risks related to regulation, licensing, financial support terms and 
favourable tax treatment 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind have obtained the right to receive fixed or inflation regulated tariffs, renewables 
certificates, beneficial power purchase and/or other types of subsidies for a fixed period on power produced 
from most of their renewable assets. The development and profitability of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s renewable 
energy projects, including any future projects, rely largely on financial support for the respective technologies 
in each jurisdiction where Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s projects are based. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are subject to certain regulatory and political risks relating to any initiative aimed at 
changing or cancelling existing subsidies, price mechanisms, licenses or terms of delivery, among other 
initiatives already granted to, or made available for, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s projects in operation or under 
construction which will, or may, lead to negative financial impacts on projects (such as an increase in expenses 
and lower profit margins triggering possible write-downs). In addition, an important foundation upon which 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind base their long-term investment decisions is the availability of financial support and/or 
favourable tax treatment, and any changes to the availability or terms of the expected financial support or tax 
treatment may cause Ørsted and Ørsted Wind not to take a final investment decision (“FID”) on a project, not 
bid for a project or even abandon a development project pursuant to which expenses have already occurred and 
with further potential cancellation fees.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Furthermore, in the United States specifically, Ørsted is exposed to the risk of not obtaining or being able to 
utilise Federal Tax Credits (the Production Tax Credits (“PTC”) or Investment Tax Credits (“ITC”)), which are 
important in achieving expected project returns on investments. Ørsted is exposed to the risk of not qualifying 
for the expected level of PTC or ITC including the Domestic Content and Energy Community Bonus Credits 
to the ITC and PTC, under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “Inflation Reduction Act”). Ørsted aims 
to monetise tax credits by raising third party tax equity financing or by transfers of the tax credits. An 
increasingly constrained market for traditional tax equity monetisation could affect the ability to efficiently 
monetise the tax credits and hereby create an economically negative impact on the related projects and Ørsted. 
In relation to the development of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s project pipeline, project development in general 
contains risks relating to obtaining required consents, grid connections, land acquisitions, approvals, permits, 
local content commitments and licenses needed to ensure project progress. For the offshore segment these risks 
are significantly lower in tender regimes such as in Denmark and the Netherlands, as compared to auction 
regimes such as the UK and new markets such as the United States, Taiwan, South Korea and Japan. The 
regulatory risk in the United States specifically is higher due to participation in auction before having consents 
and/or grid connection secured. A materialisation of any of these risks may impact Ørsted’s ability to develop 
the target capacity for participation in the auctions and tenders or mature them for a FID in general. The risks 
may materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s operations or financial condition and cause harm 
to their respective reputations. 
If the governments in the jurisdictions in which Ørsted and Ørsted Wind operate, or plans to operate, were to 
decrease or abandon their support for renewable power production, projects could become less profitable than 
anticipated or cease to be economically viable. In addition, in the future governments could offer fewer project 
rights for renewable power generation projects or offer fewer tenders (for example, to secure project rights and 
subsidies) or auctions (for example, to secure subsidies for projects where project rights have already been 
secured). Such an outcome could lead to a modification or reduction in Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s development 
plans and adjustments or the downscale of their operations. 
Furthermore, in Europe specifically, Ørsted is exposed to changes in the European electricity market design 
and/or the adoption of temporary or permanent revenue caps imposed by the European Union. Uncertainties 
around market designs create an ongoing regulatory risk regarding market price development and the value of 
Ørsted’s current and future pipeline. 
These risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s operations or financial condition and 
cause harm to its reputation. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind face competition 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s businesses are subject to a number of risks, including risks relating to increasing 
competition across their technology platforms. Specifically, the Group is facing increasing competition in the 
market when bidding both for new projects within capacity auctions, and for the acquisition/allocation of seabed 
leases in both auction and tender processes. 
For awarded projects, the Group is, to an increasing degree, facing competition for the procurement and 
sourcing of key components and contracts required for the construction of its projects at competitive prices 
(which includes the sourcing of turbines, foundations, cables, machinery and equipment and vessels with 
adequate capacity). In addition, the Group faces a continual rapid pace of technological development in the 
wind power and solar PV industries and an increasing degree of complexity in offshore wind projects due to 
increased water depths and distances to shores, which could affect its ability to compete efficiently and/or the 
profitability of its projects.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
As the offshore industry has become more mature and increasingly global, competition has increased with new 
market players entering. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind expect a diversified competitive landscape going forward 
relating to attracting new renewables projects for development and construction, including oil majors, utilities, 
industrial groups, institutional investors and regional developers. In offshore wind, the competitive auction and 
tender mechanics being implemented across the various regions and markets globally are also becoming more 
diversified. While the mature European markets regulators increasingly look to include non-price criteria to 
encourage other factors, such as innovation and system integration (for example, storage and renewable 
hydrogen) to play an important role in auctions and tenders, less developed markets in Europe, North America 
and the Asia Pacific (“APAC”) often emphasise lower price, and local content provisions such as job creation 
as determination criteria. Another important factor, particularly regarding entering new markets, is Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind’s ability to compete with other international players or local consortiums and to attract local 
partners that are well positioned to successfully assist in pursuing local project awards. For offshore wind, this 
necessitates a flexible approach to remain competitive across the different markets and implies the need to retain 
a strong supplier engagement and be cost-efficient. 
Ørsted, and to some degree Ørsted Wind, are also exposed to competition risks on the sales side, where the 
market for CPPAs is developing rapidly, and the risk of not being able to attract CPPA partners and not being 
able to obtain a CPPA power price at budgeted or competitive levels. 
There is a risk that Ørsted and Ørsted Wind will not win the targeted capacity in the auctions and tenders in 
which they participate, or that their value creation from the projects they win end up being lower than targeted. 
Any events related to these competitive risks may have a material and adverse effect on operations or financial 
condition and cause harm to their respective reputations. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks related to weather conditions and shifts in climate 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind derive a significant portion of their revenue from wind power operations. Fluctuations 
in wind conditions may result in fluctuations in the profitability derived from their wind farms, since revenue 
from wind power sales depends on wind conditions, while the related expenses generally do not. Additionally, 
some construction agreements and operating and maintenance (“O&M”) agreements are dependent on wind 
conditions as they contain certain variable compensation components based on the performance of their wind 
farms. Fluctuations in wind conditions could reduce the potential earnings under these agreements if, as a result 
of such wind condition fluctuations, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind fail to achieve certain performance metrics. If any 
risks relating to the prediction of long-term wind conditions, natural wind fluctuations, meteorological 
correlations or man-made obstructions materialise, they could cause a material adverse effect on Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind’s business, results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 
The average wind speed can vary from year to year due to natural fluctuations which will impact Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind’s earnings and cash flows derived from the Group’s wind assets. Internal studies carried out by 
the Group of the short-term uncertainty of the operational portfolio shows that the P501 production varies by 
up to 20 per cent. from one year to another. 
Risk related to predictions of long-term wind and solar conditions 
During the development phase and prior to taking a FID to construct an offshore or onshore wind farm, Ørsted 
carries out studies to predict long-term wind conditions, and in the case of a solar project, site specific solar 
resource data is used to forecast electric energy production. However, Ørsted cannot guarantee the accuracy of 
its predictions of long-term wind or solar conditions of any renewable power generation asset. Long-term 
predictions are subject to uncertainties due to, among other things, the placement of wind measuring equipment, 
the amount of data available, the extrapolation and forecasting methods used to estimate wind speeds and 
 
1 
P50 means that there is at least a 50 per cent. probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the best estimates.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
differences in atmospheric conditions and errors in meteorological measurements. Moreover, climate change 
may make Ørsted’s long-term predictions incorrect. If actual long-term wind or solar conditions of any 
renewable power generation asset do not correspond to the predictions, by way of negative variance, this could 
lead to bids or investment decisions being based on inaccurate predictions and result in the production of lower 
power volumes from that renewable asset than anticipated. 
In the case of wind conditions, even if the actual conditions at a wind farm site are consistent with Ørsted’s 
long-term predictions, wind conditions may over a period of time substantially deviate from the observed long-
term average due to natural wind fluctuations. If the wind conditions at, for example, an offshore wind farm 
site are materially below the average levels expected for a particular period, the generation of wind power from 
that offshore wind farm during the period could correspondingly be materially lower than expected. 
Risks related to meteorological correlations 
Currently, the majority of Ørsted’s offshore wind farms are located in Northern Europe, where the weather and 
therefore the wind speeds are highly correlated between wind farms. Hence, if the wind speeds in Northern 
Europe are low, it can cause a negative effect on the production derived from Ørsted’s entire European wind 
portfolio. 
Northern European and Scandinavian power prices are normally negatively correlated to the development of 
temperatures, wind content, gas storage and precipitation volumes in Norway and Sweden, and the same relation 
exists for heat demand in Denmark: the higher the temperature, wind speeds or precipitation the lower the power 
price. This is also applicable to Ørsted’s onshore wind and solar projects in the United States, which are 
concentrated in the mid-western region of the country, and to Ørsted’s onshore wind projects in Europe, which 
are concentrated in Ireland, Germany and France. Ørsted’s earnings forecast reflects the forward market in the 
short term and a normal year in the mid-to long term development. For these reasons, Ørsted may experience 
lower than expected power generation as it is not possible to accurately predict the meteorological conditions 
in the regions in which it operates, and if these meteorological and weather conditions negatively fluctuate or 
are lower than expected, the Group’s results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
Risk related to man-made obstructions 
Wind conditions at any wind farm site may also be adversely affected by man-made obstructions constructed 
in the vicinity of a wind farm, including other wind farms or, at sea, oil and gas platforms. While Ørsted 
normally seeks to take such factors into account in its FIDs, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind may not know of any 
potential future wind farms or other man-made obstructions to be constructed in the vicinity of the relevant 
wind farm and thus cannot guarantee that none will be constructed following its FID. In addition, if Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind construct a new wind farm that negatively affects the wind flow, and therefore the power 
production of an existing wind farm constructed in the same area in which Ørsted and Ørsted Wind have 
partners, the Group may be required under the terms of certain of its partnership agreements to compensate its 
partners for such loss. 
These and related factors may consequently materially and adversely affect Ørsted and/or Ørsted Wind’s 
operations or financial condition and may cause harm to their respective reputations. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to technical and operational risks 
Ørsted is exposed to risks in connection with disruptions to its operational facilities such as wind and solar 
power, storage assets, as well as thermal power plants, while Ørsted Wind is only exposed to risk in connection 
with disruption to its operational wind power assets. Such disruptions may be caused by technical breakdowns 
or system malfunctions, including serial defects, in equipment and machinery, including transformers, turbines, 
solar production facilities, foundations, substations, cables or transmission or distribution grid outages, limited 
or no access to spare parts, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, labour disputes, ill-intentioned acts or

--- Page 29 ---
29 
other accidents or incidents. Such disruptions could result in shutdowns, delays or long-term decommissioning 
in production and transportation of energy. 
Additionally, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks related to the availability of power transmission and 
natural gas and heat infrastructure, hub platforms and distribution infrastructure, which is generally owned by 
third parties in order to meet contractual supply obligations or for the transportation of the power and heat 
produced. In relation to transmission of offshore wind power production, Ørsted is not compensated for loss of 
generation in the UK, United States and Taiwan and only partly compensated for such losses in the Netherlands 
and Germany. If an export cable or transmission outage occurs, including main transformers, it may cause 
generation losses for part of a wind farm or an entire wind farm for up to six months or more. 
These and related factors may consequently lead to lower-than-forecasted availabilities and production across 
Ørsted’s portfolios and could materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s operations or financial 
condition and cause harm to their respective reputations. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to construction and project completion risks 
With awards of offshore projects in Taiwan, the United States and Poland as well as the acquisitions in the 
United States and Europe of both producing and development onshore wind and solar projects, Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind have managed to establish new positions in these markets, which will involve major investments 
in renewable production capacity over the coming years. The investments in and construction of large renewable 
energy projects in these markets increase Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s risk regarding the completion of 
construction projects in addition to the construction risk relating to projects in existing European markets. Risks 
relating to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s construction activities include: 
 
Local content requirements vary from country to country (and state to state in the United States) and are 
relevant both when submitting bids for new projects and during the construction phase, where the lack 
of availability of locally manufactured components, facilities and qualified local staff will impact 
whether Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are successful in delivering the project on time and within budget. 
Furthermore, local legislation, such as the Jones Act in the United States regulates maritime commerce 
in United States waters and between United States ports and stipulates that transport of United States 
origin goods between a United States harbour and an anchored vessel or installed foundation in federal 
waters can only be performed by United States built, owned, flagged, and crewed vessels, can complicate 
both the construction and operational phases of projects; 
 
Cultural and other differences in regional markets including the process of obtaining public licenses and 
consents, safety standards and the ability to recruit the necessary competent staff; and 
 
As part of the expansion of, in particular, the offshore wind industry to new markets, Ørsted is 
encountering risks related to the production of components and higher costs due to an undeveloped local 
supply chain and supporting infrastructure. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s investments in offshore wind projects are each a multi-billion Danish Kroner 
investments that are technically complex and physically large in nature. The projects are being built far out at 
sea and may encounter unforeseen challenges and obstacles, which may cause delays and result in time and 
cost overruns. Furthermore, offshore construction works involve risks related to adverse weather conditions, 
suppliers or sub-suppliers not fulfilling their contractual obligations, lack of availability of essential supplies 
such as machinery and equipment, general supply chain disruptions availability of and delays in installation 
and transit vessels and delays in the grid connection provided by transmission system operators. Additionally, 
risks related to the supply chain issue may become even more material considering the global markets are 
currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty, volatility and disruption following Russia’s full-scale 
invasion of Ukraine, which has led to additional sanctions imposed by the United States, the European Union

--- Page 30 ---
30 
and other countries, as well as the subsequently increased renewable energy source ambitions across Europe. 
For a more detailed description of the impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on Ørsted’s business, see Risk 
Factor “Adverse macroeconomic and business conditions may negatively affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects”. 
In some cases, Ørsted’s projects have completion deadlines under the subsidy-award or regulatory framework, 
and failure to meet these deadlines may in certain cases result in penalties, partial or full loss of subsidies, grid 
connections or project rights. Ørsted also enters into turnkey project supply or construction contracts with its 
own project companies in which a joint-venture partner has already been onboarded. In some cases, Ørsted 
enters into these contracts with external third parties, where Ørsted has assumed the risk of constructing a 
project on time and within a set-out budget, where cost overruns will not, or will only partly, be compensated 
or where failure to meet deadlines could result in compensatory payments. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind make significant long-term capital expenditures and commitments based on forecasts 
on multiple investment assumptions, including but not limited to capital expenditure and operating expenditure, 
market prices, subsidy levels, production volumes, currency exchange rates and interest rates which may turn 
out to be wrong. In the event of any material deviations from such estimates Ørsted and Ørsted Wind may not 
earn the expected return on related projects or may decide not to proceed with the construction and completion 
of an investment project where project rights and licenses have been awarded in which case costs relating to 
the development of such projects will be expensed. 
These and related factors may consequently materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s 
operations or financial condition and cause harm to their respective reputations. 
Ørsted is exposed to risks related to its wholesale gas business 
As of February 2023, Ørsted has terminated its long-term gas purchase contract with Gazprom Export LLC 
(“Gazprom Export”), which was entered into in 2006. Gazprom Export halted its gas supplies on 1 June 2022, 
and Ørsted has not received gas from Gazprom Export since. The termination marks the end of Ørsted’s 
contractual relations with Gazprom Export. The termination of this gas purchase contract and the announcement 
by Dansk Undergrounds Consortium (“DUC”) partners of the further delay of the Tyra gas field redevelopment 
project in the Danish North Sea, means that Ørsted will need to meet its gas demands and contractual gas 
wholesale supply obligations from other sources in the Western European market. To secure sourcing of gas, 
Ørsted has entered into an agreement with Equinor for the supply of Norwegian gas to Denmark via Baltic Pipe 
during the period from 1 January 2023 to 1 April 2024. However, no assurance can be given in respect of Ørsted 
being able to cover all of its gas supply needs and obligations from alternative sources. This and other adverse 
effects from such gas supply cut-off could have a material adverse and direct impact on Ørsted’s natural gas 
wholesale business activities. 
Ørsted’s wholesale natural gas business activity has traditionally by its nature been a low-risk, stable margin 
business, where the main financial exposure relates to the price at which Ørsted purchases natural gas, where 
the margin is normally locked-in by hedging, including forward selling. As Ørsted’s Danish thermal power 
plants are also, to some extent, fuelled by natural gas, disruption to the natural gas supplies may also affect the 
thermal based power production in Denmark. In 2023, natural gas made up less than 6 per cent. of the fuels 
used in Ørsted’s thermal heat and power production in Denmark. In case of an emergency situation in the 
European gas markets (for example, where gas supplies cannot meet aggregate gas demands) Ørsted will, like 
other gas suppliers, need to follow any regulation or directive from the Danish, EU or other relevant authorities 
relating to price caps, collateral requirements or the cut-off or reduction of transmission, distribution and/or 
supply of gas to certain regions or wholesale and retail customers segments. These and other related factors 
may consequently materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s business, financial conditions, results of operations 
and prospects and may ultimately cause harm to Ørsted’s reputation.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
(b) 
Risks relating to development in market prices and financial market risks  
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to currency exchange, interest rate and inflation risk 
The Group’s medium to long-term earnings can to some extent be expected to follow the development in 
consumer and market prices, thereby protecting the real value of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s assets and equity. 
However, Ørsted, and Ørsted Wind in relation to Taiwan, are exposed to interest rate and inflation risk from the 
fixed nominal subsidies generated by the portfolio of wind assets in Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands and 
fixed-price power purchase agreements (“PPAs”) for assets in the United States and Taiwan. An increase in 
interest rates or inflation will erode the expected present value in nominal and/or real terms of the revenue 
generated under these financial regimes or agreements. In general, increasing interest rates will indirectly erode 
the net present value of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s projects as the discount rates used for determining the value 
will increase as well. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are also exposed to interest rate and/or inflation risk relating to 
significant time spans between tendering for and being awarded new offshore wind projects and time of 
construction, capital employment (including financing) and possible farm down of the projects. These 
exposures are to some extent hedged by the fixed nominal payment obligations relating to Ørsted and Ørsted 
Wind’s fixed rate debt obligations including pre-hedges of future debt, but such hedging may not be effective 
to mitigate all, or even a portion, of this risk. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind conduct a significant portion of their operational, investment and financial activities, 
including debt obligations, cash position and bond investments, in currencies other than the Danish Kroner and 
are therefore exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates relative to the Danish Kroner and the Taiwanese 
Dollar for Ørsted Wind. Ørsted’s main currency exposure stems from offshore wind farms located in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”), which particularly exposes Ørsted to possible adverse exchange rate effects against Pound 
Sterling (“GBP”), in addition to interest and inflation rates. Increasing activities in Taiwan and the United States 
have also increased exposure towards the currencies, interest and inflation rates of these two countries. 
Furthermore, Ørsted will also be susceptible to other risk exposures and developments in connection with 
currencies, interest and inflation rates of new countries where Ørsted establishes business activities including 
investing in renewable production assets. 
Ørsted’s net long GBP exposure is significant and mainly stems from the sale of power and Receivables 
Obligation Certificates (“ROCs”), Contract for Differences (“CfD”) and divestments of offshore transmission 
assets reduced by local currency operating and construction expenditures in the UK. Within Ørsted’s hedging 
horizon of five years (1 January 2024 – 31 December 2028), the recorded net exposure after hedging towards 
GBP totalled Danish Krone (“DKK”) 11.6 billion as of 31 December 2023. Furthermore, Ørsted has significant 
amounts of net GBP receivables after the five-year hedge horizon, which is only partly hedged through Ørsted’s 
GBP-denominated debt obligations and related swaps. 
Within the five-year currency hedge horizon (1 January 2024 – 31 December 2028), Ørsted has a net long 
currency exposure in USD before hedging. Due to a combination of hedges being further rolled out in time and 
large changes to the USD exposures following the decision not to build Ocean Wind 1 and 2, Ørsted has hedged 
more than the current exposure in its hedge horizon. The net exposure after hedging towards USD totalled DKK 
-4.8 billion as of 31 December 2023.  
Within the five-year currency hedge horizon, Ørsted has a long NTD exposure from revenue generated by the 
Taiwanese Greater Changhua projects, net of capital expenditures (“CAPEX”) on the projects. In certain 
markets, like the NTD market in Taiwan, where the market for financial derivatives is illiquid beyond the short 
term or virtually non-existing beyond maturities of one-two years, Ørsted may only to a limited extent, or not 
at all, be able to hedge its currency exposure to the extent desired or required by general internal policies. Within 
Ørsted’s hedging horizon of five years (1 January 2024 – 31 December 2028), recorded net exposure after 
hedging towards NTD totalled DKK 3.2 billion as of 31 December 2023.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Ørsted’s EUR exposure is subject to continuous assessment but is normally not hedged beyond Ørsted’s EUR-
denominated interest-bearing debt obligations including bonds and hybrid capital as Ørsted deems it unlikely 
for Denmark to abandon its fixed exchange rate policy towards the Euro. However, any alteration to the Danish 
fixed exchange rate policy regime in the future, including an adjustment of the current pegged central rate or 
fluctuation band rate to Euro, or a break-up of the Euro currency cooperation may negatively impact Ørsted’s 
economic exposure to the Euro. 
A materialisation of any of these risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s operations 
or financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s reputation. 
The Group is exposed to financing, liquidity and rating risks 
Ørsted has announced growth plans with total gross investments of approximately DKK 270 billion expected 
to be made between 2024 and 2030, part of which will be debt financed. At the same time, Ørsted has maturing 
interest-bearing senior bank and bond debt (until 2030) corresponding to DKK 34.8 billion as of 31 December 
2023 including DKK 2.4 billion of NTD denominated bonds in Taiwan, which it anticipates will need to be 
refinanced. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s ability to secure financing through the banks and the capital markets, or 
from strategic and planned farm downs of power producing wind farms and solar assets (see Risk Factor 
“Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are dependent on the ability to divest ownership interest in renewable energy projects 
(through partnerships)”), may be materially adversely affected by, among other factors, increasing uncertainty 
related to global macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and interest rate fluctuations or a global 
financial crisis, or a crisis or recession affecting a specific geographic region, industry, economic sector or 
investor segments, or by potential downgrades of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s credit ratings. For these or other 
reasons, the cost of financing may be significantly increased or, if financing or divestment opportunities proves 
to be unavailable even at unattractive terms, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind may not be able to raise the liquidity 
required to finance its business activities, which could limit or prevent Ørsted and Ørsted Wind in executing 
their investment plans and strategies, or repaying and refinancing their maturing debt, which could trigger an 
event of default. 
Ørsted believes that it has a conservative policy of maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves and generally has 
large holdings of liquid assets and committed credit facilities in place. However, the Group could be exposed 
to liquidity and refinancing risk in situations where unforeseen events could result in abnormal cash outflows 
over a short period of time. The Group was exposed to such events in 2022, particularly in the third quarter of 
2022, arising from unprecedented spikes in European energy prices, where substantial amounts of cash 
collateral and margins had to be posted relating to the energy and financial risk hedging programme in place. 
In extreme cases, cash collateral requirements could potentially exceed the size of the Group’s liquidity reserve, 
where it might not be possible at short notice to access sufficient additional liquidity or credits from the banking 
market, capital markets or other sources to meet the requirements. Such events could be driven by, for example, 
significant volatility and change in the market price of power or gas, interest rates, the exchange rate of the 
main currencies that Ørsted and Ørsted Wind operates in or otherwise, triggering significant outflow of cash 
relating to, for example, posing of cash collateral to cover negative market value on Ørsted’s significant hedge 
programme, power purchases relating to Ørsted’s daily power balancing activities or otherwise. The resulting 
lack of liquidity could trigger a rating downgrade and, ultimately, cause Ørsted and Ørsted Wind to become 
unable to pay their respective debts and other obligations as they become due. 
On 29 August 2023, Ørsted announced anticipated impairments on its United States portfolio and in relation to 
the publication of the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2023 a total of DKK 25.5 billion was recognised on the United States offshore projects. In relation to this 
process, in September 2023 Moody’s changed its outlook for Ørsted’s rating from stable to negative. On 13 
February 2024, Moody’s affirmed Ørsted’s Baa1 rating and maintained the outlook at negative. In November 
2023, Fitch changed its outlook for Ørsted’s rating from stable to negative. On 20 February 2024, Fitch revised

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Ørsted’s outlook to stable and reaffirmed the rating at BBB+. On 7 February 2024, S&P downgraded Ørsted to 
BBB with stable outlook. Adverse changes to Ørsted’s financial condition could lead to a further downward 
revision of the assigned credit ratings by Ørsted’s rating agencies. Downgrades of credit ratings could limit 
Ørsted’s ability to access the capital markets and other forms of financing or refinancing, and/or increase the 
costs related thereto, and materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s operations or financial condition, including 
its ability to implement investment plans and strategies, as envisaged or at all, and Ørsted’s willingness or ability 
to leave individual transactions outstanding. Furthermore, such rating risks materialising could potentially 
trigger credit support provisions, or impact Ørsted’s partnership model, the ability to use Ørsted’s parent rating 
for operational activities and other engagements with Ørsted’s suppliers. 
Furthermore, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating 
agencies, including changes related to (i) the equity content of individual outstanding hybrid capital securities 
and the ability of structures to obtain a certain level of equity credit, (ii) application of rating uplift for 
government support, where Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s ratings are currently supported by the Danish State being 
its majority shareholder, (iii) assessment of criteria for business risk and financial risk, (iv) liquidity reserve 
calculations, and (v) consolidation principles and adjustment practices to key credit metrics applied by the rating 
agencies. Any changes of such methodologies and practices that would result in an adverse effect on Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind’s ratings may materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s operations or financial 
condition, the willingness or ability to leave individual transactions outstanding and adversely affect Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind’s financing costs, capital market reputation and market access. 
If any of these risks materialise, they may materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s operations 
or financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s reputation. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to market risks related to energy commodity prices and production 
variability 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to fluctuations in, and the correlation between, the prices of power, natural 
gas, steel, certificates for the emission of carbon dioxide, ROCs in the UK, biomass and other fuels and additives 
utilised in relation to Ørsted’s energy production. 
Ørsted’s energy hedging framework ensures safeguarding of short-term (current and coming calendar year) 
financial performance, together with managing the second order effects of such hedges on for example, 
liquidity, accounting and key financial ratios, while deploying a value driven approach to hedging activities in 
the medium to long-term. For a description of Ørsted’s risk management policies, please refer to “Ørsted A/S – 
Risk Management of the Group”. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s power price risk is mainly related to sales on market terms of wind and solar based 
power generation including physical power acquired from partners on Ørsted’s assets under long-term PPAs. 
Part of Ørsted’s power price risk relates to the daily power balancing activities, where power price exposure 
arises from deviations between the 1-day ahead hour-by-hour prognosis of wind generated power and the actual 
generated power, where the difference needs to be sold or purchased, as the case may be, and cleared in the 
power spot market from day to day. Ørsted also undertakes power balancing activities as a service on behalf of 
joint-venture partners on Ørsted’s offshore wind farms and for external parties.  
As of 31 December 2023, the recorded 3-year (1 January 2024 – 31 December 2026) net exposure towards the 
power prices after hedges amounted to DKK 14.2 billion. Ørsted has significant exposure to power prices post 
the 3-year hedge horizon.  
Ørsted’s gas and oil price risk stems from natural gas sourced on long-term contracts on gas and oil indexed 
prices, and sale of gas at fixed prices. As of 31 December 2023, the recorded 3-year (1 January 2024 – 31 
December 2026) net exposure after hedges from gas and oil amounts to DKK 0.0 billion.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
The Group is exposed to risks in relation to its hedging and trading activities, which mainly cover hedging of 
energy commodity prices and associated currency exchange rate fluctuations. This includes situations where 
hedges may be based on expected high correlations between different types of energy commodities, proves not 
to be efficient or where hedges suffer from illiquidity or inefficiencies in the relevant markets, or where hedges 
are based on assumptions about future prices, indices and supply or production volumes which may be wrong. 
The risks related to hedging and trading activities can cause inefficient commodity and currency hedges 
including over hedging. 
Furthermore, the Group is also exposed to intermittency risk related to wind and solar power production defined 
as the difference between the realised volume weighted average price (achieved by a given technology at a 
specific geographical location) compared to the (unweighted) baseload price over a given period. 
One example of such inefficiencies and uncertainties is in relation to power price hedges, where the hedges are 
normally settled against average monthly or yearly power prices, but where in power markets with significant 
shares of wind energy as for example, Germany, the correlation between wind power production and the day-
ahead power price is negative, i.e. high shares of wind power production has a downward pressure on the power 
price. Hence an additional risk when hedging its wind power price is to estimate how much lower the average 
monthly power price achieved by the wind parks is compared to the average power price normally used for 
hedging purposes. 
In relation to Ørsted’s gas sourcing and supply activities, Ørsted may also be exposed to suppliers not fulfilling 
their supply obligations under existing contracts, potentially creating a situation where Ørsted will need to meet 
its own needs or contractual gas supply obligations towards its customers from other sources at different and 
potentially loss giving terms.  
In certain illiquid price areas in the United States, where Ørsted has producing onshore wind farms and/or solar 
photovoltaic (“PV”) plants, it may only be possible to hedge power price exposure to a limited extent or not at 
all, and any PPAs entered into to hedge such power price risks are in some cases proxy hedges with significant 
basis risk, where the reference price on the PPA does not correspond to the power price at Ørsted’s delivery 
points. 
Furthermore, if Ørsted’s risk management systems, policies and procedures do not adequately capture the risk 
exposure from these activities or if the IT systems, including valuation and pricing models, and contingency 
procedures that support these activities break down or are inadequate, Ørsted may be further exposed to risks 
from its trading activities. 
A materialisation of any of these risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s operations 
or financial condition and cause harm to the Group’s reputation. 
Adverse macroeconomic and business conditions may negatively affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects  
The international macroeconomic situation is currently characterised as uncertain, mainly due to the elevated 
levels of public debt in many of the leading global economies, interest rate volatility and cost inflation, the war 
in Ukraine, imposition of sanctions against Russia, tension around the Taiwan Strait, growing tensions around 
the Israel and Hamas conflict, the upcoming United States elections in 2024, the European energy crisis, supply-
chain constraints, shipping security risks around the Red Sea and bank closures. These macroeconomic 
conditions have had – and continuation or further worsening of these conditions will continue to have – material 
adverse effects on the financial and capital markets and could have material adverse effects on Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind, their business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. 
The war in Ukraine continues to represent a source of high uncertainty that may have a material adverse impact 
on Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s present and future business activities, financial conditions and results of operation.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
The war and certain sanctions imposed against Russia and Russian legal entities have caused and may continue 
to cause for a considerable period, a distortion of the global energy markets and supply chains leading to sharp 
rises in energy and metals prices, among other factors. More generally, the war has had and will likely continue 
to have, an adverse effect on the global and regional economies, the energy and financial markets and business 
prospects. In the event the war develops in manners that give rise to conflicts or tensions on a more global or 
pan-European scale, this would exacerbate such risks even further which could have material adverse impact 
on Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s business, financial conditions and results of operation. 
Additionally, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind have undertaken significant investments and capital commitments in 
Taiwan relating to its construction and ownership of the Greater Changhua 1 (in which the Group holds a 50 
per cent. ownership interest), 2 and 4 projects, and its 35 per cent. ownership interest in the Formosa 1 project. 
These assets may be adversely affected by the increasing geopolitical tension in the geographic region and the 
risk of direct conflict in the Taiwan Strait and South China Sea. Any material adverse development in or 
escalation of these geopolitical tensions and any resulting uncertainty may cause a material adverse impact on 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s present and future operations in Taiwan, including impacts to the cost or construction 
progress of the projects, financial results, results of operation or value of the assets. 
These and related factors may consequently materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s business, 
financial conditions, results of operations and prospects and may cause further harm to the Group’s reputation.  
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to counterparty credit risks 
The Group is dependent on the creditworthiness of its suppliers, partners, customers, debtors and counterparties 
in relation to its trading activities, bilateral sales of energy commodities and placement of liquidity reserve in 
banks and securities, as well as other counterparties, and is exposed to risks relating to counterparties fulfilling 
all obligations and/or collateral requirements. In the event of failure by a counterparty to comply with 
contractual obligations, there is a risk that Ørsted and Ørsted Wind may need to cover physical energy shortfalls 
at higher market prices or to replace a component or service supplier to construction projects, which could lead 
to significant cost increases and project completion delays. 
Furthermore, the Group is exposed to risks related to the failure of having adequate credit risk management 
systems and procedures in place, including risks of inaccurate assumptions related to exposure calculations and 
the legal positions of the Group and its respective counterparties.  
Mainly for the purpose of reducing its risk towards fluctuating power prices, the Group is participating actively 
in the evolving market for corporate power purchase agreements (“CPPAs”) and has entered into long-term 
fixed price power sales agreements linked to the power production from specific onshore and offshore wind 
farms. Such CPPAs can include long-term agreements with a duration of more than fifteen years. As some of 
these agreements are large in volume of power sold and have a long duration, they may represent significant 
market value to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind in case the contracted sales prices are higher than the relevant market 
price for power on which Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to the risk of the counterparty not fulfilling its 
obligations through default or other reason and in case a CPPA cannot be replaced at similar terms in the market. 
As part of Ørsted’s divestment of its oil and gas exploration and production licenses, including the divestment 
of the upstream Oil & Gas business to INEOS UK E&P Holdings Ltd (“INEOS”), Ørsted has assumed 
secondary liabilities relating to the decommissioning of offshore facilities in Denmark and Norway. In the UK, 
a potential decommissioning liability follows from the regulation. The terms of Ørsted’s liabilities are different 
depending on which country it relates to. For further details on Ørsted’s divestment of its Oil & Gas business, 
please see the note 3.6 in the Annual Report 2017. Ørsted is exposed to risks relating to the creditworthiness 
and ability of the buyers and any guarantor, to which Ørsted may have recourse, to meet any and all costs 
relating to the decommissioning of these offshore facilities.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
These counterparty risks including any secondary liability materialising may materially and adversely affect 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s reputation. 
(c) 
Regulatory, tax, IT and other risks  
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to cyber security risks 
The Danish National Centre for Cyber Security has assessed the risk of cyber-attacks, cyber espionage and 
cyber-crime aimed at the energy sector to be at the top of their defined scale. Thus, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are 
exposed to cyber-crime and cyber risks including breakdown in their administrative and production systems 
potentially affecting power production, business critical supplies of data and core business objectives for wind 
farms and power plants. Such risks may be triggered by cyber-attacks orchestrated by government supported 
attackers, organised crime or hacktivists as well as insider threats and accidents. For example, Russian military 
actions in Ukraine and the resulting sanctions led to alleged Russian counter measures or retaliatory actions, 
including cyber-attacks and espionage breakdowns could potentially shut down or destroy generation assets 
such as an offshore wind farm or a power plant. These risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted and/or 
Ørsted Wind’s financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted’s reputation. 
Ørsted assesses cybersecurity risk by the protection level of its systems and processes, mapping threat actors, 
their intentions and capabilities, and what the financial impact on Ørsted and Ørsted Wind would be. In recent 
years, several major cyber-attacks have been launched against companies around the world, and Ørsted has 
observed an increase in ransomware attacks through supply chains having the primary goal to extort sensitive 
or critical data and financial gain through ransom payment. Infrastructure companies, such as Ørsted, are 
frequently targeted in cyber-attacks, as a global major in the renewable energy industry, Ørsted is exposed to 
several different cyber-attack threats, including ransomware attacks, data exfiltration attacks, espionage and 
cyber-physical impact attacks, among others, along with other digital risk events, such as malware and 
attempted break-ins through social engineering. As an operator of essential services, the Group endeavours to 
be compliant with increased regulatory demands. Regulators are highly focused on requirements towards 
cybersecurity as showcased in the EU by the Network and Information Security Directive. To reduce the risk 
of fines and judgments or even loss of license to operate, the Group shall show governance around all 
cybersecurity and risk management activities, and be in control of the supply chain risks and the risks exported 
to society. If any of these risks materialise, they may materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s 
operations and financial condition, and cause harm to their respective reputations. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind may fail to attract and retain key personnel 
Any limitations on Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s ability to recruit and retain a skilled and experienced management 
team and operating staff may affect their capability to implement business strategies successfully. In particular, 
Ørsted relies on certain key employees who have specific experience, education, technical know-how and skills 
in respect of technology development and power generation. In an increasingly competitive environment, there 
is an increased risk of losing staff to competitors, who may be willing and able to pay higher salaries or offer 
more competitive benefits, and Ørsted may be unable to train or recruit and retain personnel with comparable 
qualifications, experience and expertise, or the skills required in order to deliver its business objectives. The 
failure to attract and retain key personnel with qualified managerial, technical or marketing expertise could 
affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s ability to successfully execute their business plans and have a negative impact 
on business prospects, reputation, results of operations and financial position. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to judgements relating to, and changes in, tax and accounting 
laws, standards and practices 
As a result of conducting business around the world, the Group may be exposed to tax and transfer pricing 
disputes with tax authorities. In response to such tax risks, the Group has established contingency provisions in 
accordance with the applicable accounting rules. The Group applies the methods prescribed in the IAS 12 and

--- Page 37 ---
37 
IFRIC 23 (Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments) when making provisions for uncertain tax positions. These 
provisions are based on different scenarios of possible outcomes and statistical risks of suffering economic or 
legal double taxation. The Group considers the provisions it has made to be adequate. However, the actual 
obligations depend on the result of any legal proceedings or settlements with the relevant tax authorities and 
may therefore deviate significantly from the provisions made. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to adverse changes in tax and customs legislation, rules and regulations, 
its application or manner of enforcement, including by way of elimination or reduction in tax or levy exemptions 
or introduction of new taxes such as global or local minimum taxation rules (for example, implementation of 
OECD Pillar Two Model Rules or United States CAMT) in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Further, the 
Group is exposed to regulatory measures, including revenue caps and windfall taxes, introduced in the European 
Union and the UK.  
Additionally, the Group is exposed to changes in or interpretation of accounting principles and to the risk of 
asset impairment if interest rates, estimated nominal decommissioning costs or other assumptions applied in 
impairment tests change adversely including a decline in forecasted cash flows. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind have 
costs relating to the decommissioning of its operating offshore wind farms and other assets such as power plants 
and infrastructure assets at the time of abandonment of each asset. As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s total 
provisions relating to decommissioning obligations amounted DKK 13.0 billion.  
If any of these risks materialise, they may materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s financial 
condition and results of operations, and may cause harm to their respective reputations. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to pandemic risks 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to local, regional, national or international outbreaks of a contagious 
disease, including, but not limited to, COVID-19, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, H1N1 influenza virus, 
African swine fever, avian flu or any other similar illness, or fear of any of the foregoing, which could adversely 
impact operations by causing delay in project construction or repair and maintenance works. This could be 
caused by a shutdown of parts of the Group’s own organisations or by closure of third-party supplier and 
manufacturer facilities resulting in Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s suppliers or sub-suppliers not fulfilling their 
contractual obligations, general supply chain disruptions, project development delays and disruptions, local 
labour shortages or travel disruption and temporary shutdowns (including as a result of government regulation 
and prevention measures). The effects of a contagious disease can also affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind indirectly 
through a reduction in the consumption of electricity due to lower activity in its markets. This could have a 
material adverse effect on Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s reputation, operational results and/or financial condition. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to the risks related to not being insured against all potential losses 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are not insured against all potential losses, being partly self-insured, including political 
risks and business interruption as well as losses related to pollution liability and pollution clean-up obligations 
restricted by insurance coverage currently partly available on the commercial market. Such potential losses are 
applicable during both operations and for construction projects. Consequently, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind could 
be seriously harmed by accidents, operational catastrophes or external attacks, and this may materially and 
adversely affect operations or financial condition and cause harm to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s reputation. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks related to litigation and arbitration proceedings 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks related to litigation and arbitration proceedings which Ørsted 
and/or Ørsted Wind is/are or may in the future become involved in and the Group will remain exposed to such 
liability in the future. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind has also been, are, and will continue to be subject to competition 
and other regulatory investigations and decisions by EU, Danish and other national competition authorities and 
energy regulatory authorities (for example, for alleged abuse of a dominant position or for the alleged

--- Page 38 ---
38 
application of excessive high tariffs), and this may materially and adversely affect Ørsted’s operations or 
financial condition and cause harm to its reputation. For further details on material litigation currently affecting 
the Group please refer to “Ørsted A/S – Legal Proceedings”.  
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks regarding sustainability and environmental hazards 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind operate within the energy-sector and are exposed to general public and political opinion 
on sustainability. In relation to Ørsted’s power plants, forest-based biomass and non-forest biomass as an energy 
source play a significant role in reducing carbon emissions. However, only sustainable biomass can deliver 
carbon savings, while other types of biomasses may lead to increased emissions. As a result, the use of biomass 
is subject to high levels of scrutiny in Denmark, Europe and the United States where environmental non-
governmental organisations and biomass sceptical academia lead the debate. To promote sustainable utilisation 
of forest-based biomass as well as non-forest biomass for energy purposes, the European Union adopted a recast 
Renewable Energy Directive (Directive (EU) 2018/2001) introducing sustainability criteria for biomass. This 
directive has been implemented in Danish law with stricter sustainability and green-house-gas-emission criteria 
than the directive. Ørsted’s biomass utilisation shall comply fully with the criteria in Danish law and the forest 
biomass is aimed to be 100 per cent. certified sustainable according to the most recognised certification schemes 
for forest biomass. 
Ørsted operates power plants and oil and gas transmission facilities transporting oil and gas from third party 
production facilities in the North Sea and through to the Danish mainland by which it is exposed to the risks of 
causing significant harm to the natural or human environment. These risks include accidents, external attacks, 
injuries, oil spills or discharges or other pollution of water, air, or soil, electromagnetic fields and the use and 
handling of hazardous or toxic chemicals and other materials in or near Ørsted’s production facilities and 
infrastructure assets where Ørsted could face economic consequences in the form of penalties, compensation 
payments and obligations to take remedial measures to restore the environment, among others. 
If these risks materialise, they may materially and adversely affect Ørsted and/or Ørsted Wind’s financial 
condition and cause harm to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s reputation.   
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks regarding new and existing tender law 
Construction projects are of significant size and entail significant purchase orders relating to turbines, 
transformers, blades, cables, foundations and services among other things. In relation to such purchases, Ørsted 
and Ørsted Wind are to a large extent subject to EU and local tender regulation. In general, tender regulation is 
difficult to apply due to, among other things the imprecise nature of the regulation, the rapid evolving case law 
and the different national interpretations of the regulation creating difficulties for tenders involving several 
countries. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind face the risk of potential legal sanctions in the event of non-compliance 
incidents which may include the suspension of an ongoing tender procedure, annulment of an awarded contract, 
order for legalisation of the tender procedure or claims for damages. If no tender procedure has been conducted, 
the concluded contract may be considered null and void. Consequently, a non-compliance incident may also 
result in the postponement of an investment project, which could have a material adverse effect on Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind’s reputation, operational results or financial condition. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind operate in various countries and regions, each of which has its own political, 
legislative, economic and social framework where changes may have an adverse impact. 
The Group operates renewable energy facilities in Europe, North America and APAC. Changes in the political, 
legislative, economic or social framework in any of these countries may have a negative impact on the Group’s 
business, results of operations or financial conditions, if such changes led to, for example: (i) the lack of a stable 
legislative framework and uncertainties regarding the protection of rights of foreign workers in the event of 
breaches of contract by government entities or other private parties; (ii) punitive application of laws or unilateral 
changes to contracts that result in the reduction in value of Ørsted or Ørsted Wind’s assets; (iii) increases in

--- Page 39 ---
39 
taxation on the Group’s operations; (iv) complex authorisation processes that impact the time-to-market of 
development projects; (v) such countries diverging with or delaying climate change targets, consequentially 
reducing their investments in renewable energy infrastructure; (vi) unilateral changes in the incentive systems 
which the Group benefits from that result in the reduction in value of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind assets; (vii) 
outright expropriation or confiscation of power producing assets; or (viii) if Ørsted and Ørsted Wind were to be 
forced to abandon or to sell its assets due to a military conflict, the application of international sanctions or 
other. 
Any of these developments could cause delays or cancelations or abandonment of strategic projects, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the competitiveness, business, operations or financial condition of 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to compliance risks subject to a broad range of financial 
regulations 
The level and type of financial regulation risks varies within the Group’s activities. The main risks across the 
Group are non-compliance with the EU Regulation on Wholesale Energy Market Integrity and Transparency 
(which includes disclosure obligations, market abuse prohibitions and reporting obligations), the European 
Market Infrastructure Regulation and MiFID II as implemented in national law. The Group is also affected by 
the EU Market Abuse Regulation, the EU Securities Financing Transactions Regulation and the EU Directive 
on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing 
as implemented in national law and equivalent regulations appliable in European countries outside the European 
Union. For activities outside Europe, similar regulations may apply. These include the United States Dodd-
Frank Act. Non-compliance with financial regulation may result in severe legal sanctions, such as imprisonment 
for involved employees, significant fines or damage claims. Non-compliance may also result in Ørsted, Ørsted 
Wind or a subsidiary becoming subject to a financial regulator’s license requirements which may involve setting 
up special purpose entities subject to material capital requirements and implementation of burdensome internal 
procedures and IT requirements. These risks may materially and adversely affect Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s 
financial condition and cause harm to their respective reputations. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are subject to risks related to ethical misconduct or breaches of applicable laws 
by employees, suppliers, agents or other third parties 
The Group has implemented compliance policies and procedures with respect to applicable anti-corruption, 
anti-money laundering and sanctions laws. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks from the unintentional 
breach of such laws by its employees, suppliers, sub-suppliers, energy customers, agents, joint venture partners 
or other third parties involved in the Group’s projects or activities, including situations where trading with such 
suppliers and energy customers becomes subject to sanctions or if conducted under exemption from sanctions 
laws, that such exemptions are suddenly withdrawn. Any incidents of non-compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations, including anti-corruption, bribery, sanctions, anti-money laundering or other applicable laws, by 
the employees, suppliers, sub-suppliers, energy customers, agents, joint-venture partners or other third parties, 
may cause Ørsted, or a subsidiary to be subject to significant fines, prevent the Group from participating in 
certain projects or may lead to other consequences, including, but not limited to, the termination of existing 
contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s reputation, business, cash 
flows, results of operations and/or financial condition.  
In respect of sanctions laws and regulation, the Group has or may have commercial dealings with 
corporations/persons that are based in countries subject to international sanctions, including Russia. 
Historically, Ørsted’s activities in these jurisdictions have been limited principally to the sourcing of natural gas 
as part of its wholesale natural gas business in the North European gas markets, which also includes Ørsted’s 
own demand in connection with its power production at its central thermal heat and power plants located in

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Denmark. The Group seeks to comply fully with international sanctions to the extent they are applicable to 
Ørsted and the Group. However, in doing so, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind may be restricted in supplying energy 
products or services sourced from certain countries to relevant jurisdictions or, by the nationality of the 
personnel that it involves in these activities. New sanctions or changes in existing sanctions could further restrict 
or entirely prevent Ørsted and Ørsted Wind from doing business in, or from having commercial dealings with, 
certain jurisdictions, including Russia, which may have an adverse effect on Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s business, 
revenue, profits or financial condition. 
Risks related to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s financing agreements 
Ørsted, Ørsted Wind and subsidiaries within the Group make use of credit facilities, bank loans and the 
issuances of bonds and hybrid capital, mainly for corporate financing operations, including in order to finance 
the development, construction and ownership of projects. The documentation governing Ørsted’s credit 
facilities and other financing agreements typically contains covenants that must be complied with by Ørsted or 
relevant subsidiaries as borrower or in some cases as guarantor. These include non-financial covenants, such as 
change of control, rating triggers, negative pledge provisions relating to limitations on the pledging of assets, 
limitations on mergers and acquisitions, among others. Failure to comply with any covenants contained in any 
financing or credit agreement could, unless a prior waiver is obtained or amendment made, trigger mandatory 
prepayment of debt or constitute an event of default thereunder. Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s future ability to 
comply with loan covenants and other conditions, make scheduled payments of principal and interest, or 
refinance existing borrowings depends on future business performance that is subject to economic, financial, 
competitive and other factors. The foregoing could have a negative impact on the business prospects, revenues, 
results of operations and financial condition of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind and have a consequential adverse impact 
on the market value of the Notes or on the ability to fulfil obligations under the Notes. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind may face increasing scrutiny related to Environmental, Social and Governance 
Businesses across all industries are facing increasing levels of scrutiny from stakeholders related to their 
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) practices. If the Group does not adapt to or comply with 
investor, stakeholder or market expectations and standards, which are evolving, or if the Group is perceived to 
have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal 
requirement to do so, it may suffer from reputational damage and its business and financial condition could be 
materially and adversely affected. Increasing attention to climate change, biodiversity loss, human rights issues, 
and ethical business conduct, including the increasing societal expectations on businesses to address these 
topics, may result in increased costs, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation, and negative 
impacts on the Group’s ability to access capital markets. 
While Ørsted engages in a range of voluntary initiatives (such as its “Green Finance Framework”, emissions 
reduction targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative, or disclosures aligned with the Taskforce on 
Nature-related Financial Disclosures) to improve its ESG performance or to respond to stakeholder 
expectations, such initiatives may not always achieve the desired effect. Expectations around Ørsted’s 
management of ESG matters continues to evolve rapidly, in many instances due to factors that are out of the 
Group’s control. If the Group fails to, or are perceived to fail to, comply with or advance certain ESG initiatives 
(including the timeline and manner in which initiatives are completed), it may be subject to various adverse 
impacts, including reputational damage, allegations of “greenwashing” and potential stakeholder engagement 
and/or litigation, even if such initiatives are currently voluntary. 
In addition to the voluntary initiatives, various legislative developments related to ESG are emerging globally. 
In particular, the European Commission’s EU Green Deal (“Green Deal”) is a comprehensive and ambitious 
set of policy initiatives. The Green Deal encompasses a wide range of measures across different policy areas to 
address climate change, environmental degradation, and social challenges. Examples of these measures are

--- Page 41 ---
41 
climate policies (such as the EU Climate Law and the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism), disclosure 
requirements (such as the EU taxonomy for sustainable activities, the Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation, and the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive), and due diligence obligations (through the 
Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive). The rapidly evolving legislative landscape poses challenges 
for companies related to navigating the complex regulations, meeting the data and reporting requirements, and 
integrating necessary managements systems for the due diligence process. If Ørsted does not comply with these 
regulations, the Group might face various risks, including legal consequences, financial penalties, and 
reputational damage. Additionally, non-compliance may hinder the Group’s ability to attract investment and 
partnerships, as ESG considerations become increasingly important for investment decisions. 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind are exposed to risks related to decisions made by Ørsted majority shareholder, 
the Kingdom of Denmark 
As the majority shareholder of Ørsted, the Kingdom of Denmark may control or otherwise influence important 
actions taken by Ørsted, such as decisions requiring a simple majority of the share capital and voting rights 
represented at general shareholders’ meetings, including appointing Ørsted’s directors and on distribution of 
dividends, where such decisions may have the potential to adversely affect Ørsted’s future prospects, present 
business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. Depending on the extent to which other 
shareholders are present or represented at Ørsted’s general meetings, the Kingdom of Denmark may also be 
able to control decisions requiring a qualified majority of the votes, such as amendments to Ørsted’s Articles of 
Association. Conversely, if the Kingdom of Denmark ceases to be the majority shareholder, this might trigger 
new requirements in respect of certain of Ørsted’s consents, permits and licenses, may require a renegotiation 
of certain of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s loan documents, have other effects due to a change-of-control event, or 
have an adverse effect on Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s credit ratings. This may materially and adversely affect 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind’s operations or financial condition and cause harm to their respective reputations. 
2) Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme 
a) Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Ørsted’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The Subordinated Notes will be subordinated obligations of Ørsted and the Subordinated Notes will rank pari 
passu with each other in a winding-up of Ørsted. Upon the occurrence of any winding-up of Ørsted, payments 
on the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all creditors 
of Ørsted, except for payments in respect of any Parity Securities or Issuer Shares. The obligations of Ørsted 
under the Subordinated Notes are intended to be senior only to its obligations to the holders of the ordinary 
shares and any other shares of any class of Ørsted (if any) ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu 
with the ordinary shares in the capital of Ørsted.  
Noteholders are advised that unsubordinated liabilities of Ørsted may also arise out of events that are not 
reflected in the financial statements of Ørsted, including, without limitation, the issuance of guarantees on an 
unsubordinated basis. Claims made under such guarantees will become unsubordinated liabilities of Ørsted 
which, in a winding-up of Ørsted, will need to be paid in full before the obligations under the Subordinated 
Notes may be satisfied.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Although subordinated debt securities may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable debt securities which 
are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in subordinated securities such as the Subordinated 
Notes will lose all or some of their investment should Ørsted become insolvent. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder or Couponholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by Ørsted in respect of, or arising under or in 
connection with the Subordinated Notes and, by virtue of their holding of any Subordinated Note, shall be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention. 
The Subordinated Notes may be long-dated securities  
The Subordinated Notes will mature on the applicable Maturity Date. Ørsted is under no obligation to redeem 
or repurchase the Subordinated Notes prior to such date, although it may elect to do so in certain circumstances. 
Noteholders have no right to call for the redemption of the Subordinated Notes and the Subordinated Notes will 
only become due and payable in certain circumstances relating and limited to payment default and a liquidation 
of Ørsted (see Condition 10 (Default and Enforcement) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions). Noteholders 
should therefore be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks associated with an investment in 
long-term securities. 
Ørsted may redeem the Subordinated Notes under certain circumstances 
If Make-whole Redemption is specified as applicable, Ørsted may redeem all or, if so provided, some only of 
a Series of Subordinated Notes on any date prior to the First Call Date (as defined in the Subordinated Notes 
Conditions) at a Make-whole Redemption Amount (as defined in the Subordinated Notes Conditions). In 
addition, if Call Option is specified as applicable, Ørsted may, redeem all but not some only of a Series of 
Subordinated Notes on any date during the period commencing on (and including) the First Call Date (as 
specified in the Subordinated Notes Conditions) to (and including) the First Reset Date or on any date in the 90 
day period ending on (and including) any Interest Payment Date thereafter at their principal amount (together 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date and any Outstanding Payments 
(each term as defined in the Subordinated Notes Conditions)).  
Ørsted may also redeem Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, (i) at their Early Redemption Amount 
(together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any Outstanding Payments) 
where such redemption occurs before the relevant First Call Date and (ii) at their principal amount (together 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any Outstanding Payments) where 
such redemption occurs on or after the relevant First Call Date, in each case, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
as set out in Condition 6(b)(i)(b) only of the Subordinated Notes Conditions, an Accounting Event or a Ratings 
Event as described in the Subordinated Notes Conditions. Further, if an ‘additional amounts’ Tax Event occurs 
as set out in Condition 6(b)(i)(a) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions, Ørsted may redeem Subordinated Notes, 
in whole but not in part, at their principal amount (together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption and any Outstanding Payments). Further, if Clean-up Call Option is specified as 
applicable, in the event that Subordinated Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding the 
Minimum Percentage (as defined in the Subordinated Notes Conditions) have been purchased or redeemed and 
cancelled by Ørsted, Ørsted may redeem all but not some only of the remaining Subordinated Notes in that 
Series at their principal amount (together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption and any Outstanding Payments), as described in the Subordinated Notes Conditions.   
The existence of these early redemption options could limit the market value of such Subordinated Notes. 
During any period where there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood that Ørsted may elect to 
redeem Subordinated Notes, the market value of those Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Ørsted may be expected to redeem Subordinated Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Subordinated Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
With respect to the Clean-up Call Option, there is no obligation on Ørsted to inform investors if and when the 
Minimum Percentage of a particular Series of Subordinated Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, 
and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in 
respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option by Ørsted the Subordinated Notes may have been trading 
significantly above the redemption price, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Ørsted’s intention regarding redemption and repurchase of the Subordinated Notes 
Whilst Ørsted has expressed its intention (without thereby assuming any legal or contractual obligation 
whatsoever) that it will only redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes subject to a replacement of the equity 
credit which Ørsted was assigned to at the relevant issue date with new equity credit which Ørsted or any 
subsidiary of Ørsted has received subject to certain exceptions (please see pages 161 – 162 of this Base 
Prospectus for further information), there can be no assurance that Ørsted will follow through with this intention 
when the time comes. 
Ørsted has the right to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes  
Ørsted may, at its discretion, elect to defer (in whole or in part) any payment of interest on the Subordinated 
Notes. Any such deferral of interest payment shall not constitute a Default (as defined in the Subordinated Notes 
Conditions) or default or any other breach of obligations for any purpose by Ørsted. Any interest in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes the payment of which is deferred will, so long as the same remains outstanding, 
constitute Outstanding Payments (as defined in the Subordinated Notes Conditions). Outstanding Payments will 
be payable as outlined in Conditions 5(b) (Optional Settlement of Outstanding Payments) and 5(c) (Mandatory 
Settlement of Outstanding Payments) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions. Any Deferred Payment will likely 
have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest 
deferral provision of the Subordinated Notes, the market price of the Subordinated Notes may be more volatile 
than the market prices of other debt securities on which original issue discount or interest accrues that are not 
subject to such deferral and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in Ørsted’s financial condition.  
Holders of Subordinated Notes will lose their rights to Outstanding Payments on the relevant Maturity 
Date 
If not redeemed or purchased and cancelled or substituted earlier, the Subordinated Notes will be redeemed on 
the relevant Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the relevant Maturity Date. Any Outstanding 
Payments will automatically be cancelled on the relevant Maturity Date. Consequently, if the Subordinated 
Notes are not redeemed until the relevant Maturity Date, Noteholders will lose all rights and claims in respect 
of Outstanding Payments at that date.  
The interest rate on the Subordinated Notes will reset on the First Reset Date and on every Subsequent 
Reset Date thereafter, which can be expected to affect the interest payment on the Subordinated Notes 
and the market value of such Subordinated Notes 
Although the Subordinated Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate until the First Reset Date, the current market 
interest rate on the capital markets (the “market interest rate”) typically changes on a daily basis. Since the 
initial fixed rate of interest for the Subordinated Notes will be reset on the First Reset Date (and thereafter will 
be subject to a reset on every Reset Date as set out in the Subordinated Notes Conditions), the interest payment

--- Page 44 ---
44 
on the Subordinated Notes will also change and could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest. Noteholders 
should be aware that movements in these market interest rates can adversely affect the price of the Subordinated 
Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell the Subordinated Notes. Noteholders are exposed 
to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income as the reset rates could affect the 
market value of an investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
Holders of Subordinated Notes are exposed to risks relating to the reset of interest rates linked to a mid-
market swap rate or benchmark gilt rate 
Subordinated Notes will, from and including the relevant First Reset Date and for each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter (if any) to but excluding the relevant Maturity Date (or the date on which the Issuer redeems a Series 
in whole pursuant to the Subordinated Notes Conditions), bear interest at a rate which will be determined on 
each Interest Determination Date by reference to a mid-market swap rate (the “mid-market swap rate”) or a 
benchmark gilt rate (the “benchmark gilt rate”) as described in Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations) 
of the Subordinated Notes Conditions for the relevant Reset Period plus the relevant Margin plus (if specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Step-Up Rate(s).  
Potential investors should be aware that the performance of the relevant mid-market swap rate or benchmark 
gilt rate and the interest income on the Subordinated Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, potential investors are not able to determine a definite yield of the Subordinated Notes at the time they 
purchase them, therefore their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer 
fixed interest periods. In addition, Noteholders are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline which means that they may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest 
rates then prevailing. Potential investors in the Subordinated Notes should also bear in mind that neither the 
current nor the historical level of the relevant mid-market swap rate or benchmark gilt rate is an indication of 
the future development of such mid-market swap rate or benchmark gilt rate during the term of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Furthermore, during each Reset Period, it cannot be ruled out that the price of the Subordinated Notes may fall 
because of changes in the market interest rate, as the market interest rate fluctuates. During each of these 
periods, the Noteholders are exposed to the risks as described under “The interest rate on the Subordinated 
Notes will reset on the First Reset Date and on every Subsequent Reset Date thereafter, which can be expected 
to affect the interest payment on the Subordinated Notes and the market value of such Subordinated Notes”. 
Default and Limited Remedies under the Subordinated Notes 
The only remedy against Ørsted available to the Trustee or (where the Trustee has failed to proceed against 
Ørsted as provided in the Subordinated Notes Conditions) any Noteholders for recovery of amounts which have 
become due in respect of the Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings for bankruptcy of Ørsted 
and/or proving in such bankruptcy and/or claiming in the liquidation of Ørsted and as further set out in 
Condition 10 of the Subordinated Notes Conditions. 
Substitution and Variation of the Subordinated Notes without the consent of Noteholders 
If Substitution and Variation is specified as applicable, and a Ratings Event, a Tax Event or an Accounting Event 
has occurred and is continuing, then, subject to the provisions of Conditions 6(g) (Substitution or Variation) 
and 6(h) (Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Substitution and Variation) of the Subordinated Notes 
Conditions, Ørsted may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the relevant Noteholders or 
Couponholders) at any time, instead of giving notice to redeem the Subordinated Notes, substitute all, but not 
some only, of the Subordinated Notes for, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that the Subordinated 
Notes remain or become, as the case may be, Qualifying Notes. Whilst Qualifying Notes are required to have 
terms not otherwise materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, there

--- Page 45 ---
45 
can be no assurance that the variation to Qualifying Notes will not have a significant adverse impact on the 
price of, and/or market for, the Subordinated Notes or the circumstances of relevant individual Noteholders. 
For example, it is possible that the Qualifying Notes will contain conditions that are contrary to the investment 
criteria of certain investors and the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding the Qualifying Notes could be 
different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the 
Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or variation.   
The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Subordinated Notes 
as equity instruments may change, which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event. 
In June 2018, the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) published the discussion paper 
DP/2018/1 on “Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity” (the “DP/2018/1 Paper”) and various 
public meetings were held to discuss the proposals contained therein. The Financial Instruments with 
Characteristics of Equity project was recently moved to standard setting.  
In November 2023, the IASB issued an exposure draft on the proposed amendments proposed by the DP/2018/1 
Paper. Whilst the proposals set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper would not, in their current form, result in any changes 
to the current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) as equity 
instruments, such exposure draft is, however, subject to receipt of comments by 29 March 2024. If alternative 
changes are proposed and implemented, the current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments 
(such as the Subordinated Notes) as equity instruments may change in the future and this may result in the 
occurrence of an “Accounting Event” (as described in the Subordinated Notes Conditions). In such an event, 
Ørsted may have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes pursuant to the 
Subordinated Notes Conditions or substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for, or vary the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes with the effect that they remain or become, as the case may be, Qualifying 
Notes (as defined in the Subordinated Notes Conditions).  
The implementation of any of the proposals set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar such proposals 
that may be made in the future, including the extent and timing of any such implementation, if at all, is still 
uncertain. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the future classification of the Subordinated Notes from 
an accounting perspective or whether any such change may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event, 
thereby providing Ørsted with the option to redeem or substitute or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to the Subordinated Notes Conditions. The occurrence of an Accounting Event may result in 
Noteholders receiving a lower than expected yield. 
The redemption of the Subordinated Notes by Ørsted or the perception that Ørsted will exercise its optional 
redemption right might negatively affect the market value of the Subordinated Notes. During any period when 
Ørsted may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value of the Subordinated Notes generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
Changes in rating methodologies may lead to the early redemption of the Subordinated Notes 
Any rating agency from whom Ørsted is assigned a Solicited Rating (as defined in the Subordinated Notes 
Conditions) may change, amend or clarify its rating methodology or may apply a different set of criteria after 
the Issue Date in respect of a Series of Notes (due to changes in the rating previously assigned to the Issuer or 
to any other reasons), and as a result the Subordinated Notes may no longer be eligible (or if the Subordinated 
Notes have been partially or fully re-financed since the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for equity credit 
in part or in full as a result, the Subordinated Notes would no longer have been eligible as a result of such 
amendment, clarification, change in criteria or change in the interpretation had they not been re-financed) for 
the same or a higher amount of “equity credit” attributable to the Subordinated Notes at the date of their issue, 
in which case the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the Subordinated Notes, as provided in Condition 
6(e) (Redemption for a Ratings Event) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions. The relevant redemption amount

--- Page 46 ---
46 
may be less than the then current market value of the Subordinated Notes which would impact the return 
Noteholders would receive from investing in the Subordinated Notes. 
No limitation on issuing senior or pari passu securities 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities which Ørsted may issue, guarantee or incur 
and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue of any such securities or the 
incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Noteholders on a 
winding-up of Ørsted and/or may increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest payments under the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Noteholders have no voting rights in general meetings  
The Subordinated Notes are non-voting with respect to general meetings of Ørsted. Consequently, the 
Noteholders cannot influence, inter alia, any decisions by Ørsted to defer payments of Coupons or to optionally 
settle Outstanding Payments or any other decisions by Ørsted’s shareholders concerning the capital structure of 
Ørsted. 
Senior Notes subject to optional early redemption by the Relevant Issuer 
The relevant Final Terms (or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) for a particular issue of Notes 
may provide for early redemption at the option of the Relevant Issuer, including a Call Option as described in 
Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the Senior Notes Conditions or the Senior NTD 
Notes Conditions, a Make-Whole Redemption as described in Condition 7(e) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer) of the Senior Notes Conditions or the Senior NTD Notes Conditions and/or a Clean-up Call Option as 
described in Condition 7(f) (Clean-up Call Option of the Issuer) of the Senior Notes Conditions or the Senior 
NTD Notes Conditions. See Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) of the Senior Notes Conditions 
or the Senior NTD Notes Conditions. 
The existence of these early redemption options could limit the market value of such Notes. During any period 
where there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood that the Relevant Issuer may elect to redeem 
Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
With respect to the Clean-up Call Options, there is no obligation on the Relevant Issuer to inform investors if 
and when the Minimum Percentage of a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, 
and the Relevant Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a 
notice in respect of the exercise of the relevant Clean-up Call Option by the Relevant Issuer the Notes may have 
been trading significantly above the redemption price, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to affect a conversion, and any conversion of the interest basis, 
may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Fixed/Floating Rate Notes since the spread on 
the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Notes. If the Relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the

--- Page 47 ---
47 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. Furthermore, if any Notes are issued upon terms 
providing for automatic conversion of the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate or vice 
versa, this may also affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned if the rate or basis 
to which the interest rate is required to switch is lower than the interest rate prevailing up to such time. 
Inflation Linked Notes (Applicable to Senior Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes))  
Ørsted may issue Inflation Linked Notes where interest and redemption amounts will be adjusted by reference 
to movements in RPI or CPI (each an “Index”), as the case may be, during a reference period. 
A decrease in the relevant Index over the reference period will reduce the interest or redemption amounts 
payable in respect of such Senior Notes. In a deflationary environment, (i) the annual interest received may be 
lower than the rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) and (ii) the amount to be repaid upon redemption of the Senior Notes would be reduced to less 
than the nominal amount of the Senior Notes (unless the relevant Final Terms (or relevant Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) specify redemption at par or a Minimum Redemption Amount (as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms (or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be)) which is equal to or higher than the nominal 
amount of the Senior Notes). Consequently, investors may lose the value of their entire investment or part of it. 
The historical experience of the relevant Index should not be viewed as an indication of future performance of 
such Index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor should consult 
its own financial and legal advisors about the risk entailed by an investment in any Inflation Linked Notes and 
the suitability of such Inflation Linked Notes considering its circumstances. 
Moreover, the methodology used by the Office for National Statistics (“ONS”) for calculating RPI or CPI may 
change over time which may affect the actual RPI or CPI figure. Consequently, the amount of interest payable 
on each interest payment date and/or the amount to be repaid upon redemption of Inflation Linked Notes may 
increase, or decrease, as a result of such a change to the RPI or CPI figure. Further information on the RPI and 
CPI (including past and current levels) can be found at www.statistics.gov.uk. 
If the relevant Index ceases to be published or where there is a fundamental change in the rules governing such 
Index, adjustments to such Index may be made, or a substitute index may be agreed. If an adjustment to such 
Index cannot be made or any substitute for such Index found then, in specified circumstances, Ørsted may 
redeem the Inflation Linked Notes early. See Conditions 6(d) (Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the 
Index) and 7(d) (Redemption for Index Reasons) of the Senior Notes Conditions for further detail. 
The application of Conditions 6(d) (Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index) and 7(d) (Redemption 
for Index Reasons) of the Senior Notes Conditions may have a positive or negative impact on the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date and/or the amount to be repaid upon, or the timing of, any 
redemption of Inflation Linked Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes issued as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
green assets 
Either Issuer may choose to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of the Notes for the 
financing of a pool of Eligible Projects as described in the Green Finance Framework and to apply for the Notes 
to be inscribed on the Luxembourg Green Exchange Platform. Prospective investors should have regard to the 
information set out in this Base Prospectus and the Green Finance Framework regarding such use of proceeds

--- Page 48 ---
48 
and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the 
Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. Ørsted has engaged CICERO to 
issue a second-party opinion regarding its Green Finance Framework (the “CICERO Opinion”). The CICERO 
Opinion is only current as of the date on which it was initially issued. The Green Finance Framework, the 
CICERO 
Opinion 
and 
associated 
reporting 
are 
available 
on 
Ørsted’s 
website 
at 
https://orsted.com/en/investors/debt/green-financing. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Finance 
Framework, nor the CICERO Opinion, nor any associated reporting is incorporated into, or forms part of, this 
Base Prospectus. The Green Finance Framework and the CICERO Opinion may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes. Neither the Green Finance Framework nor the CICERO Opinion is a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. 
However, no assurance is given by Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese 
Trustee that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, any Eligible Projects.  
While it is the intention of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of such Notes 
specifically to a portfolio of eligible green projects as described in the Green Finance Framework, there can be 
no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) (including those the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Projects) will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such project(s) or 
use(s). Nor can there be any assurance that any Eligible Projects will be completed within any specified period 
or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Relevant Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Relevant Issuer will not constitute an Event 
of Default or Default under the Notes. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as 
to what constitutes or may be classified as, a “sustainable”, “green” or equivalently labelled project continue to 
develop and evolve, and different organisations may develop definitions or labels that are different from, and 
may be incompatible with, those set by other organisations.  
A basis for the determination for such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Taxonomy Regulation 
establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or “taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors 
with a common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally 
sustainable. On 1 January 2022, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 entered 
into force, supplementing the EU Taxonomy Regulation by establishing the technical screening criteria for 
determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate 
change mitigation or climate change adaption and for determining whether that economic activity causes no 
significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Regulation has been and 
remains subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission, through 
delegated regulations, of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation. Any further delegated act that is adopted by the European Commission in the 
implementation of the EU Taxonomy Regulation may evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities

--- Page 49 ---
49 
and other amendments to reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review to the relating screening 
criteria. In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market convention in the green and 
sustainable market, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Projects will comply with any taxonomy established under the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
or otherwise meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or similar labels 
(including the European Green Bond Standard (as defined below), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on 
sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector and any implementing legislation and 
guidelines) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any project(s) or use(s) 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects. 
Further, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as 
environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds was published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 30 November 2023 (the “EU Green Bond Regulation”). The EU Green Bond Regulation, 
which entered into force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 21 December 2024, introduces a voluntary 
label (the “European Green Bond Standard”) for issuers of “green” use of proceeds bonds where the proceeds 
will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy. Notes issued under this Programme will 
not be aligned with such European Green Bond Standard and are intended to comply with the criteria and 
processes set out in the Green Finance Framework only. It is not clear at this stage the impact which the 
European Green Bond Standard may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds 
that do not meet such standard. It could reduce demand and liquidity for the Notes and their price. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Relevant Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Projects, including, but 
not limited to, the CICERO Opinion, to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification (i) is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus, (ii) is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by Ørsted, 
Ørsted Wind, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and (iii) would 
only be current as of the date that it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of 
such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Green Exchange or any other 
dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), including, but not limited to, the Luxembourg Green 
Exchange, no representation or assurance is given by Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Arranger, the Dealers, the 
Trustee, the Taiwanese Trustee or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or 
in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, for example with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Eligible Projects. Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee, the Taiwanese Trustee 
or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any project(s) or use(s), including any 
Eligible Projects, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any such opinion or

--- Page 50 ---
50 
certification attesting that the Relevant Issuer are not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted 
to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended by the Relevant Issuer 
to finance Eligible Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
b) Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of 
the provisions of Notes of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in 
the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) determine without 
the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders that any Event of Default (as defined in the Senior Notes 
Conditions and the Senior NTD Notes Conditions, as applicable) or Potential Event of Default (as defined in 
the Trust Deed) in respect of the Senior Notes or any Default (as defined in the Subordinated Notes Conditions) 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of certain other entities 
as principal debtor under any Notes in place of either of the Relevant Issuer or of any previously substituted 
company, in the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and 
Substitution) of the Senior Notes Conditions, Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and 
Substitution) of the Senior NTD Notes Conditions or Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions, as applicable. 
Change of law 
Except for Clauses 6 (Subordination) and 21 (Trustee as representative) of the Amended and Restated Trust 
Deed and Clause 20 (Trustee as representative) of the Supplemental Trust Deed and, in addition in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes only, Condition 3 (Status and Subordination) of the Subordinated Notes Conditions 
which shall, in each case, be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Kingdom 
of Denmark, the Trust Deed and the Conditions are governed by English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English 
law or the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark or administrative practice in either jurisdiction after the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Judgments entered against Danish entities in the courts of a state which is not subject to the Brussels 
Regulations, the Lugano Convention or the Hague Choice of Court Convention (all as defined below) 
may not be recognised or enforceable in Denmark  
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Denmark in the courts of a state which is not, under the 
terms of (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council on Jurisdiction and

--- Page 51 ---
51 
the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments (the “2012 Brussels Regulation”), (ii) the bilateral agreement 
relating to the 2012 Brussels Regulation between Denmark and the European Community of 19 October 2005 
(and any protocol and accession convention in respect thereof), (iii) Danish Act No. 1563 of 20 December 2006 
(as amended), consolidated in Danish Consolidated Act No. 1282 of 14 November 2018, implementing the 
2012 Brussels Regulation, (iv) the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of 
Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the “Lugano Convention”) 
or (v) the Convention on Choice of Court Agreements on 30 June 2005 (the “Hague Choice of Court 
Convention”), a Member State (as defined in the 2012 Brussels Regulation) or a Contracting State (as defined 
in the Lugano Convention and the Hague Choice of Court Convention), will be neither recognised nor enforced 
by the Danish courts without re-examination of the matters thereby adjudicated. In addition, a judgment against 
a company incorporated in Denmark in the courts of a state which is a Contracting State under the Hague Choice 
of Court Convention will not be recognised nor enforced by the Danish courts without re-examination of the 
matters thereby adjudicated unless the parties had agreed to settle their disputes exclusively in the jurisdiction 
of one Contracting State. In connection with any re-examination, the judgment of a foreign court will generally 
be accepted as evidence, but the parties must provide the Danish courts with satisfactory information about the 
contents of the relevant law of the contract and, if they fail to do so, the Danish courts may apply Danish law 
instead. 
Integral multiples of less than €100,000 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
of €100,000 plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds 
an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
Regulation and reform of EURIBOR or other “benchmarks” could adversely affect any Notes linked 
to such “benchmarks” 
EURIBOR and other rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
The BMR was published in the official journal on 29 June 2016 and became applicable from 1 January 2018 
(with the exception of provisions specified in Article 59 (mainly on critical benchmarks) that have applied from 
30 June 2016). The BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
“benchmark” rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the BMR, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. 
In addition, the BMR stipulates that each administrator of a “benchmark” regulated thereunder must be licensed 
by the competent authority of the Member State where such administrator is located. There is a risk that 
administrators of certain “benchmarks” will fail to obtain a necessary license, preventing them from continuing 
to provide such “benchmarks”. Other administrators may cease to administer certain “benchmarks” because of 
the additional costs of compliance with the BMR and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated 
therewith.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
The potential elimination of certain benchmarks, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark 
could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the terms and conditions, or result in other 
consequences, in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback 
of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for floating rate Notes based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Any such consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on the value and return on any such Notes. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. It is not possible to predict 
whether, and to what extent, the benchmarks will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause 
benchmarks to perform differently than they have in the past and may have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
“benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a 
“benchmark”. 
Benchmark discontinuation  
In relation to the Senior Notes, where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Senior Notes Conditions provide that the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). 
In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor 
any successor or replacement may be available. Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no 
successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page is available, the Senior Notes Conditions provide for the 
Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated 
to the Calculation Agent. Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are 
not submitting rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately 
revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original 
Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the 
availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate 
is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
In relation to the Subordinated Notes, where Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes Conditions provide 
that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or 
replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant 
Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. Where the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page is available, the Subordinated Notes 
Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to mid-swap 
rate quotations from banks communicated to the Issuer who will then notify the Calculation Agent. Where such 
quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the 
determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Reset Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate was 
discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from 
reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may 
adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate 
and a public statement by the supervisor for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that such rate is 
or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying 
market. If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Benchmark discontinuation) of the Senior 
Notes Conditions or the Senior NTD Notes Conditions or Condition 4(g) (Benchmark discontinuation) of the 
Subordinated Notes Condition, as applicable) occurs, the Relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate, despite the continued availability of the 
Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component thereof) is likely to result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would 
do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to be referenced. In addition, the market (if any) for Notes 
linked to any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be less liquid than the market for Notes linked to 
the Original Reference Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Relevant Issuer may vary the Conditions (subject to 
certain stipulations set out therein in respect of the Subordinated Notes), as necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the 
Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate. Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under the Conditions will be notified promptly and in any event at least 
10 business days prior to the next Interest Determination Date (in respect of Senior Notes) or the next Reset 
Interest Determination Date (in respect of Subordinated Notes) by the Relevant Issuer to the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with the Conditions, the Noteholders. 
The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body 
(which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority, group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities or any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of the relevant central bank supervisory authority, or group of central banks/supervisory authorities), 
(ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Independent Adviser 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula or methodology which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be. 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form. 
The Relevant Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Where the Relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate prior to the date which is 10 business days prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date (in respect of Senior Notes) or 10 business days prior to the relevant 
Reset Interest Determination Date (in respect of Subordinated Notes), the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component thereof) for the next succeeding Interest Period (in respect of Senior Notes) or Reset Period (in 
respect of Subordinated Notes), as applicable, will be (in respect of Senior Notes) the Rate of Interest applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where 
the Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial 
Rate of Interest, or (in respect of Subordinated Notes) the last observable Original Reference Rate on the 
Relevant Screen Page as determined in relation to the Subordinated Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period, or, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
Initial Rate of Interest.  
Applying (in respect of Senior Notes) the initial Rate of Interest or (in respect of Subordinated Notes) the 
Original Reference Rate on the Relevant Screen Page, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to 
or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component thereof), or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (in 
respect of Senior Notes) or the last preceding Reset Interest Determination Date (in respect of Subordinated 
Notes) before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the 
Floating Rate Notes (in respect of Senior Notes) and the Subordinated Notes (where Mid-Swap Rate is specified 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined), in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes. 
In relation to the Senior Notes, where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Senior Notes Conditions provide that the Rate 
of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 
ISDA Definitions (as defined in the Senior Notes Conditions). If a public statement is made by the supervisor 
for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that such rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market and a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate is determined, ISDA Determination will not apply. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” 
Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate 
determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and 
the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these 
provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect 
the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
c) Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. If a Tranche of Notes is issued to a single investor or a limited number of 
investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in such Notes. Therefore, investors may

--- Page 55 ---
55 
not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies 
or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
Ørsted and Ørsted Wind will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls, where the foreign currency is the Euro, and the 
risk of a breakup of the Euro and the risk of a redenomination of the Notes. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent 
yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes, and (3) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. See also “The interest rate on the Subordinated Notes will reset on the 
First Reset Date and on every Subsequent Reset Date thereafter, which can be expected to affect the interest 
payment on the Subordinated Notes and the market value of such Subordinated Notes”. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where a Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating(s) assigned to the Programme, the Relevant Issuer or to Notes already issued (taking into consideration 
also that Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes are likely to have different rating(s) assigned). Such ratings may 
also not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. In addition, any negative change in the credit rating of 
the Relevant Issuer could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. If the status of the rating agency rating 
the Notes changes, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling 
the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time. 
There can be no assurance as to the suitability or reliability of Ørsted’s ESG ratings, as well as the 
accuracy and/or completeness of the underlying methodology applied in assigning such rating 
Ørsted’s exposure to ESG risks and the related management arrangements established to mitigate those risks 
have been assessed by several agencies through ESG ratings. For more information on Ørsted’s ESG ratings 
reference is made to “ØRSTED A/S – ESG Ratings”.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ESG Ratings are not regulated or monitored in a similar manner to 
corporate credit rating organisations and so prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance, 
suitability and reliability of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together with any 
other investigation such an investor deems necessary. Among other things, the ESG rating is primarily based 
on publicly available information about Ørsted and an individualised underlying rating methodology that is not 
uniformly applied by other ESG rating organisations nor at an industry level. The ESG rating, therefore, may 
not reflect or otherwise address the potential impact of all relevant ESG risks related to, and factors that may 
affect, Ørsted’s operations. Such ESG rating should not be regarded as a conclusive analysis of Ørsted’s 
operations and do not represent a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, particularly as they may be 
subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. No assurance or 
representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any such rating of any 
third party which may or may not be made available in connection with Ørsted’s operations and its ability to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria employed by such ESG rating organisation. 
No assurance is given by Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Arranger or any Dealers that the ESG ratings will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
or social impact of Ørsted’s operations. Further, none of Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, the Arranger or the Dealers makes 
any representation as to the suitability or reliability of such ESG rating, as well as the accuracy and/or 
completeness of the underlying methodology applied by the relevant rating organisation in assigning such ESG 
rating. 
Any change in Ørsted’s existing ESG rating, or the issuance of a materially different ESG rating by an 
alternative rating organisation, could adversely affect the price that a subsequent purchaser will be willing to 
pay for investments in the Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(a) 
the annual report of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (the “Ørsted 2023 
Annual Report”) (excluding the section entitled “Financial and ESG Outlook 2024” appearing on pages 
16 to 17 and the section entitled “Financial targets and policies” on page 18), including the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted, together in each case with the audit report thereon – 
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/annual-report-2023/orsted-ar-
2023.pdf?rev=526307f68e2047b3a1df8dd2cdf719ec&hash=E6069E12C1792AD620FA12898587394
C  
(b) 
the annual report of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the “Ørsted 2022 
Annual Report”) (excluding the section entitled “Financial Outlook 2023” appearing on pages 13 to 14 
and the section entitled “Financial estimates and policies” on page 15), including the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted, together in each case with the audit report thereon – 
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/2022-annual-report/orsted-annual-report-
2022.ashx?rev=dbb7b462b5d64e53989413e99130cdbc&hash=273FAA9F115E673717493F904CC1F
C18 
(c) 
the annual report of Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (the “Ørsted 
Wind 
2023 
Annual 
Report”) 
– 
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-
/media/www/docs/corp/com/investor/financial-reporting/tw-holding-reports/orsted-wind-power-tw-
holdings-
2023.pdf?rev=6b7891cc88524fcd9282f73c615e8625&hash=B68754BF016477DCED2614CB561BAE
0C  
(d) 
the annual report of Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the “Ørsted 
Wind 
2022 
Annual 
Report”) 
– 
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-
/media/www/docs/corp/com/investor/financial-reporting/tw-holding-reports/orsted-wind-power-tw-
holdings-
2022.ashx?rev=9d716944fa74444a95102f84a7420a77&hash=2058E4553C8AE95663A6B7C29DDE
58C4 
(e) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 43 to 82 of the prospectus dated 20 February 2023 relating to 
the 
programme 
– 
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-
/media/www/docs/corp/com/investor/debt_invest/2023/v12-orsted-dip-update-2023-base-
prospectus.pdf?rev=98a8b326af314448801d965ad2794842&hash=988A345D2FD35214AD3F22F5A
6F9A8E2 
(f) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 37 to 76 of the prospectus dated 22 February 2022 relating to 
the programme –  
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/www/docs/corp/com/investor/debt_invest/2022/a46946293-
v160-orsted-dip-update-2022-base-
prospectus.ashx?la=en&rev=ea35f9eb93f14c698f407a2432d0e05c&hash=0055BD795BFA3EC50102
B36799981C5B  
(g) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 35 to 94 of the prospectus dated 30 October 2020 relating to 
the programme – 
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/www/docs/corp/com/investor/debt_invest/orsted-dip-update-
2020_base-

--- Page 58 ---
58 
prospectus.ashx?la=en&rev=09b5780fe98f4782b66c3dcdbb12ba08&hash=45581D0389EF73435249
9E321358630B  
(h) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 82 of the prospectus dated 4 November 2019 relating to 
the Programme –  
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/www/docs/corp/com/investor/debt_invest/base-prospectus-
dated-4-november-
2019.ashx?la=en&rev=267290f4a8804f2fa606f644c9443cdc&hash=792EC2B41B7FC6DCB5DBA86
078E18379 
(i) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 56 of the prospectus dated 3 May 2019 relating to the 
Programme –  
https://orstedcdn.azureedge.net/-/media/WWW/Docs/Corp/COM/Investor/Orsted-DIP-Base-
Prospectus-3-May-
2019.ashx?la=en&rev=db33fd04cbde4c8c9bcf59f4e08d21f8&hash=C7AD66964BB781915B04E4158
78463C4  
(together, the “documents incorporated by reference”), each of which have been filed with the CSSF and 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes 
such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any information which is not contained within the page numbers of the documents specified in paragraphs (a) 
to (i) above is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant to investors or is 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be published on Ørsted’s website 
(www.orsted.com) and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 
as set out in the Ørsted 2023 Annual Report and the Ørsted 2022 Annual Report, the Ørsted Wind 2023 Annual 
Report and the Ørsted Wind 2022 Annual Report, respectively. 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023 
Consolidated Statement of Income ...........................................................................................Page 144 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income………………………………………….. Page 144 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ......................................................................................................Page 145 
 
Consolidated Statement of Shareholders’ 
Equity……………………………………………… 
Page 146 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .....................................................................................Pages 147-148 
 
Notes .........................................................................................................................................Pages 149-231

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Independent Auditors’ Report ...................................................................................................Pages 244-248 
 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 
Consolidated Statement of Income ..................................................................................... Page 71 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive 
Income………………………………………… 
Page 72 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ................................................................................................ Page 73 
 
Consolidated Statement of Shareholders’ 
Equity……………………………………………... 
Page 74 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .............................................................................. Pages 75-76 
 
Notes ................................................................................................................................... Pages 77-154 
 
Independent Auditors’ Report ............................................................................................. Pages 174-178 
 
Audited annual financial statements of Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2023  
Income Statement ......................................................................................................................  
Page 14 
Balance Sheet ............................................................................................................................  
Pages 15-16 
Statement of Changes in Equity ................................................................................................  
Page 17 
Notes .........................................................................................................................................  
Pages 18-25 
Independent Auditors’ Report ...................................................................................................  
Pages 2-4 
 
Audited annual financial statements of Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022  
 
Income Statement ...................................................................................................................... 
Page 11 
 
Balance Sheet ............................................................................................................................ 
Pages 12-13  
Statement of Changes in Equity ................................................................................................ 
Page 14 
 
Notes ......................................................................................................................................... 
Pages 15-20  
Independent Auditors’ Report ................................................................................................... 
Pages 2-4

--- Page 60 ---
60 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Ørsted has given an undertaking to the Dealers and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange that if at any time during 
the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and 
whose inclusion in this Base Prospectus or removal is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of 
Ørsted, and the rights attaching to the Notes, Ørsted shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a replacement prospectus approved by the CSSF for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto or replacement prospectus as such Dealer and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
(OTHER THAN THE SENIOR NTD NOTES) 
The following is the text (save for the text in italics) of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in 
accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to each Series of the 
Senior Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. The 
full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant Final Terms shall be endorsed on such Bearer 
Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. References in these 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Senior Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. In the case of Exempt Notes issued under the Programme, references to the “Notes” and the “Final 
Terms” in this paragraph and in these Conditions shall be read and construed as references to the Exempt 
Notes and the Pricing Supplement, respectively.  
The Notes are constituted by an Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 4 March 2024 between Ørsted A/S 
(“Ørsted” and in its capacity as an issuer of Notes, the “Issuer”), Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S as 
guarantor (“Ørsted Wind” and in its capacity as the guarantor of Notes issued by Ørsted, the “Guarantor”) 
and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time 
being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below) (as amended 
or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”). These terms and 
conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes 
the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An Amended and 
Restated Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) 
dated 4 March 2024 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing 
and paying agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time 
being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement are available for inspection during usual business hours at the principal office of the Trustee 
(presently at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) and at the specified offices of 
the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents provided that if any Agent is not able to make available for inspection 
at its specified office such documents by any event beyond its reasonable control, such Agent may provide such 
documents for inspection to any holder of a Note electronically upon request by any such Noteholder and upon 
the provision of evidence satisfactory to such Agent of such Noteholder’s holding in such Note with the relevant 
clearing system. 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts” 
and the “Receiptholders”) relating to Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are 
entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed 
and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are specified to be 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form exchangeable for

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) as specified hereon in each case in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown hereon provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as 
at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are 
issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Specified Denomination as 
the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Inflation Linked Note or an 
Instalment Note, a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued 
with one or more Receipts attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
The Notes are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the Final Terms. Any currency may be so 
specified, subject to compliance with all legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”) or as specified hereon. Except as 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on 
it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts relating to it or the 
person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in 
whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes: 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, 
that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined 
in Condition 8(b)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need 
not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of

--- Page 63 ---
63 
one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially 
in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part 
transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the 
detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations 
may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy 
of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholder’s option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, 
a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In 
the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having 
different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have 
the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already 
a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c) shall be available for delivery 
within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as 
defined in Condition 7(g)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case 
may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice 
or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as 
aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or 
otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate 
to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may 
specify. In this Condition (d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which 
banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the 
Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge: 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or partial 
redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but upon payment by the applicant of any tax or other governmental charges that may be

--- Page 64 ---
64 
imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent 
may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the 
due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Note, (ii) during 
the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its 
option pursuant to Conditions 7(e), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during 
the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An Exchangeable Bearer Note 
called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of 
which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date (as defined 
in Condition 8(b)(ii)). 
3 
Guarantee and Status 
(a) 
Guarantee 
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed 
to be payable by the Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Notes and any Receipts and Coupons relating to 
them. Its obligations in that respect (the “Upstream Guarantee”) are contained in the Amended and 
Restated Trust Deed. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at 
least equally with all its other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, present and future. 
(b) 
Status 
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Receipts and Coupons 
relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject 
to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all its other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Restriction: 
So long as any Note, Receipt or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), neither the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor will, and the Issuer and the Guarantor will each ensure that none of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) will create, or have outstanding any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) other than a Permitted Security 
Interest (as defined below), upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or 
revenues (including any uncalled share capital) to secure any (A) Relevant Debt, or (B) payment under 
any guarantee or indemnity granted by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any such Material Subsidiary in 
respect of any Relevant Debt without at the same time or prior thereto according to the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s obligations under the Trust Deed, equal and rateable 
security to that which is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Debt, guarantee or indemnity 
or such other security as the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially less 
beneficial to the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) of the Noteholders.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(b) 
Definitions: 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(i) 
“Group” means together Ørsted, Ørsted Wind and Subsidiaries of each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind 
whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of Ørsted; 
(ii) 
“Material Subsidiary” at any time means (A) Ørsted Wind and (B) any member of the Group (not being 
a Subsidiary falling within sub-paragraph (iv) of the definition of Non-Recourse Project Financing and 
whose only indebtedness for borrowed money is Non-Recourse Project Financing): 
(i) 
which was a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) at the date to 
which the then latest audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Group (the 
“Accounts”) were made up and whose total revenue and/or gross assets (in each case 
consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) at the time of its 
latest financial statements (consolidated where applicable) exceeded 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated total revenue and/or gross assets of the Group at such date, as determined by 
reference to such Accounts; 
(ii) 
which has been a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) for more 
than 180 days and which became a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) subsequent to the date of the then latest Accounts and whose total revenue and/or 
gross assets (in each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) would, as at the balance sheet date of the then latest Accounts on the basis 
that such Subsidiary was a Subsidiary on such balance sheet date, exceed 10 per cent. of 
the consolidated total revenue and/or gross assets of the Group as would be determined by 
reference to such consolidated financial statements; or 
(iii) 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) which, although not a 
Material Subsidiary at the date of the then latest Accounts, subsequently acquires or 
develops assets and/or generates revenues which would, when aggregated with its existing 
assets and/or revenues (in each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself 
has Subsidiaries), constitute 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated total revenue and/or 
gross assets of the Group if at the balance sheet date of the then latest Accounts, those 
Accounts and the latest financial statements of the relevant Subsidiary (consolidated 
where applicable) had been prepared on the basis that such assets had already been 
acquired or developed or such revenues had already been generated, 
provided that if any Material Subsidiary shall at any relevant time cease to have revenue and/or 
gross assets (in each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
which constitute more than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total revenues and/or gross assets of 
the Group if consolidated financial statements of the Group were prepared at that time, it shall at 
that time cease to be a Material Subsidiary, until such time as its revenues and/or gross assets (in 
each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) subsequently 
exceed 10 per cent. of the consolidated total revenues and/or gross assets of the Group at any 
relevant time. A certificate of the applicable Authorised Signatories of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as the case may be) that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary is or is not, or was or was not, at any 
particular time or during any particular period, a Material Subsidiary may be relied upon by the 
Trustee and, if so relied upon, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
on all concerned;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(iii) 
“Non-Recourse Project Financing” means any present or future indebtedness incurred to finance the 
ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, maintenance and/or operation of an asset 
(whether or not an asset of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries), 
or any associated rehabilitation works, in respect of which the person or persons to whom any such 
indebtedness is or may be owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries) has or have no recourse whatsoever to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries for the repayment thereof other than: 
(i) 
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or net cash flow (other than historic cash 
flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or the business of owning, acquiring, 
constructing, developing, maintaining and/or operating such asset; and/or 
(ii) 
(A) recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of such 
indebtedness in an enforcement of any encumbrance given over such asset (and/or any 
other assets primarily used in the business of owning, acquiring, constructing, creating, 
developing, maintaining and/or operating such asset) or the income, cash flow or other 
proceeds deriving therefrom (or given over shares or the like in the capital of the borrower 
or owner of the asset or any Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)) to secure such 
indebtedness, provided that (aa) the extent of such recourse is limited solely to the 
amount of any recoveries made on any such enforcement and (bb) such person or persons 
is/are not entitled, by virtue of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such 
indebtedness, to commence proceedings for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Subsidiary 
described in paragraph (iv)) or to appoint or procure the appointment of any receiver, 
trustee or similar person or officer in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)) or 
any of its assets (save for the assets the subject of such encumbrance); and/or (B) recourse 
against the assets, income, cashflow, proceeds or shares or the like subject to an 
encumbrance referred to in this paragraph (ii); and/or 
(iii) 
recourse under any form of assurance, undertakings or support, which recourse is limited 
to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages and damages required to be 
calculated in a specified way) or under an indemnity for breach of an obligation or 
representation (not being a payment obligation or an obligation to procure payment by 
another or an indemnity in respect thereof or any obligation to comply or to procure 
compliance by another with any financial ratios or other tests of financial condition other 
than costs to complete tests or project completion tests) of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries; and/or 
(iv) 
recourse against (aa) any Subsidiary, or the assets of any Subsidiary, whose principal 
business comprises the ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, 
maintenance and/or operation of the asset concerned; or (bb) any Subsidiary, or the assets 
of any Subsidiary, whose principal business comprises the ownership or financing, directly 
or indirectly, of any Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)(aa); and/or 
(v) 
recourse under any guarantee and/or indemnity of such indebtedness or completion of 
construction or development of an asset, provided that in any such case the guarantee 
and/or indemnity is (to the extent not permitted by any of the foregoing paragraphs) 
released or discharged if completion of the relevant construction or development occurs 
on or prior to the agreed date for completion referred to in or in connection with the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
guarantee and/or indemnity and no default under or in connection with such indebtedness, 
guarantee or indemnity or any agreement relating thereto is then subsisting; 
(iv) 
“Permitted Security Interest” means (a) any Security Interest created by either the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) or any Material Subsidiary upon real property, energy producing assets 
and/or ships in favour of one or more Danish mortgage institutions (realkreditinstitutter) or other credit 
institutions (including, but not limited to, Danish Ship Finance (Danmarks Skibskredit)) in respect of 
Relevant Debt constituting indebtedness owed to such institutions, provided that the aggregate principal 
amount of the Relevant Debt in respect of which all such Security Interests shall have been created as 
shown on the then most recent annual audited consolidated accounts of the Group shall be equal to not 
more than 15 per cent. of the total consolidated assets of the Group, also as shown in the then most recent 
annual audited consolidated accounts of the Group or (b) any Security Interest over assets of a company 
which becomes a Subsidiary (as defined below) after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of Notes, but only if (i) the Security Interest (1) was in existence prior to the date of the 
company concerned becoming a Subsidiary and (2) was not created in contemplation of such company 
becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) the principal amount secured by the Security Interest as at the date the 
company became a Subsidiary is not subsequently increased; 
(v) 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, 
notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being, 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market, 
but shall in any event not include any Non-Recourse Project Financing; and 
(vi) 
“Subsidiary” means a limited liability company covered by the term “dattervirksomhed” as defined in 
section 5(3) of the Danish Companies Act (Consolidated Act. No. 1168 of 1 September 2023 as 
amended) and for the avoidance of doubt, such term shall include any limited liability company 
incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Denmark. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f) (and 
Condition 6, if applicable). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, “Interest 
Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon 
as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day 
of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below 
relating to either ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination and/or Linear Interpolation shall 
apply, depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified hereon. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(London time in the case of CMS London or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR 
or CMS Brussels or Copenhagen time in the case of CIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations; 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(l) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if subparagraph 
(x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall request, if 
the Reference Rate is CMS London, the principal London office of each of the 
Reference Banks or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR or CMS Brussels, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate 
is CIBOR, the principal Danish office of each of the Reference Banks to provide 
the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference 
Rate is CMS London, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR or CMS Brussels, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), 
or if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR or CIBOR, the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Copenhagen time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone interbank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
CIBOR, the Copenhagen interbank market as the case may be, or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed 
by the Issuer) with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Trustee and the Issuer suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone interbank market or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, the 
Copenhagen interbank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or 
(2) 
if the Reference Rate is CMS Brussels or CMS London, a rate determined 
on the basis of the mid-market annual swap rate, as selected by the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer) in its sole discretion on the Interest 
Determination Date at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), if the 
Reference Rate is CMS London or, if the Reference Rate is CMS Brussels, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time). The mid-market annual swap 
rate as referred to in the preceding sentence means the arithmetic mean of 
the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction 
denominated in EUR with respect in CMS Brussels and GBP with respect 
to CMS London with a maturity equal to the Designated Maturity for in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market 
commencing on the first day of the Interest Period with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to 6 months. 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(1) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(2)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Conditions 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) and 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4), respectively). In making such determination, the Independent 
Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or 
fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C).

--- Page 71 ---
71 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1) prior to the date 
which is 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest (or relevant component part thereof) applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the 
first paragraph of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1).  
(2) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)).  
(3) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. 
(4) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) 
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, 
the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
“Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer

--- Page 72 ---
72 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust 
Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by the applicable Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5), the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the 
Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement), provided that the Trustee shall not be 
obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in 
these Conditions and/or any documents to which any of them is a party (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the Calculation 
Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated 
under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or 
these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(5) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) will 
be notified promptly and in any event at least 10 Business Days prior to the next 
Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17, the Noteholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by the 
applicable Authorised Signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C); and

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled 
to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence 
thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying 
Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If 
the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction or is otherwise 
unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make 
such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) 
shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(6) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1) 
(2), (3) and (4), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred.  
(7) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative 
or zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted

--- Page 74 ---
74 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(2) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; 
or 
(5) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will 
be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or  
(6) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate,  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as 
the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For 
the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying 
Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes (or, if applicable any other Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(or any component part thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant 
to the earlier application of Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(2)). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and 
promptly notified to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For 
the avoidance of doubt, neither the Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying 
Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination. 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or,

--- Page 76 ---
76 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent, following consultation with 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as described in Condition 7(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before 
and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 9). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual 
Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest 
for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of 
such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is specified 
hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due 
and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save 
in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the countries of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, 
and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount is applicable to 
such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for 
the period for which interest is required to be calculated.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount (each, a “Redemption 
Amount”), obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the relevant Redemption Amount(s) to be notified 
to the Trustee, the Issuer, the Guarantor, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and 
payable under Condition 11, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee 
otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Authorised Signatories” means any such persons who, acting jointly, have the power to bind the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (as applicable) pursuant to the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s articles of association. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency 
and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro (a “T2 Business 
Day”) and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
“CIBOR” means, in respect of any currency and any period specified hereon, the interest rate benchmark 
known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate administered by Danish Financial Benchmark Facility 
ApS (or any other person which takes over administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of designated maturities which are provided by a panel 
of contributor banks. 
“CMS Brussels” or “CMS London” means a rate for the Designated Maturity determined in accordance 
with the Floating Rate Option for each relevant Reset Date, each as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and having the meanings given to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 x (M2− M1)] + D2 − D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 x (M2 −M1)] + D2 − D1)
360

--- Page 79 ---
79 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 x (M2 −M1)] + D2 − D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, 
the Interest Payment Date. 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any currency and any period specified hereon, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro-zone interbank offered rate. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified 
hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on 
the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; 
and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date, unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and in respect of the Notes, as amended and supplemented up to and 
including the Issue Date for the first Tranche of the Notes, unless otherwise specified hereon.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
“Minimum Percentage” means the percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount of that 
particular Series of Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Notes which have been 
consolidated and form a single Series therewith) specified as such hereon.  
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of CMS London, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London interbank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or 
CMS Brussels, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market 
and, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, the principal Danish office of four major banks in the 
Copenhagen interbank market in each case selected by the Issuer. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon, and includes any successor to such rate. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon. In the event that any Relevant Screen Page stops 
providing quotations for a Reference Rate, then such other page, section, caption, column or other part 
as may replace the same on that information service or on such other information service, in each case 
as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the relevant Reference Rate 
for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or prices will be used. If there is more than one service 
displaying the Reference Rate, the one approved in writing by the Issuer will be used. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system.  
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references 
in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing 
its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such 
or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor shall (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading 
bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any 
other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6 
Indexation 
This Condition 6 is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specifies the Notes as Inflation Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Indexation of Principal: 
Unless otherwise specified hereon, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount and 
the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the Inflation Linked Notes shall be the nominal amount

--- Page 82 ---
82 
of the Inflation Linked Notes multiplied by the Index Ratio applicable to the date on which the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount (as the case may be) 
becomes payable (as determined in accordance with Condition 6(f)), provided that: 
(i) 
if a Minimum Final Redemption Amount, Minimum Early Redemption Amount and/or Minimum 
Optional Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms and such amount is greater than 
the amount of principal in respect of the Notes determined in accordance with this Condition 6(a) 
(expressed on a per Calculation Amount basis), the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount and/or Optional Redemption Amount (as applicable) shall be, respectively, the Minimum Final 
Redemption Amount, Minimum Early Redemption Amount and/or Minimum Optional Redemption 
Amount (as applicable) so specified in the relevant Final Terms; and/or 
(ii) 
if a Maximum Final Redemption Amount, Maximum Early Redemption Amount and/or Maximum 
Optional Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms and such amount is less than the 
amount of principal in respect of the Notes determined in accordance with this Condition 6(a) (expressed 
on a per Calculation Amount basis), the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount and/or 
Optional Redemption Amount (as applicable) shall be, respectively, the Maximum Final Redemption 
Amount, Maximum Early Redemption Amount or Maximum Optional Redemption Amount (as 
applicable) so specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and the Calculation Agent will calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount and 
Optional Redemption Amount (as the case may be) as set out in Condition 5(g). 
(b) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index: 
(i) 
Change in Base: 
If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed by the substitution of a new base for it, 
then with effect from (and including) the month in respect of which such substitution takes effect: 
(A) 
the definition of Index and Index Figure in Condition 6(f) shall be deemed to refer to the 
month and/or year (as applicable) in substitution for January 1987 (where RPI is specified 
as the Index in the relevant Final Terms) or 2015 (where CPI is specified as the Index in 
the relevant Final Terms) (or, as the case may be, for such other date or month as may 
have been substituted for it); and 
(B) 
the definition of Base Index Figure in Condition 6(f) shall be amended to mean the product 
of the then existing Base Index Figure and the Index Figure immediately following such 
substitution, divided by the Index immediately prior to such substitution. 
(ii) 
Delay in publication of the Index: 
If in relation to a particular Interest Accrual Period or to the redemption of all or some only of 
the Notes and otherwise than in circumstances which the Issuer certifies to the Trustee may fall 
with Condition 6(d) or Condition 7(d) (notwithstanding that the Issuer may subsequently be 
advised that they do not fall within Condition 6(d) or Condition 7(d)), the Index Figure relating 
to any month (the “calculation month”) which is required to be taken into account for the 
purposes of the determination of the Index Figure applicable to any date is not published on or 
before the fourteenth day before the date on which such payment is due (the “date for payment”), 
the Index Figure for the relevant calculation month shall be: 
(A) 
the substitute index figure (if any) as is published by the Bank of England or the United 
Kingdom Debt Management Office (or such other United Kingdom authority as may be

--- Page 83 ---
83 
appropriate) for the purposes of indexation or payments on the Reference Gilt or the 
Indexed Benchmark Gilt (as applicable) or, failing such publication, on any one or more 
of HM Government’s index-linked stocks that is indexed to the same Index as the Notes, 
as determined by the Expert; or 
(B) 
if no such determination is made by the Expert within seven days, the Index Figure last 
published before the date for payment. 
(c) 
Application of Changes: 
Where the provisions of Condition 6(b)(ii) apply, the Issuer shall deliver to the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and Calculation Agent a certificate, acting on the sole advice of the Expert, as to the Index Figure 
applicable to the date for payment which shall be conclusive and binding. If a substitute index is 
published as specified in Condition 6(b)(ii)(A) above, a determination made based on that Index shall 
be final and no further payment by way of adjustment shall be made, notwithstanding that the Index 
Figure applicable to the date for payment may subsequently be published. 
If no substitute index is so published and the index relating to the date for payment is subsequently 
published then: 
(i) 
in the case of an Inflation Linked Note not falling due for redemption on the date for payment of interest 
or principal (as the case may be), if the index so subsequently published (if published when such Note 
remains outstanding) is greater or less than the Index applicable by virtue of Condition 6(b)(ii)(B), the 
interest payable on that Note on the Interest Payment Date next succeeding the date of such subsequent 
publication shall be increased or reduced to reflect the amount by which the interest or principal (as the 
case may be) next payable on that Note on the date for payment on the basis of the index applicable by 
virtue of the preceding paragraph fell short of, or (as the case may be) exceeded the interest or principal 
(as the case may be) which would have been payable on that Note if the Index subsequently published 
had been published on or before the fourteenth business day before the date for payment; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any Note falling due for final redemption on the date of payment, no subsequent adjustment 
to amounts paid will be made. 
(d) 
Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index: 
If the Index ceases to be published or any changes are made to it which, in the opinion of the Expert, 
constitute a fundamental change in the rules governing the Index and the change would, in the opinion 
of the Expert, be detrimental to the interests of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Noteholders and if, within 
30 days after its appointment (or such longer period as the Trustee may in its sole discretion agree), the 
Expert recommends for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes one or more adjustments to the Index 
or substitute index (with or without adjustments), then provided that such adjustments or substitute index 
(as the case may be) are not materially detrimental (in the opinion of the Expert) to the interests of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Noteholders, as compared to the interests of the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Noteholders (as the case may be) as they would have been had the Index continued to be published 
or such fundamental change in the rules governing the Index had not been made, the Index shall be 
adjusted as so recommended or (as the case may be) shall be replaced by the substitute index so 
recommended (as so adjusted, if so recommended) and references in these Conditions to the Index shall 
be construed accordingly and the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders of the adjustments to the Index or 
the introduction of the substitute index (with or without adjustments) in accordance with Condition 17. 
If any payment in respect of the Inflation Linked Notes is due to be made after the cessation or changes 
referred to in the preceding paragraph but before any such adjustment to, or replacement of, the Index

--- Page 84 ---
84 
takes effect, the Issuer or, if the Upstream Guarantee in the case of such Notes were called, the Guarantor 
shall (if the Index Figure applicable (or deemed applicable) to the date of payment is not available in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(f)) make a provisional payment on the basis that the Index 
Figure applicable to the date for payment is the Index last published. In that event or in the event of any 
payment on the Inflation Linked Notes having been made on the basis of an index deemed applicable 
under Condition 6(b)(ii)(A) above (also referred to below as a “provisional payment”) the Expert 
subsequently determines that the relevant circumstances fall within this Condition 6(d), then: 
(i) 
except in the case of a payment on redemption of the Inflation Linked Notes, if the sum which would 
have been payable if such adjustments or such substitute index had been in effect on the due date for 
such provisional payment is greater or less than the amount of such provisional payment, the interest 
payable on the Inflation Linked Notes on the Interest Payment Date next succeeding the date on which 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee receive such recommendation shall be increased or reduced to 
reflect the amount by which such provisional payment of interest fell short or, (as the case may be) 
exceeded, the interest which would have been payable on the Notes if such adjustments or such 
substituted index had been in effect on that date; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a payment of principal or interest on redemption of the Notes, no subsequent adjustment 
to amounts paid will be made. 
(e) 
Trustee Action and/or Steps: 
The Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no cessation of or change to the Index has occurred until 
notified otherwise by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and it will not be responsible for identifying or 
appointing an Expert. The Trustee may rely absolutely on any determination made or advice given by 
the Expert without need for further investigation. 
(f) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions: 
“Base Index Figure” means (subject to Condition 6(b)) the base index figure as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Calculation Date” means any date when an Interest Amount or principal amount, as the case may be, 
falls due; 
“CPI” means the U.K. Consumer Price Index (for all items) published by the Office for National 
Statistics (2015 = 100), or any comparable index which may replace such index for the purpose of 
calculating the amount payable on repayment of the Indexed Benchmark Gilt (if any); 
“Expert” means a gilt-edged market maker, an independent investment bank or other expert in London 
appointed by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor ; 
“Index” or “Index Figure” means, subject as provided in Conditions 6(b), 6(d) and 7(d), either RPI or 
CPI as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(i) 
Where RPI is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, any reference to the “Index Figure 
applicable” to a particular Calculation Date shall, subject as provided in Conditions 6(b), 6(d) and 7(d), 
and if “3 months lag” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, be calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
RPIm−3 + 
(Day of Calculation Date −1) 
(Days in month of Calculation Date)  x (RPIm−2 − RPIm−3)

--- Page 85 ---
85 
and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded upwards) and where: 
“RPIm-3” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month that is three months prior to the 
month in which the payment falls due; and 
“RPIm-2” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month that is two months prior to the 
month in which the payment falls due; 
(ii) 
Where RPI is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, any reference to the “Index Figure 
applicable” to a particular Calculation Date shall, subject as provided in Conditions 6(b), 6(d) and 7(d), 
and if “8 months lag” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, mean the Index Figure for the first day of 
the month that is eight months prior to the month in which the payment falls due; 
(iii) 
Where CPI is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, any reference to the “Index Figure 
applicable” to a particular Calculation Date shall, subject as provided in Conditions 6(b), 6(d) and 7(d), 
be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPIm−t + 
(Day of Calculation Date −1) 
(Days in month of Calculation Date)  x (CPIm−(t−1) − CPIm−t) 
and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded upwards) and where: 
“CPIm-t” means the Index Figure for the first day of the month that is “t” months prior to the 
month in which the payment falls due, where the lag period “t” has a value of 2 to 24 as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Indexed Benchmark Gilt” means the index-linked sterling obligation of the United Kingdom 
Government listed on the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority (in its capacity as competent 
authority under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended) and traded on the London 
Stock Exchange that is indexed to the same Index as the Notes and whose average maturity most closely 
matches that of the Notes as the Expert shall determine to be appropriate; 
“Index Ratio” applicable to any Calculation Date means the Index Figure applicable to such month or 
date divided by the Base Index Figure and rounded to five decimal places (0.000005 being rounded 
upwards); 
“Reference Gilt” means the Treasury Stock specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if such stock is not 
in existence, such other index-linked stock issued by or on behalf of HM Government as the Issuer, on 
the advice of the Expert, may consider to be the most appropriate reference government stock for the 
Inflation Linked Notes); and 
“RPI” means the U.K. Retail Price Index (for all items) published by the Office for National Statistics 
(January 1987 – 100) as published by HM Government. 
7 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 7, each Note that 
provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts (other than an Inflation Linked Note) shall be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. The 
outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such 
Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note (other than an 
Inflation Linked Note) shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of 
a Note falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 11, shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided 
below) of such Note unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually (the “Amortised Face Amount”). 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 7(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
11 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before 
and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note 
(other than Zero Coupon Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 7(c) or Condition 7(d) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11, shall 
be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(b) above) (together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under Condition 9 as a

--- Page 87 ---
87 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Denmark or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application of official or generally published interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) taking reasonable 
measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes or the Upstream Guarantee as the 
case may be, then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by the 
applicable Authorised Signatories of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) stating that the 
obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
taking reasonable measures available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in (ii) above in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(d) 
Redemption for Index Reasons: 
In the case of Inflation Linked Notes, if Redemption for Index Reasons is specified hereon and where: 
(i) 
the Index ceases to be published or any changes are made to it which, in the opinion of an Expert, 
constitute a fundamental change in the rules governing the Index and the change would, in the opinion 
of the Expert, be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders and if the Expert fails within 30 days 
after its appointment (or such longer period as the Trustee may in its sole discretion agree), or states to 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee that it is unable, to recommend for the purposes of the Notes 
any adjustments to the Index or any substitute index (with or without adjustments), as described in 
Condition 6(d), the Issuer shall, within 14 days of the expiry of such period or (as the case may be) after 
the date of such statement, give notice (which shall be irrevocable and shall state the date fixed for 
redemption which shall not be more than 15 days after the date on which the notice is given) to redeem 
the Notes then outstanding, at a price equal to their nominal amount multiplied by the Index Ratio 
applicable to the date on which the date fixed for redemption falls, together with accrued interest; or 
(ii) 
the Index ceases to be published or any changes are made to it which, in the opinion of an Expert, 
constitute a fundamental change in the rules governing the Index and the change would, in the opinion 
of the Expert, be detrimental to the interests of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) and if 
the Expert fails within 30 days after its appointment (or such longer period as the Trustee may in its sole 
discretion agree), or states to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee that it is unable, to recommend 
for the purposes of the Notes any adjustments to the Index or any substitute index (with or without 
adjustments), as described in Condition 6(d), the Issuer may at its option, within 14 days of the expiry 
of such period or (as the case may be) after the date of such statement, give notice (which shall be 
irrevocable and shall state the date fixed for redemption which shall not be more than 15 days after the 
date on which the notice is given) to redeem the Notes then outstanding, at a price equal to their nominal 
amount multiplied by the Index Ratio applicable to the date on which the date fixed for redemption falls, 
together with accrued interest, 
provided that no change as set out in Condition 7(d)(i) shall constitute a fundamental change in the 
rules governing the Index which would be detrimental to the interests of the Noteholders unless (i) the 
Fundamental Change Reference Bond specified hereon contains similar terms allowing redemption on 
a fundamental change to the relevant index and (ii) a notice has been published offering holders of the

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Fundamental Change Reference Bond the right to redeem such Fundamental Change Reference Bonds 
in accordance with their terms. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem 
all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 
40 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), 
redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes at any time or from time to time (i) where no particular 
period during which Make-Whole Redemption is applicable is specified, prior to their Maturity Date, or 
(ii) where Make-Whole Redemption is specified as only being applicable for a certain period, during 
such period, in each case on the date for redemption specified in such notice (the “Make-Whole 
Redemption Date”) at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate. 
In the case of Notes other than Inflation Linked Notes where CPI is specified as the Index in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Financial Advisor and will 
be the greater of: 
(i) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed (where applicable, adjusted for indexation 
in accordance with Condition 6); and 
(ii) 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption Margin, if any, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-
Whole Redemption Date. 
In the case of Inflation Linked Notes where CPI is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
unless the Financial Advisor advises the Issuer and the Guarantor that an appropriate CPI Gilt is 
outstanding which would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice at such time, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities with a similar remaining weighted 
average life to the Notes, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount will be calculated by the Financial 
Advisor and will be the greater of: 
a. 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed (adjusted for indexation in 
accordance with Condition 6); and 
b. 
the RPI Adjusted Redemption Amount; or 
(ii) 
if the Financial Advisor advises the Issuer and the Guarantor that an appropriate CPI Gilt is outstanding 
(the “Redemption Reference CPI Gilt”) which would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice at such time, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities with a similar remaining weighted average life to the Notes, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount will be calculated by the Financial Advisor and will be the greater of:

--- Page 89 ---
89 
a. 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed (adjusted for indexation in 
accordance with Condition 6) and 
b. 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, 
the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date on an annual basis at the CPI Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus the 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin, if any, specified in the relevant Final Terms, plus, in 
each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice of redemption is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers 
of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered 
Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn 
in such place as the Issuer may determine and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e): 
“CPI Gilt” means a sterling obligation of the UK government listed on the Official List of the Financial 
Conduct Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange which is linked to the CPI; 
“CPI Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make-
Whole Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Redemption Reference CPI Gilt prevailing at 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the Yield Calculation 
Date or on such dealing day as determined by the Issuer and quoted in writing to the Guarantor, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and the Trustee by the Reference Dealers; 
“Financial Advisor” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent advisor of recognised standing with appropriate expertise selected by the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor after notification of such selection to the Trustee; 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Make-Whole Reference Bond specified hereon or, if the Make-Whole Reference Bond is no longer 
outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgment of the Reference Dealers, prevailing at 11.00 
a.m. (London time) on the Yield Calculation Date or on such dealing day as determined by the Issuer 
and quoted in writing to the Guarantor, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Trustee by the Reference 
Dealers; 
“Make-Whole Reference Bond” means the Make-Whole Reference Bond specified hereon; 
“Notional RPI Bond” means a bond issued by the Issuer, the terms of which are the same as those of 
the Notes to be redeemed, save only that payments of principal and interest are adjusted for indexation 
by reference to RPI (rather than CPI); 
“Real Yield” means a yield, expressed as a percentage, calculated by the Financial Advisor on the basis 
set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields” page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae (Index-Linked Gilts) (published on 8 
June, 1998 and updated on 15 January, 2002 and 16 March, 2005) (as updated, amended or supplemented 
from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded

--- Page 90 ---
90 
up (if necessary) to five decimal places). Such method requires the adoption of an assumed inflation rate 
which shall be such rate as the Financial Advisor may determine and notify to the Trustee and the Issuing 
and Paying Agent to be appropriate and, for the avoidance of doubt, the assumed inflation rate shall be 
a long-term UK inflation rate for the remaining life of the Notes. If such formula does not reflect 
generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time, all as advised to the Issuer and the Guarantor by the 
Financial Advisor; 
“Redemption Reference RPI Gilt” means such RPI Gilt as the Financial Advisor determines would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice at such time, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity and amortisation profile to the 
remaining term of the Notes (or, where the Financial Advisor advises the Issuer and the Guarantor that, 
for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, such stock is not appropriate for such purpose, such other 
government stock as the Financial Advisor may recommend as appropriate for this purpose; 
“Reference Dealers” means five brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers selected by the Issuer 
in consultation with the Guarantor, or such other five persons operating in the gilt-edged market as are 
selected by the Issuer in consultation with the Guarantor; 
“RPI Adjusted Redemption Amount” is an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the product (adjusted for indexation in accordance with Condition 6) of the outstanding principal amount 
of the Notes to be redeemed and the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to five decimal places, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), (as reported in writing to the Issuer and the Guarantor by the 
Financial Advisor) at which the Real Yield on the Notes on the Yield Calculation Date is equal to the 
sum of (x) the Real Yield at 11.00 a.m. (London time) on such date of the Redemption Reference RPI 
Gilt (or, where the Financial Advisor determines in good faith and advises to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, such stock is not appropriate for such purpose, such other 
government stock as advised to the Issuer and the Guarantor by the Financial Advisor) and (y) 0.1 per 
cent.; and 
(ii) 
the Wedge Value (which may be positive or negative and, if negative, the absolute value shall be 
deducted for the purpose of calculating the RPI Adjusted Redemption Amount); 
“RPI Gilt” means a sterling obligation of the UK government listed on the Official List of the Financial 
Conduct Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange which is linked to the RPI; 
“Wedge Value” means the market value to a market counterparty on the Yield Calculation Date (based 
on three (or such lower number as the Issuer and the Financial Advisor may agree as appropriate) third 
party quotes) of a notional swap (where the parties are deemed to have a bilateral, daily, zero-threshold, 
no initial amount, ISDA Credit Support Annex) under which the market counterparty: 
(i) 
receives the remaining cashflows of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
pays the remaining cashflows of the Notional RPI Bond, 
and where, in providing such quotes, such third parties are asked to use discount factors calculated from 
the zero coupon curve derived from the interest rate used to calculate payments on GBP cash collateral, 
provided that, if the Financial Advisor determines and advises the Issuer and the Guarantor that it is not 
reasonably practicable to determine the Wedge Value on such basis (including, without limitation, 
because it is not reasonably practicable to obtain third party quotes) the Wedge Value shall be determined 
by the Financial Advisor and advised to the Issuer and the Guarantor ; and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
“Yield Calculation Date” means the date which is the second Business Day prior to the date on which 
the notice to redeem is dispatched; and 
in the case of Inflation Linked Notes only, the “then present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Notes” shall be calculated in accordance with the 
customary conventions applied to the calculation of such amounts in the inflation linked debt 
transactions from time to time. 
(f) 
Clean-up Call Option of the Issuer: 
If Clean-up Call Option is specified hereon, in the event that Notes representing an aggregate amount 
equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled by the 
Issuer, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem on the date specified in 
such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: 
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the 
holder of such Note giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at 
its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the 
form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the 
notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as 
provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h) 
Purchases: 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their respective subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(i) 
Cancellation: 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries 
may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to 
the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, 
be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall 
be discharged.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
8 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment 
Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for 
payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the 
case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Condition 8(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer 
to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 8(b) shall include final Instalment 
Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents 
or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 8(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts other than 
final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the 
close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn 
on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address 
appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account 
in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer and the Guarantor shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, and (ii) notwithstanding the provisions of 
Condition 9, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation 
Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor each reserves the right at any time with the approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent 
or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, 
provided that the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, 
(ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require and (v) such other agents as may be 
required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in each case, as approved by the 
Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall each forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City 
in respect of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph 
(c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, such Notes should 
be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which 
an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note that is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts 
relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and 
where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued from 
the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be,

--- Page 94 ---
94 
shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after 
its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note 
or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect 
of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may 
be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
9 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) in 
respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons or under the Upstream Guarantee (as the case may be) shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the 
Kingdom of Denmark or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with the Kingdom of Denmark other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for 
payment on the thirtieth day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or

--- Page 95 ---
95 
relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, 
Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment 
or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given 
in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
10 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (as the case may be) for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its discretion may, 
and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor that the Notes are, 
and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together (if applicable) 
with accrued interest: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) fails to pay any interest on, or any 
principal or premium in respect of, the Notes and such failure continues for a period of 14 days in respect 
of principal or interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor fails in any material respect to perform or 
comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the Notes or the Trust Deed which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the 
Trustee remedied within 30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such 
default shall have been given to the Issuer and the Guarantor by the Trustee; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 4) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or 
raised becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated maturity by 
reason of any event of default (howsoever described), or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due 
or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, or (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present 
or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised unless any such right 
of acceleration or obligation referred to in this paragraph (c) (i), (ii) or (iii) is contested by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in good faith by 
appropriate and adequate provisions having been made and further provided that the aggregate amount 
of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or exceeds €25,000,000 or its equivalent (as 
reasonably determined by the Trustee); or

--- Page 96 ---
96 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or 
sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or 
(e) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created 
or assumed by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries becomes 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of 
a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator manager or other similar person) and, in any case, the 
value of the claim secured by any such mortgage, charge, lien or other encumbrance is equal to or 
exceeds (or if added to the value of any other claim falling to be taken into account under this paragraph 
(e) would equal or exceed) €25,000,000 or its equivalent (as reasonably determined by the Trustee); or 
(f) 
Insolvency: the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries is (or is, or could 
be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or 
threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, 
proposes or makes any agreement for the deferral, rescheduling or other readjustment of all of (or all of 
a particular type of) its debts (or of any part which it will or might otherwise be unable to pay when due), 
proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the 
relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into 
effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries; or 
(g) 
Winding-up: an administrator is appointed, an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise 
vested in the Issuer, the Guarantor, or another of their respective Material Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs; or 
(i) 
Guarantee: the Upstream Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and 
effect, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (b), (d), (e) and (h) and, in relation to Material Subsidiaries only, 
(f) and (g), the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
12 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting 
may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or

--- Page 97 ---
97 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the 
business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of 
maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or 
any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect 
of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the 
basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount, (v) to vary 
any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
or the Optional Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination 
of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution in which case the necessary 
quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any 
adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not 
they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed: 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification 
of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that in its opinion is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust 
Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders 
as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of certain other entities (a) in place of the Issuer, 
its successor in business or of any previously substituted company as principal debtor under the Trust 
Deed and the Notes (the “Substituted Debtor”) or (b) in place of the Guarantor, its successor in business 
or of any previously substituted company, as guarantor under the Trust Deed and the Notes (the 
“Substituted Guarantor”) provided that (i) in the case of a substitution of the Issuer (unless the 
Issuer’s successor in business is the Substituted Debtor), the obligations of the Substituted Debtor under 
the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are guaranteed by the Issuer to the Trustee’s 
satisfaction and such other conditions as the Trustee may require; (ii) in the case of a substitution of the 
Guarantor (unless the Guarantor’s successor in business is the Substituted Guarantor), such Substituted 
Guarantor is a Subsidiary of Ørsted whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of Ørsted, 
which shall be certified in writing by the applicable Authorised Signatories of the Substituted Guarantor 
to the Trustee, which certificate shall be conclusive and binding; and (iii) in either of the foregoing cases, 
no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or Talons relating to them is at the relevant time

--- Page 98 ---
98 
overdue. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons 
and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer or the Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
13 Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce the terms 
of the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, but it need not take any such proceedings unless 
(a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders 
holding at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder may proceed 
directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do 
so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
14 Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility. 
The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor and any entity related 
to the Issuer or the Guarantor without accounting for any profit. 
15 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at 
the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) 
and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may 
be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is 
given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) 
and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single

--- Page 99 ---
99 
series with outstanding securities of any Series. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the 
context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series 
with the Notes. 
17 Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being 
a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading on an exchange, notices required to be given to the holders of such Notes pursuant to the Conditions 
shall also be published (if such publication is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading. In the case 
of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices required to be given to the holders of the Notes 
pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort). If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be 
validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
18 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
19 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: 
Save as provided in the following sentence, the Upstream Guarantee, the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Clause 21 (Trustee as 
representative) of the Trust Deed is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of 
the Kingdom of Denmark. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought 
in such courts. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the 
jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process: 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has in the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed an agent in England to 
receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NTD NOTES 
The following is the text (save for the text in italics) of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in 
accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Pricing Supplement, shall be applicable to each Series 
of the Senior NTD Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in Part A of the relevant Pricing Supplement. References in these Conditions to “Notes” are to 
the Senior NTD Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted (i) by an amended and restated trust deed dated 4 March 2024 between Ørsted A/S 
(“Ørsted”), Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S (“Ørsted Wind”) and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited as 
trustee (the “Trustee”) (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the “Amended and Restated 
Trust Deed”), as supplemented by a supplemental trust deed dated 4 March 2024 between Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited as trustee (the “Trustee”) and CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Taiwanese 
Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the Taiwanese trustee or Taiwanese 
trustees under the Supplemental Trust Deed) as Taiwanese trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below) (as 
amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of any Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Supplemental Trust 
Deed” and, together with the Amended and Restated Trust Deed, the “Trust Deed”) and (ii) by registration in 
the book-entry system of the Taiwanese Depository & Clearing Corporation (the “TDCC”). In these terms and 
conditions, “Relevant Issuer” means, in relation to any Tranche, either Ørsted or Ørsted Wind, as the Issuer 
which has concluded an agreement with the Relevant Dealer(s) to issue, or which has issued, the Notes of that 
Tranche; and “Relevant Guarantor” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes issued by Ørsted, Ørsted Wind, 
and in relation to any Tranche of Notes issued by Ørsted Wind, Ørsted. These terms and conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. A supplemental agency agreement 
dated 4 March 2024 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuers, the Trustee, Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent, CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Taiwanese Paying 
Agent”) and the other agents named in it, which is supplemental to the amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 4 March 2024 between the Issuers, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as initial issuing and 
paying agent and the other agents named in it (as amended, restated or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Amended and Restated Agency Agreement”) (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of any 
Notes, the “Supplemental Agency Agreement” and, together with the Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement, the “Agency Agreement”). The calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
as the “Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection 
during usual business hours at the principal office of the Taiwanese Trustee (presently at No. 168, Jingmao 2nd 
Road, Nangang Dist., Taipei, Taiwan (R.O.C.)) and at the specified offices of the Taiwanese Paying Agent. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised, book-entry form and registered by the TDCC. 
Each person shown in the register kept by the TDCC (the “Register”) as having an interest in the Notes shall 
be considered the holder of the principal amount of Notes recorded. The Notes held by such person will be held 
via a securities account opened with a Taiwanese securities broker, who is a participant of the TDCC. 
The Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or Instalment Notes, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement. 
The Notes are denominated in the New Taiwan Dollar, the lawful currency of Taiwan (the Republic of China).

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Title to the Notes shall pass by registration in the Register. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust 
or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” and (in relation to a Note) “holder” means the person in whose name a Note 
is registered in the Register and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein, the absence of any 
such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(a) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of the Notes: 
In the case of an exercise of a Relevant Issuer’s option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, any 
Notes, the Relevant Issuer shall prior to the Optional Redemption Date, notify the TDCC of the exercise 
of such option or a partial redemption. The exercise of such option or a partial redemption will be 
reflected in the Register by the TDCC. 
(b) 
Transfer of the Notes 
In the case of a transfer of any Note made for the sale of such Note, a Noteholder who is the transferor 
of the relevant Note (if the transferor itself is a participant of the TDCC) or the Taiwanese securities 
broker who is a participant of the TDCC and via which the transferor holds the relevant Note, shall notify 
the TDCC of such transfer. The TDCC will transfer such Note to the account of the transferee (if the 
transferee itself is a participant of the TDCC) or the account of the Taiwanese securities broker who is a 
participant of the TDCC and via which the transferee holds the relevant Note. The TDCC will reflect the 
transfer of the relevant Note in the Register maintained by the TDCC. 
(c) 
Exchange Free of Charge: 
The transfer of Notes on registration, transfer, exercise of an option or partial redemption shall be 
effected without charge by or on behalf of the Relevant Issuer but upon payment by the applicant of any 
tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it. 
(d) 
Closed Periods: 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which 
Notes may be called for redemption by the Relevant Issuer at its option pursuant to Conditions 5(d), (iii) 
after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on 
(and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 6(a)(ii)). 
2 
Guarantee and Status 
(a) 
Guarantee 
Ørsted has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed to be 
payable by Ørsted Wind under the Trust Deed and the Notes. Its obligations in that respect (the 
“Downstream Guarantee”) are contained in the Trust Deed. The obligations of Ørsted under the 
Downstream Guarantee, shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation 
and subject to Condition 3, at all times rank at least equally with all its other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations, present and future. 
Ørsted Wind has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment of all sums expressed to 
be payable by Ørsted under the Trust Deed and the Notes. Its obligations in that respect (the “Upstream 
Guarantee”) are contained in the Trust Deed. The obligations of Ørsted Wind under the Upstream

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Guarantee, shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to 
Condition 3, at all times rank at least equally with all its other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations, present and future. 
(b) 
Status 
The Notes constitute (subject to Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Relevant Issuer and shall at 
all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the 
Relevant Issuer under the Notes shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation and subject to Condition 3, at all times rank at least equally with all its other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Relevant Issuer, present and future. 
3 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Restriction: 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) neither the Relevant Issuer nor 
the Relevant Guarantor will, and the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor will each ensure that 
none of their respective Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) will create, or have outstanding any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a “Security Interest”) other than a 
Permitted Security Interest (as defined below), upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled share capital) to secure any (A) Relevant Debt, 
or (B) payment under any guarantee or indemnity granted by the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant 
Guarantor or any such Material Subsidiary in respect of any Relevant Debt without at the same time or 
prior thereto according to the Notes and the Relevant Issuer’s and the Relevant Guarantor’s obligations 
under the Trust Deed, equal and rateable security to that which is created or subsisting to secure any 
such Relevant Debt, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as the Taiwanese Trustee in its 
absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially less beneficial to the Noteholders or as shall be 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Definitions: 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(i) 
“Group” means together Ørsted, Ørsted Wind and Subsidiaries of each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind 
whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of Ørsted; 
(ii) 
“Material Subsidiary” at any time means (A) Ørsted Wind and (B) any member of the Group (not being 
a Subsidiary falling within sub-paragraph (iv) of the definition of Non-Recourse Project Financing and 
whose only indebtedness for borrowed money is Non-Recourse Project Financing): 
(i) 
which was a Subsidiary of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may 
be) at the date to which the then latest audited consolidated annual financial statements of 
the Group (the “Accounts”) were made up and whose total revenue and/or gross assets 
(in each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) at the 
time of its latest financial statements (consolidated where applicable) exceeded 10 per 
cent. of the consolidated total revenue and/or gross assets of the Group at such date, as 
determined by reference to such Accounts; 
(ii) 
which has been a Subsidiary of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case 
may be) for more than 180 days and which became a Subsidiary of the Relevant Issuer or 
the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) subsequent to the date of the then latest

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Accounts and whose total revenue and/or gross assets (in each case consolidated in the 
case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) would, as at the balance sheet date of 
the then latest Accounts on the basis that such Subsidiary was a Subsidiary on such balance 
sheet date, exceed 10 per cent. of the consolidated total revenue and/or gross assets of the 
Group as would be determined by reference to such consolidated financial statements; or 
(iii) 
any Subsidiary of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) 
which, although not a Material Subsidiary at the date of the then latest Accounts, 
subsequently acquires or develops assets and/or generates revenues which would, when 
aggregated with its existing assets and/or revenues (in each case consolidated in the case 
of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries), constitute 10 per cent. or more of the 
consolidated total revenue and/or gross assets of the Group if at the balance sheet date of 
the then latest Accounts, those Accounts and the latest financial statements of the relevant 
Subsidiary (consolidated where applicable) had been prepared on the basis that such assets 
had already been acquired or developed or such revenues had already been generated, 
provided that if any Material Subsidiary shall at any relevant time cease to have revenue and/or 
gross assets (in each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
which constitute more than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total revenues and/or gross assets of 
the Group if consolidated financial statements of the Group were prepared at that time, it shall at 
that time cease to be a Material Subsidiary, until such time as its revenues and/or gross assets (in 
each case consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) subsequently 
exceed 10 per cent. of the consolidated total revenues and/or gross assets of the Group at any 
relevant time. A certificate of the applicable Authorised Signatories of the Relevant Issuer or the 
Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary is or is not, or was or 
was not, at any particular time or during any particular period, a Material Subsidiary may be 
relied upon by the Taiwanese Trustee and, if so relied upon, shall, in the absence of manifest error, 
be conclusive and binding on all concerned; 
(iii) 
“Non-Recourse Project Financing” means any present or future indebtedness incurred to finance the 
ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, maintenance and/or operation of an asset 
(whether or not an asset of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of 
its Subsidiaries), or any associated rehabilitation works, in respect of which the person or persons to 
whom any such indebtedness is or may be owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not the Relevant 
Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries) has or have no recourse 
whatsoever to the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its 
Subsidiaries for the repayment thereof other than: 
(i) 
recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or net cash flow (other than historic cash 
flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or the business of owning, acquiring, 
constructing, developing, maintaining and/or operating such asset; and/or 
(ii) 
(A) recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of such 
indebtedness in an enforcement of any encumbrance given over such asset (and/or any 
other assets primarily used in the business of owning, acquiring, constructing, creating, 
developing, maintaining and/or operating such asset) or the income, cash flow or other 
proceeds deriving therefrom (or given over shares or the like in the capital of the borrower 
or owner of the asset or any Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)) to secure such 
indebtedness, provided that (aa) the extent of such recourse is limited solely to the 
amount of any recoveries made on any such enforcement and (bb) such person or persons 
is/are not entitled, by virtue of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such

--- Page 104 ---
104 
indebtedness, to commence proceedings for the winding up or dissolution of the Relevant 
Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries (other than 
a Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)) or to appoint or procure the appointment of any 
receiver, trustee or similar person or officer in respect of the Relevant Issuer or the 
Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Subsidiary 
described in paragraph (iv)) or any of its assets (save for the assets the subject of such 
encumbrance); and/or (B) recourse against the assets, income, cashflow, proceeds or 
shares or the like subject to an encumbrance referred to in this paragraph (ii); and/or 
(iii) 
recourse under any form of assurance, undertakings or support, which recourse is limited 
to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages and damages required to be 
calculated in a specified way) or under an indemnity for breach of an obligation or 
representation (not being a payment obligation or an obligation to procure payment by 
another or an indemnity in respect thereof or any obligation to comply or to procure 
compliance by another with any financial ratios or other tests of financial condition other 
than costs to complete tests or project completion tests) of the Relevant Issuer or the 
Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or any of its Subsidiaries; and/or 
(iv) 
recourse against (aa) any Subsidiary, or the assets of any Subsidiary, whose principal 
business comprises the ownership, acquisition, construction, creation, development, 
maintenance and/or operation of the asset concerned; or (bb) any Subsidiary, or the assets 
of any Subsidiary, whose principal business comprises the ownership or financing, directly 
or indirectly, of any Subsidiary described in paragraph (iv)(aa); and/or 
(v) 
recourse under any guarantee and/or indemnity of such indebtedness or completion of 
construction or development of an asset, provided that in any such case the guarantee 
and/or indemnity is (to the extent not permitted by any of the foregoing paragraphs) 
released or discharged if completion of the relevant construction or development occurs 
on or prior to the agreed date for completion referred to in or in connection with the 
guarantee and/or indemnity and no default under or in connection with such indebtedness, 
guarantee or indemnity or any agreement relating thereto is then subsisting; 
(iv) 
“Permitted Security Interest” means (a) any Security Interest created by either the Relevant Issuer or 
the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) or any Material Subsidiary upon real property, energy 
producing assets and/or ships in favour of one or more Danish mortgage institutions 
(realkreditinstitutter) or other credit institutions (including, but not limited to, Danish Ship Finance 
(Danmarks Skibskredit)) in respect of Relevant Debt constituting indebtedness owed to such institutions, 
provided that the aggregate principal amount of the Relevant Debt in respect of which all such Security 
Interests shall have been created as shown on the then most recent annual audited consolidated accounts 
of the Group shall be equal to not more than 15 per cent. of the total consolidated assets of the Group, 
also as shown in the then most recent annual audited consolidated accounts of the Group or (b) any 
Security Interest over assets of a company which becomes a Subsidiary (as defined below) after the date 
on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of Notes, but only if (i) the Security Interest (1) 
was in existence prior to the date of the company concerned becoming a Subsidiary and (2) was not 
created in contemplation of such company becoming a Subsidiary and (ii) the principal amount secured 
by the Security Interest as at the date the company became a Subsidiary is not subsequently increased; 
and 
(v) 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, 
notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being,

--- Page 105 ---
105 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market, 
but shall in any event not include any Non-Recourse Project Financing; and 
(vi) 
“Subsidiary” means a limited liability company covered by the term “dattervirksomhed” as defined in 
section 5(3) of the Danish Companies Act (Consolidated Act. No. 1168 of 1 September 2023 as 
amended) and for the avoidance of doubt, such term shall include any limited liability company 
incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Denmark. 
4 
Interest and other Calculations 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Pricing Supplement, “Interest Payment 
Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day 
of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement 
and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination and/or 
Linear Interpolation shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; 
and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(London time in the case of CMS London or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR 
or CMS Brussels or Copenhagen time in the case of CIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations; 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(l) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if subparagraph 
(x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall request, if the 
Reference Rate is CMS London, the principal London office of each of the 
Reference Banks or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR or CMS Brussels, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate 
is CIBOR, the principal Danish office of each of the Reference Banks to provide 
the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference 
Rate is CMS London, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), if the Reference

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Rate is EURIBOR or CMS Brussels, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), 
or if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR or CIBOR, the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
or, if the Reference Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Copenhagen time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone interbank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
CIBOR, the Copenhagen interbank market as the case may be, or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed 
by the Issuer) with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference 
Rate is CIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Copenhagen time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Taiwanese Trustee and the Relevant 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Issuer (or an agent appointed 
by the Issuer) it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone interbank market or, if the Reference Rate is 
CIBOR, the Copenhagen interbank market, as the case may be, provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or 
(2) 
if the Reference Rate is CMS Brussels or CMS London, a rate determined 
on the basis of the mid-market annual swap rate, as selected by the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer) in its sole discretion on the Interest 
Determination Date at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), if the

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Reference Rate is CMS London or, if the Reference Rate is CMS Brussels, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time). The mid-market annual swap 
rate as referred to in the preceding sentence means the arithmetic mean of 
the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction 
denominated in EUR with respect in CMS Brussels and GBP with respect 
to CMS London with a maturity equal to the Designated Maturity for in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market 
commencing on the first day of the Interest Period with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to 6 months. 
(C) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(1) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Relevant Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(2)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Conditions 
5(b)(iii)(C)(3) and 5(b)(iii)(C)(4), respectively). In making such determination, the 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence 
of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Relevant Issuer, the Taiwanese Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C).  
If (i) the Relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1) prior 
to the date which is 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest (or relevant component part thereof) applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined 
in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the 
first paragraph of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1).  
(2) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 109 ---
109 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)).  
(3) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread. 
(4) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) 
and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, 
the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
“Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Relevant Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the Agency Agreement 
and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Relevant Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Taiwanese 
Trustee of a certificate signed by the applicable Authorised Signatories of the 
Relevant Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), the Taiwanese Trustee shall 
(at the expense of the Relevant Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the 
Relevant Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by 
the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and/or the 
Agency Agreement), provided that the Taiwanese Trustee shall not be obliged so 
to concur if in the opinion of the Taiwanese Trustee doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Taiwanese 
Trustee in these Conditions and/or any documents to which any of them is a party 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the Calculation 
Agent or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Relevant Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated 
under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or 
these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4), the Relevant Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(5) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) will 
be notified promptly and in any event at least 10 Business Days prior to the next 
Interest Determination Date by the Relevant Issuer to the Taiwanese Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Relevant Issuer shall 
deliver to the Taiwanese Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a 
certificate signed by the applicable Authorised Signatories of the Relevant Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Taiwanese Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall 
be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will 
(in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Taiwanese Trustee’s or the 
Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Relevant Issuer, the Taiwanese Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any

--- Page 111 ---
111 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Relevant Issuer thereof and the Relevant Issuer 
shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction or 
is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Relevant Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to 
make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross 
negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(6) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Relevant Issuer under Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(1) (2), (3) and (4), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and 
until a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(7) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative 
or zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(2) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4). 
“Benchmark Event” means:

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; 
or 
(5) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will 
be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or  
(6) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Relevant Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate;  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as 
the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the 
relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Relevant Issuer 
and promptly notified to the Taiwanese Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the 
Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Taiwanese Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Relevant Issuer under Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(1). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes (or, if applicable any other Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(or any component part thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant 
to the earlier application of Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(2)).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Relevant Issuer 
and promptly notified to the Taiwanese Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the 
Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Taiwanese Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination. 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement as applicable) 
or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent, following consultation with the Relevant 
Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)).

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless payment is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at 
the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value 
(if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is specified 
in the relevant Pricing Supplement, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount 
shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due 
and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up). For 
these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
countries of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such 
Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other 
period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day 
Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount (each, a “Redemption 
Amount”), obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the relevant Redemption Amount(s) to be notified 
to the Taiwanese Trustee, the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Taiwanese Trustee by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 9 the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made 
unless the Taiwanese Trustee otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining 
of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Authorised Signatories” means any such persons who, acting jointly, have the power to bind the 
Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as applicable) pursuant to the Relevant Issuer’s or the 
Relevant Guarantor’s articles of association. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro (a “T2 Business 
Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres. 
“CIBOR” means, in respect of any currency and any period specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the interest rate benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate administered 
by Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS (or any other person which takes over administration of 
that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of designated 
maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks. 
“CMS Brussels” or “CMS London” means a rate for the Designated Maturity determined in accordance 
with the Floating Rate Option for each relevant Reset Date, each as specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement and having the meanings given to them in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 x (M2− M1)] + D2 − D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 x (M2− M1)] + D2 − D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 117 ---
117 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 x (M2− M1)] + D2 − D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and

--- Page 118 ---
118 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any currency and any period specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, the interest rate benchmark known as the Euro-zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of 
each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period 
of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Pricing Supplement or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business 
Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and in respect of the Notes, as amended and supplemented up to and 
including the Issue Date for the first Tranche of the Notes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement. 
“Minimum Percentage” means the percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount of that 
particular Series of Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Notes which have been 
consolidated and form a single Series therewith) specified as such in the relevant Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of CMS London, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London interbank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or 
CMS Brussels, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market 
and, in the case of a determination of CIBOR, the principal Danish office of four major banks in the 
Copenhagen interbank market in each case selected by the Relevant Issuer or as specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Pricing Supplement, and includes any 
successor to such rate. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. In the event that any 
Relevant Screen Page stops providing quotations for a Reference Rate, then such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace the same on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or 
sponsoring the relevant Reference Rate for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or prices will be 
used. If there is more than one service displaying the Reference Rate, the one approved in writing by the 
Issuer will be used. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Pricing Supplement or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
The Relevant Issuer and/or the Relevant Guarantor shall procure that there shall at all times be one or 
more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Pricing Supplement and for so 
long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent 
is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Relevant Issuer and/or the Relevant 
Guarantor shall (with the prior written approval of the Taiwanese Trustee) appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
5 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, each Note that 
provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment 
Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. The outstanding

--- Page 120 ---
120 
nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) 
for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the 
Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Pricing Supplement, is its nominal amount) 
or, in the case of a Note falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(ii) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall 
be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(A) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Pricing Supplement, shall be such rate as 
would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they 
were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually (the 
“Amortised Face Amount”). 
(B) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (A) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before 
and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Pricing Supplement 
(iii) 
Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note 
(other than Zero Coupon Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 5(c) or Condition 5(d) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall 
be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall

--- Page 121 ---
121 
be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above) (together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor 
(as the case may be) satisfies the Taiwanese Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that 
the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as described under Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of the Kingdom of Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application of official or generally published 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Relevant 
Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes or the Downstream Guarantee or the 
Upstream Guarantee, as the case may be, then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this paragraph, the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) shall 
deliver to the Taiwanese Trustee a certificate signed by the applicable Authorised Signatories of the 
Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) stating that the obligation referred to in 
(i) above cannot be avoided by the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) taking 
reasonable measures available to it and the Taiwanese Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate 
as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in (ii) above in which event 
it shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Relevant Issuer: 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Relevant Issuer may, on giving not 
less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes 
on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise 
must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Relevant Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement), redeem all or, if so provided, 
some of the Notes at any time or from time to time (i) where no particular period during which Make-
Whole Redemption is applicable is specified, prior to their Maturity Date, or (ii) where Make-Whole 
Redemption is specified as only being applicable for a certain period, during such period, in each case 
on the date for redemption specified in such notice (the “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at the Make-
Whole Redemption Rate. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice of redemption is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall specify the nominal amount of Notes 
drawn and the holder(s) of such Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as 
the Issuer may determine and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d):

--- Page 122 ---
122 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Make-Whole Reference Bond specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement or, if the Make-Whole 
Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgment of the Reference 
Dealers, prevailing at 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the Yield Calculation Date or on such dealing day as 
determined by the Relevant Issuer quoted in writing to Relevant Guarantor, the Taiwanese Paying Agent 
and the Taiwanese Trustee by the Reference Dealers; 
“Make-Whole Reference Bond” means the Make-Whole Reference Bond specified in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Reference Dealers” means five brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers selected by the 
Relevant Issuer in consultation with the Relevant Guarantor, or such other five persons operating in the 
gilt-edged market as are selected by the Relevant Issuer in consultation with the Relevant Guarantor; 
“Yield Calculation Date” means the date which is the second Business Day prior to the date on which 
the notice to redeem is dispatched; and 
(e) 
Clean-up Call Option of the Relevant Issuer: 
If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, in the event that Notes 
representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage have been purchased 
or redeemed and cancelled by the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 
nor more than 40 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement), redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not 
some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
(f) 
Purchases: 
Each of the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor and any of their respective subsidiaries may at any 
time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(g) 
Cancellation: 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor or any of their 
respective subsidiaries shall be cancelled forthwith. Any Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged. 
6 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments of Principal and Interest: 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 6(a)(i) shall include final Instalment 
Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of the Notes shall be paid to the persons shown 
on the Register maintained by the TDCC at the close of business on the day immediately before the 
Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(a)(ii) shall include all Instalment Amounts other than 
final Instalment Amounts) on the Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of 
interest on each Note shall be made in the relevant currency by remittance to the holder of such Note at 
its account appearing in the Register.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(b) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, and (ii) notwithstanding the provisions of 
Condition 7, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents: 
The Taiwanese Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Relevant Issuer and 
the Relevant Guarantor, and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Taiwanese Paying 
Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The 
Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor each reserves the right at any time with the approval of the 
Taiwanese Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Taiwanese Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other paying agents, provided that the Relevant Issuer 
and the Relevant Guarantor shall at all times maintain (i) Taiwanese Paying Agent, (ii) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require and (iii) such other agents as may be required by 
any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in each case, as approved by the Taiwanese 
Trustee. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days: 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, 
in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Pricing Supplement 
and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may 
be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
7 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the 
case may be) in respect of the Notes or under the Downstream Guarantee or Upstream Guarantee (as the case 
may be) shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the 
Kingdom of Denmark or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) 
shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional

--- Page 124 ---
124 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of such holder having 
some connection with the Kingdom of Denmark other than the mere holding of the Note. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note means the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the 
date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, 
Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given 
in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
8 
Prescription 
Claims against the Relevant Issuer and/or the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) for payment in respect 
of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five 
years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
9 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Taiwanese Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, give notice to the Relevant Issuer and the 
Relevant Guarantor that the Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their Early 
Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with accrued interest: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) fails to pay any 
interest on, or any principal or premium in respect of, the Notes and such failure continues for a period 
of 14 days in respect of principal or interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor (as the case may be) fails 
in any material respect to perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the 
Notes or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Taiwanese 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Taiwanese Trustee remedied within 30 days (or 
such longer period as the Taiwanese Trustee may permit) after notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Guarantor by the Taiwanese Trustee; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 3) for or in respect 
of moneys borrowed or raised becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior 
to its stated maturity by reason of any event of default (howsoever described), or (ii) any such 
indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, or (iii) the 
Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect 
of, any moneys borrowed or raised unless any such right of acceleration or obligation referred to in this 
paragraph (c) (i), (ii) or (iii) is contested by the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor or any of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in good faith by appropriate and adequate 
provisions having been made and further provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant 
indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above

--- Page 125 ---
125 
in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or exceeds €25,000,000 or its equivalent (as reasonably 
determined by the Taiwanese Trustee); or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or 
sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; 
or 
(e) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created 
or assumed by the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor or any of their respective Material 
Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession 
or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator manager or other similar person) 
and, in any case, the value of the claim secured by any such mortgage, charge, lien or other encumbrance 
is equal to or exceeds (or if added to the value of any other claim falling to be taken into account under 
this paragraph (e) would equal or exceed) €25,000,000 or its equivalent (as reasonably determined by 
the Taiwanese Trustee); or 
(f) 
Insolvency: the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor or any of their respective Material 
Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay 
its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part of (or of a 
particular type of) its debts, proposes or makes any agreement for the deferral, rescheduling or other 
readjustment of all of (or all of a particular type of) its debts (or of any part which it will or might 
otherwise be unable to pay when due), proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a 
moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or of 
a particular type of) the debts of the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor or any of their respective 
Material Subsidiaries; or 
(g) 
Winding-up: an administrator is appointed, an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor or any of 
their respective Material Subsidiaries, or the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose 
of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms 
approved by the Taiwanese Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of 
the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the 
Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Relevant Issuer, the Relevant Guarantor 
or another of their respective Material Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs; or 
(i) 
Guarantee: the Downstream Guarantee or the Upstream Guarantee, as the context requires, is not (or is 
claimed by the Relevant Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (b), (d), (e) and (h) and, in relation to Material Subsidiaries only, (f) 
and (g), the Taiwanese Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
10 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting 
may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the 
business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of 
maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or 
any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect 
of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the 
basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the 
quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary 
Resolution in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing 
not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed). 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Pricing 
Supplement in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed: 
The Taiwanese Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to (i) any modification of any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed that in its opinion is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and 
any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed 
that is in the opinion of the Taiwanese Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and, if 
the Taiwanese Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Taiwanese Trustee to agree, subject to such 
amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Taiwanese Trustee may require and 
subject also to receipt of any necessary regulatory and listing approvals from any authorities in Taiwan, 
including but not limited to the Taipei Exchange, but without the consent of the Noteholders, to the 
substitution of certain other entities (a) in place of Ørsted Wind, its successor in business or of any 
previously substituted company in its capacity as Relevant Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Deed and the Notes (as the case may be, the “Substituted Debtor”), (b) in place of Ørsted, its successor 
in business or of any previously substituted company in its capacity as Relevant Issuer as principal debtor 
under the Trust Deed and the Notes (as the case may be, the “Substituted Debtor”) or (c) in place of 
Ørsted Wind, its successor in business or of any previously substituted company in its capacity as 
Relevant Guarantor, as guarantor under the Trust Deed and the Notes (the “Substituted Guarantor”) 
provided that (i) in the case of Ørsted Wind’s substitution as the Relevant Issuer (unless Ørsted Wind’s 
successor in business is the Substituted Debtor), such Substituted Debtor is a Subsidiary of Ørsted whose 
financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles to be fully consolidated with those of Ørsted, which shall be certified in writing by the 
applicable authorised signatories of the Substituted Debtor to the Taiwanese Trustee, which certificate 
shall be conclusive and binding; (ii) in the case of Ørsted’s substitution as the Relevant Issuer (unless 
Ørsted’s successor in business is the Substituted Debtor), the obligations of the Substituted Debtor under 
the Trust Deed and the Notes are guaranteed by Ørsted to the Taiwanese Trustee’s satisfaction and such 
other conditions as the Taiwanese Trustee may require; (iii) in the case of Ørsted Wind’s substitution as 
the Relevant Guarantor, such Substituted Guarantor is a Subsidiary of Ørsted whose financial statements 
at any time are required by law or in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be 
fully consolidated with those of Ørsted, which shall be certified in writing by the applicable authorised 
signatories of the Substituted Guarantor to the Taiwanese Trustee, which certificate shall be conclusive 
and binding; and (iv) in any of the foregoing cases, no payment in respect of the Notes is at the relevant 
time overdue. In the case of such a substitution the Taiwanese Trustee may agree, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes and/or the Trust Deed provided that such 
change would not in the opinion of the Taiwanese Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Taiwanese Trustee: 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Taiwanese Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and 
shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders and the Taiwanese 
Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the Relevant 
Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of 
any such exercise upon individual Noteholders. 
11 Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Taiwanese Trustee may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, institute such proceedings against the Relevant Issuer and/or the Relevant Guarantor as it may 
think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed and the Notes but it need not take any such proceedings unless 
(a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders 
holding at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Relevant 
Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor unless the Taiwanese Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do 
so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
12 Indemnification of the Taiwanese Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Taiwanese Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Taiwanese Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Relevant Issuer, the 
Relevant Guarantor and any entity related to the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor without accounting 
for any profit.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
13 Further Issues 
The Relevant Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further 
securities having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest on them) and, to the extent permitted by applicable authorities in Taiwan and subject to 
receipt of necessary regulatory and listing approvals from such authorities, including but not limited to the 
Taipei Exchange and the Taiwan Securities Association, such further issue shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with outstanding securities of any Series. References in these Conditions to the Notes include 
(unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a 
single series with the Notes. 
14 Notices 
So long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the Taipei Exchange, notices required to be given to 
the holders of Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be published by the Relevant Issuer on the website 
designated by the Taipei Exchange in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Taipei Exchange. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
15 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
16 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: 
Save as provided in the following sentence, the Downstream Guarantee, the Upstream Guarantee, the 
Notes, any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Clause 21 (Trustee as representative) of the Amended 
and Restated Trust Deed and Clause 20 (Trustee as representative) of the Supplemental Trust Deed are 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any 
Notes (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. Each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind has in the Trust 
Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process: 
Each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind has in the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed an agent in England to 
receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the text (save for the text in italics) of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in 
accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to each Series of the 
Subordinated Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each 
Series. The full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant Final Terms shall be endorsed on 
such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
References in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Subordinated Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. In the case of Exempt Notes issued under the Programme, references 
to the “Notes” and the “Final Terms” in this paragraph and in these Conditions shall be read and construed 
as references to the Exempt Notes and the Pricing Supplement, respectively.  
The Notes are constituted by an Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 4 March 2024 between, inter alios, 
Ørsted A/S (the “Issuer”) and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall 
include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders 
(as defined below) (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the 
“Trust Deed”). These terms and conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to 
below. An Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 4 March 2024 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between, inter alios, 
the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents 
named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the 
“Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the 
“Transfer Agents” (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during usual business hours at the 
principal office of the Trustee (presently at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) 
and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents provided that if any Agent is not able 
to make available for inspection at its specified office such documents by any event beyond its reasonable 
control, such Agent may provide such documents for inspection to any holder of a Note electronically upon 
request by any such Noteholder and upon the provision of evidence satisfactory to such Agent of such 
Noteholder’s holding in such Note with the relevant clearing system. 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) in bearer form and, where applicable in 
the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are entitled to the 
benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed 
to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued by the Issuer in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are 
specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) as specified hereon in each case in the 
Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes are 
issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Specified Denomination as 
the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
The Notes are Reset Rate Notes. Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached. Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, 
save as provided in Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by 
the same holder. 
The Notes are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any currency 
may be so specified, subject to compliance with all legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes shall pass 
by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”) or as specified hereon. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate 
representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating 
the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the 
bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as 
the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes: 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 
7(b)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be 
surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially 
in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part

--- Page 131 ---
131 
transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the 
detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations 
may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy 
of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of 
Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to 
reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case 
of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different 
terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same 
terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder 
of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding.  
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c) shall be available for delivery 
within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange or form of transfer and surrender of the 
Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the 
Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request 
for exchange, form of transfer and/or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder 
making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, 
form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to 
the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and 
pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such 
insurance as it may specify. In this Condition (d), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or 
Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge: 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer or exercise of an option or 
partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agents, but upon payment by the applicant of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the 
due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes 
may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(c), (iii) after any such 
Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) 
any Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)(ii)). An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption 
may, however, be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is 
simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
3 
Status and Subordination 
(a) 
Status: 
The Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The 
rights and claims of the Noteholders and Couponholders are subordinated as described in Condition 3(b). 
(b) 
Subordination of the Notes: 
The rights and claims of the Noteholders and the Couponholders against the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, 
rank (i) behind the claims of Senior Creditors, (ii) pari passu with the rights and claims of holders of 
Parity Securities and (iii) in priority only to the rights and claims of holders of all Issuer Shares. 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder or Couponholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-
off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising 
under or in connection with the Notes or the Coupons and each Noteholder and Couponholder shall, by 
virtue of their holding of any Note or Coupon, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, 
compensation or retention. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Issuer Shares” means Ordinary Shares and any other shares of any class of the Issuer (if any) ranking 
pari passu among themselves and pari passu with Ordinary Shares. 
“Ordinary Shares” means ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer.  
“Parity Securities” means in respect of the Issuer, any securities or obligations issued or owed by the 
Issuer (including guarantees or indemnities given by the Issuer in respect of securities or obligations 
owed by other persons) (which includes any Outstanding Hybrid Securities (as may be specified hereon)) 
which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Notes by their terms. 
“Senior Creditors” means in respect of the Issuer, all creditors of the Issuer, other than creditors whose 
claims are in respect of (i) the Notes and Coupons, (ii) Parity Securities, or (iii) Issuer Shares. 
4 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
General: 
Each Note bears interest at the Rate of Interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4. 
Subject to Condition 5, interest shall be payable on the Notes with respect to any Interest Period in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date, in each case as provided in this Condition 4 and as specified hereon.  
(b) 
Rate of Interest: 
Unless previously redeemed or repurchased and cancelled or substituted in accordance with these 
Conditions and subject to the further provisions of this Condition 4, the Notes shall bear interest on their 
outstanding nominal amount as follows: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, 
at the Initial Rate of Interest, each as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and

--- Page 133 ---
133 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
commencing on the first Interest Payment Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) following the 
Interest Commencement Date, subject to Condition 5, if applicable. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest: 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption or the date of substitution 
thereof in accordance with Condition 6(g) unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at 
the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8). 
(d) 
Margin, Step-Up Rate, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest or Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin and/or Step-Up Rate is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Period(s), in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with these Conditions (and specifically, with regards to (y) in accordance 
with the definitions of First Reset Rate of Interest and Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin and such Step-Up Rate, as applicable, subject always to Condition 4(d)(ii) below. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount, is specified hereon, then 
any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as 
the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the countries of such currency. 
(e) 
Calculations: 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, 
and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount is applicable to 
such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is 
required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for 
the period for which interest is required to be calculated.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
(f) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, Reset Interest 
Determination Date, or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, and Early Redemption Amount (each, a “Redemption Amount”), obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the relevant Redemption Amount(s) to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange 
or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification 
to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued 
interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be 
calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or 
the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The determination 
of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon 
all parties. 
(g) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser  
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 4(g)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Conditions 4(g)(iii) and 4(g)(iv) respectively). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(g) 
(i) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence 
of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made 
by it, pursuant to this Condition 4(g). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4(g)(ii) prior to the date which is 10 business days prior to the 
relevant Reset Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) applicable to the next succeeding Reset Period shall be equal to the last observable 
Original Reference Rate on the Relevant Screen Page as determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin, Step-Up 
Rate or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the 
Margin, the Step-Up Rate or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Reset 
Period or Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin, the Step-Up Rate or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest 
Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Reset Period only and any Subsequent Reset Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 4(g). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(g)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(g)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread  
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(g) and the Independent Adviser, determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or ( in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 4(g)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by the 
applicable Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 4(g)(v), the Trustee shall 
(at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed 
and/or the Agency Agreement), provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in 
the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it 
to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(g), the Calculation Agent or any Paying 
Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any 
changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 4(g) to which, in the sole opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(g)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
No Successor Rate or Alternative Rate if Ratings Event 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(g), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate will be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments 
be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to cause a reduction in or loss of the equity credit or shortening of equity credit (or 
such other nomenclature that a rating agency may then use to describe the degree to which an 
instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) for the Notes from a rating agency 
from whom the Issuer is assigned a Solicited Rating. 
(vi) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(g) will be notified promptly and in 
any event at least 10 Business Days prior to the next Reset Interest Determination Date by the 
Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 
16, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders, Trustee and the Agents of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by the 
applicable Authorised Signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(g); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such 
certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified 
in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ 
ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(g), if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the 
Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of 
action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 4(g), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, 
wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation 
or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not 
incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vii) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(g)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) (v) and 
(vi), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(a) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(viii) As used in this Condition 4(g): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4(g) (ii) is customarily applied in international 
debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(g)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in

--- Page 138 ---
138 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(5) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor 
to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(6) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-
paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public 
statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making 
such determination.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
4(g)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes 
(or, if applicable, any other Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or any component part thereof) 
determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant to the earlier application of Condition 4(g)). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(h) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Authorised Signatories” means any such persons who, acting jointly, have the power to bind the Issuer 
pursuant to the Issuer’s articles of association.  
“Benchmark Frequency” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Benchmark Gilt” means, in respect of a Reset Period, such United Kingdom government security 
customarily used at the time of selection in the pricing of new issues with a similar tenor having an actual 
or interpolated maturity date on or about the last day of such Reset Period as the Issuer (on the advice 
of an investment bank of international repute) may determine to be appropriate following any guidance 
published by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) at the relevant time (if any) and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities 
denominated in sterling. 
“Benchmark Gilt Quotations” means, with respect to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset Period, the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered yields (on a semi-annual compounding basis) for the Benchmark 
Gilt in respect of that Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, as quoted by such Reset Reference Bank 
on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following dealing day in London.  
“Benchmark Gilt Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the percentage rate (rounded, if necessary, 
to the third decimal place (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the basis of the Benchmark Gilt Quotations provided (upon request by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer) by the Reset Reference Banks to the Issuer and by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the Reset Interest Determination Date in respect of such 
Reset Period. If at least four quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three 
quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. 
If only one quotation is provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the quotation provided. If no 
quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than 
the Reset Period commencing on the First Reset Date, the Reset Rate in respect of the immediately 
preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Period commencing on the First Reset Date, 
the percentage rate specified in the applicable Final Terms as the “First Reset Period Fallback”.  
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro (a “T2 
Business Day”) and/or  
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such

--- Page 140 ---
140 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 x (M2 −M1)] + D2 − D1)
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 x (M2−M1)] + D2 − D1)
360
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 x (M2−M1)] + D2 − D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination

--- Page 142 ---
142 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, the 
Interest Payment Date. 
“Euro zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided, however, that 
if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
first (or only) Subsequent Reset Date or, if no such Subsequent Reset Date is specified hereon, the 
Maturity Date.  
“First Reset Period Fallback” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms.  
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date as the sum of (i) the relevant Reset Rate; plus (ii) the 
Margin, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; plus (iii) (if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) the relevant Step-Up Rate(s) (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis 
equivalent to the Benchmark Frequency to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the First Reset Period (such calculation to be made 
by the Calculation Agent)). 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and unless otherwise specified hereon shall mean the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date, or such other date as may be specified hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling 
two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified hereon. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date, unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Margin(s)” means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to a Reset 
Interest Determination Date and subject to Condition 4(g), the rate for swaps in the Specified Currency:  
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period;  
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date; and  
(iii) 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (or, if such rate with such frequency of 
payments is not displayed on the Relevant Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate Time, the rate 
with the next closest frequency of payments converted in accordance with market convention to 
a rate with the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes),  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, at or around the Reset Rate Time on such Reset Interest 
Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Subject to the operation of Condition 4(g), in the event that the relevant Mid-Swap Rate does not appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date (but is at other times 
generally displayed on the Relevant Screen Page), the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate on such Reset Interest Determination Date. 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Rate Quotations” means, in relation to any Reset Period, the arithmetic mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the annual fixed leg (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap in the Specified Currency which (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period, (ii) is in an 
amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (each as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Minimum Percentage” means the percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount of that 
particular Series of Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Notes which have been 
consolidated and form a single Series therewith) specified as such hereon.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon.  
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other page, section or other 
part as may replace it on the relevant information service or such other information service, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) comparable to the Reset Rate. 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date and/or each Subsequent Reset Date as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Reset Interest Determination Date” means with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business 
Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period and/or each Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be 
or if there is no such succeeding Subsequent Reset Date, the Maturity Date. 
“Reset Rate” means (a) if “Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate; or (b) if “Benchmark Gilt Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Benchmark Gilt Rate.  
“Reset Rate Time” the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means the percentage rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
basis of, if “Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Mid-Swap Rate Quotations 
provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Issuer who will then notify the Calculation Agent of such 
quotations at approximately the Reset Rate Time in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date.  
If (a) at least three quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of the arithmetic mean (or, if only three quotations are provided, the 
median) of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality one of 
the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest); if fewer than 3 
quotations are provided, and if the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) has 
published a fallback provision for the determination of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate Quotation at the 
relevant time, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reset Reference Bank Rate on the basis of such 
fallback provision. If ISDA has not published such a fallback provision at the relevant time, the following 
shall apply: if only two quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will 
be the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the applicable Reset Reference Bank Rate shall 
be equal to the last observable mid-swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency, having a 
term equal to the relevant Reset Period, which is displayed on the Relevant Screen Page, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
“Reset Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Rate where 
“Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, five leading swap dealers in the interbank 
market relating to the Specified Currency; or (ii) in the case of a Benchmark Gilt Rate, five brokers of 
gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers, in each case, as selected by the Issuer.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
“Step-Up Date(s)” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Step-Up Rate(s)” means the step-up rate(s) (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms that 
apply from, and including, a Step-Up Date to but excluding, the next specified Step-Up Date. 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided, however, that if the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the first (or only) Subsequent Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) or, if there is no such 
succeeding Subsequent Reset Date, the Maturity Date, and if applicable, each successive period from 
(and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date 
or, if there is no such Subsequent Reset Date, the Maturity Date. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date as 
the sum of (i) the relevant Reset Rate; plus (ii) the Margin, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; plus 
(iii) (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) the relevant Step-Up Rate(s) (with such 
sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Frequency to a basis equivalent 
to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to 
the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply 
with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) appoint a 
leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over the counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any 
other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
5 
Optional Interest Deferral 
(a) 
Deferral of Interest Payments: 
The Issuer may, subject as provided in Condition 5(b) and 5(c) below, elect in its sole discretion to defer 
(in whole or in part) any interest payment that is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment 
Date in accordance with these Conditions by giving notice (an “Optional Deferral Notice”) of such

--- Page 146 ---
146 
election to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 and the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and 
the Paying Agents not less than 16 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Each such 
interest payment that is not due and payable in accordance with this Condition 5 due to an election so 
made by the Issuer shall be referred to as a “Deferred Payment”. If the Issuer elects not to pay accrued 
interest on an Interest Payment Date in accordance with this Condition 5, it will not have any obligation 
to pay interest on such Interest Payment Date.  
If any interest payment is deferred pursuant to this Condition 5(a) then such Deferred Payment shall 
itself bear interest (such further interest, together with the Deferred Payment, “Outstanding 
Payments”), at the then current Rate of Interest on the Notes applicable from time to time, from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date on which such Deferred Payment would otherwise than by reason 
of the operation of this Condition 5 have been due to (but excluding) the date on which such Deferred 
Payment is satisfied in accordance with Condition 5 or cancelled in accordance with the second sentence 
of Condition 6(a). 
Non-payment of any interest deferred by the giving of any Optional Deferral Notice in respect thereof 
shall not constitute a Default (as defined in Condition 10) or otherwise constitute a default of the Issuer 
or any other breach of its obligations under the Notes or for any other purpose or be subject to 
enforcement (in accordance with Condition 10) until such time as such interest shall have become due 
under this Condition 5 and remain unpaid. 
(b) 
Optional Settlement of Outstanding Payments: 
The Issuer will be entitled to pay Outstanding Payments, (in whole or in part), at any time by giving 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 and the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and 
the Paying Agents, not less than 16 Business Days prior to the date fixed by the Issuer for such payment 
(the “Optional Settlement Date”) which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the amount of 
Outstanding Payments to be paid, and (ii) the Optional Settlement Date. Upon such notice being given, 
the amount of Outstanding Payments specified in the relevant notice will become due and payable on 
the Optional Settlement Date, and the Issuer shall pay such amount of Outstanding Payments on the 
specified Optional Settlement Date.  
(c) 
Mandatory Settlement of Outstanding Payments:  
The Issuer must pay all Outstanding Payments (in whole but not in part) then outstanding on any 
Mandatory Settlement Date.  
As used in this Condition 5(c): 
“Compulsory Payment Event” means any of the following events: 
(i) 
the shareholders of the Issuer have resolved at a general meeting on the proposal by, or with the 
consent of, the Board of Directors of the Issuer to pay or distribute a dividend or make a payment 
on any Issuer Shares, other than a dividend, distribution or payment which is made in the form 
of any Issuer Shares; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries pays any dividend, other distribution or other payment in 
respect of any Parity Securities (other than a dividend, distribution or payment which is made in 
the form of any Issuer Shares); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries redeems, repurchases or otherwise acquires any Issuer Shares 
or any Parity Securities;

--- Page 147 ---
147 
provided that, in the cases of (ii) and (iii) above, no Compulsory Payment Event shall be deemed to 
occur if: 
(i) 
the Issuer or the relevant subsidiary is obliged under the terms and conditions of such Parity 
Securities to make such payment, such redemption, such repurchase or such other acquisition; 
(ii) 
the Issuer or the relevant subsidiary repurchases or otherwise acquires (in each case directly or 
indirectly) the Issuer Shares pursuant to its obligations under any existing buy-back programme, 
share option or free share allocation plan or any employee benefit plans or similar arrangements 
with or for the benefit of employees, officers, directors or consultants; 
(iii) 
the Issuer or the relevant subsidiary repurchases or otherwise acquires any Parity Securities where 
such repurchase or acquisition is effected as a public cash tender offer or public exchange offer 
at a purchase price per security which is below its par value; or 
(iv) 
as a result of the exchange or conversion of one class of Issuer Shares for another class. 
“Mandatory Settlement Date” means the earliest of:  
(i) 
the date falling 10 Business Days after the date on which a Compulsory Payment Event has 
occurred; 
(ii) 
the date, other than the Maturity Date, on which the Notes fall due for redemption in accordance 
with Conditions 6(b), (c), (d), (e) or (f);  
(iii) 
the date on which the notice referred to in Condition 6(g) expires and a variation of the terms of 
or, as the case may be, a substitution of the Notes in accordance with Condition 6(g) takes effect; 
(iv) 
the next scheduled Interest Payment Date if the Issuer pays interest on the Notes on such date; 
and 
(v) 
the date on which an order is made for the bankruptcy (konkurs), winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer (other than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent, where the continuing entity assumes substantially 
all of the assets and obligations of the Issuer).  
6 
Redemption, Substitution, Variation, Purchase and Options 
The Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Issuer other than in accordance with this Condition 6. 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity Date: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled or (pursuant to Condition 6(g)) substituted as 
provided in these Conditions, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon 
at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal amount), 
together with accrued interest in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date.  
Any Outstanding Payments shall automatically be cancelled on the Maturity Date.  
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving 
not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, if, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Kingdom 
of Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any

--- Page 148 ---
148 
change in the application of official or generally published interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the 
Notes:  
(i) 
the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice: 
(a) 
that it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under Condition 
8, and in which case the Issuer will be entitled to redeem each Note at its principal amount 
(together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any 
Outstanding Payments); or  
(b) 
the Issuer’s treatment of items of expense with respect to the Notes as deductible interest 
expense for Danish tax purposes as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated 
returns) filed (or to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which 
subjects the Issuer to more than a de minimis amount of additional taxes, duties or 
governmental charges, in which case the Issuer will be entitled to redeem the Notes 
(provided, however, that the entering into force of Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 
14 December 2022 on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational 
enterprise groups and large-scale domestic groups in the Union (Council Directive (EU) 
2022/2523) and the entering into force of any provision of Danish law transposing or 
implementing such Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 shall not constitute a Tax Event 
pursuant to this limb (b)(i)(b)) (i) at their Early Redemption Amount (together with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any Outstanding 
Payments) where such redemption occurs before the First Call Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (ii) at their principal amount (together with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any Outstanding Payments) where such 
redemption occurs on or after the First Call Date specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
(each, a “Tax Event”), and 
(ii) 
such Tax Event cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts (in the case of 
Condition 6(b)(i)(a)) or additional taxes, duties or governmental charges (in the case of Condition 
6(b)(i)(b)) were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Before the publication of any notice 
of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(b), the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee (X) a 
certificate signed by the applicable Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the obligation 
referred to in Condition 6(b)(i)(a) or Condition 6(b)(i)(b) as applicable above cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept 
such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in 
Condition 6(b)(ii) above in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (Y) an opinion from a nationally recognised law firm or other nationally 
recognised tax adviser in the relevant taxing jurisdiction experienced in such matters to the effect 
that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to such right of redemption applies.  
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified hereon, unless the redemption provisions contained in 
Condition 6(b), 6(d) or 6(e) have been exercised, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more 
than 40 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
hereon) in accordance with Condition 16, redeem all or, if so provided, some only of the Notes on any

--- Page 149 ---
149 
date prior to the First Call Date (as specified hereon) (any such date, a “Make-Whole Redemption 
Date”) as specified in the notice at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 of the Make-Whole Redemption Amount as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the Issuer is notified of such by the Quotation Agent on the Make-Whole 
Calculation Date.  
If some only is specified as applicable hereon in respect of a Make-Whole Redemption, the notice to 
Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered 
Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered 
Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Issuer may determine and in 
such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange 
or other relevant authority requirements. 
If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) in 
accordance with Condition 16, redeem all but not some only of the Notes on any date during the period 
commencing on (and including) the First Call Date (as specified hereon) to (and including) the First 
Reset Date or on any date in the 90 day period ending on (and including) any Interest Payment Date 
thereafter (each an “Optional Redemption Date”) as specified in the notice at their principal amount 
(together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date and any 
Outstanding Payments).  
(d) 
Redemption for Accounting Reasons: 
If Accounting Event is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 
days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) in 
accordance with Condition 16, redeem all but not some only of the Notes (i) at their Early Redemption 
Amount (together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any 
Outstanding Payments) where such redemption occurs before the First Call Date and (ii) at their principal 
amount (together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any 
Outstanding Payments) where such redemption occurs on or after the First Call Date, in either case, if a 
recognised accountancy firm satisfactory to the Trustee, acting upon instructions of the Issuer (and at 
the Issuer’s expense) has delivered an opinion to the Trustee (upon which the Trustee shall be entitled to 
rely on without liability), stating that as a result of a change in accounting principles (or the application 
thereof) since the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes may not or may no longer be predominately recorded as “equity” in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer pursuant to International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) or any other 
accounting standards that may replace IFRS for the purposes of preparing the annual consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer (an “Accounting Event”).  
(e) 
Redemption for a Ratings Event: 
If Ratings Event is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) in 
accordance with Condition 16, redeem all but not some only of the Notes (i) at their Early Redemption 
Amount (together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any 
Outstanding Payments) where such redemption occurs before the First Call Date and (ii) at their principal 
amount (together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any 
Outstanding Payments) where such redemption occurs on or after the First Call Date, if:

--- Page 150 ---
150 
(i) 
(I)(x) any rating agency from whom the Issuer is assigned a Solicited Rating publishes an 
amendment, clarification or change in hybrid capital methodology which becomes effective on 
or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, as a result of which change the Notes 
would no longer be eligible (or if the Notes have been partially or fully re-financed since the Issue 
Date and are no longer eligible for equity credit in part or in full as a result, the Notes would no 
longer have been eligible as a result of such amendment, clarification, change in criteria or change 
in the interpretation had they not been re-financed), for the same or a higher category of “equity 
credit” or such similar nomenclature as may be used by that rating agency from time to time to 
describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share, 
attributed to the Notes at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes or at any later date on 
which the Notes were attributed a higher category of “equity credit” compared to the category of 
“equity credit” attributed to them on the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes (a “Loss in 
Equity Credit”), or (y) the period of time the Notes are eligible for the same or a higher category 
of “equity credit” attributed to the Notes at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes (or the 
date when the “equity credit” is assigned for the first time by such rating agency, as the case may 
be) is being shortened (a “Shortening in Equity Credit”), or (II) the Issuer has received on or 
after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, and has provided the Trustee with a copy of, 
a written confirmation or publication from any rating agency from which the Issuer is assigned a 
Solicited Rating that due to an amendment, clarification or change in hybrid capital methodology, 
a Loss in Equity Credit and/or Shortening in Equity Credit has occurred (a “Ratings Event”); 
and 
(ii) 
the Issuer has given notice of such Ratings Event to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 prior to giving the notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(e).  
In this Condition 6(e),  
“Solicited Rating” means a rating assigned by a rating agency with whom the Issuer has a contractual 
relationship under which the Notes are assigned a rating and an equity credit. 
(f) 
Clean-up Call Option of the Issuer: 
If Clean-up Call Option is specified hereon, in the event that Notes representing an aggregate amount 
equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled by the 
Issuer, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) in accordance 
with Condition 16, redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining 
Notes in that Series at their principal amount (together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption and any Outstanding Payments).  
(g) 
Substitution or Variation: 
If Substitution and Variation is specified hereon, and a Ratings Event, a Tax Event or an Accounting 
Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to Condition 10 (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) and subject to its having satisfied the Trustee 
immediately prior to the giving of any notice referred to herein that the provisions of this Condition 6(g) 
and Condition 6(h) have been complied with, and having given not less than 10 nor more than 40 days’ 
notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 16, the Noteholders, at any time either (i) substitute all, but not some only, of the Notes 
for, or (ii) vary the terms of the Notes with the effect that they remain or become, as the case may be, 
Qualifying Notes, and the Trustee shall (subject to the following provisions of this Condition 6(g) and

--- Page 151 ---
151 
subject to the receipt by it of the certificate signed by the applicable Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
referred to in Condition 6(h) below) agree to such substitution or variation. 
Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or, as the case may be, substitute the 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(g). 
In connection therewith, any accrued but unpaid Outstanding Payments will be satisfied in full in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(b). 
The Trustee shall enter into such documents, agree such variations and do such things as shall be 
necessary to give effect to the substitution of the Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the Notes so 
that they remain, or as the case may be, become, Qualifying Notes, provided that the Trustee shall not 
be obliged to participate in, or assist with, any such substitution or variation if the terms of the proposed 
Qualifying Notes, or the participation in or assistance with such substitution or variation, would impose, 
in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it 
in these Conditions and/or any document to which it is a party (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any supplemental trust deed) in any way. If the Trustee does not participate or assist as provided above, 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes as provided in Condition 6. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 6(g), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading. 
Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions shall not be permitted if, 
immediately following any such substitution or variation, a Special Event is occurring with respect to 
the Notes or the Qualifying Notes. 
(h) 
Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Substitution and Variation: 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6 (other than redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(c)) or any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(g), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by the applicable Authorised Signatories of the 
Issuer stating that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem, substitute 
or vary is satisfied, and where the relevant Special Event requires measures reasonably available to the 
Issuer to be taken, the relevant Special Event cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such measures. In 
relation to a substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 6(g), such certificate shall also include further 
certifications that the terms of the Qualifying Notes are not materially less favourable to Noteholders 
than the terms of the Notes, that such determination was reached by the Issuer in consultation with an 
independent investment bank or counsel and that the criteria specified in paragraphs (a) to (h) of the 
definition of Qualifying Notes will be satisfied by the Qualifying Notes upon issue. The Trustee shall be 
entitled to accept and rely upon such certificate (without any further inquiry or any liability) as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in such paragraphs, in which event it shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Any redemption of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6 (with the exception of a redemption 
on the Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 6(a)) or any substitution or variation of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 6(g) shall be conditional on all accrued but unpaid Outstanding Payment 
being paid in full in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(a) on or prior to the date of such 
redemption, substitution or, as the case may be, variation, together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
up to (but excluding) such redemption, substitution or, as the case may be, variation date.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether any Special Event or any event which could lead 
to the occurrence of, or could constitute, any such Special Event has occurred and, until it shall have 
actual knowledge or express notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume 
that no such Special Event or such other event has occurred. 
(i) 
Notice of Redemption: 
All Notes in respect of which any notice of redemption is given under this Condition 6 shall be redeemed 
on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6. 
(j) 
Purchases: 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the 
open market or otherwise at any price.  
(k) 
Cancellation: 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, or any of its subsidiaries may be surrendered for 
cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
In this Condition 6: 
“Benchmark Rate” means the amount displayed on the Reference Screen Page or, if there is no rate 
available on the Reference Screen page, the average of the four quotations given by Reference Dealers 
on the Business Day immediately preceding the Make-Whole Calculation Date at market close of the 
mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security. If the Reference Security is no longer 
outstanding or the Reference Screen Rate does not quote the yield on the Reference Security, a Similar 
Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent on the Business Day immediately preceding the Make-
Whole Calculation Date and notified to the Calculation Agent. The Benchmark Rate (and the reference 
of the Similar Security, if applicable) will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16.  
“Early Redemption Amount” means such amount as specified hereon. 
“First Call Date” means a date as specified hereon. 
“Make-Whole Calculation Date” means the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means  
the sum of: 
(a) 
the greater of (x) the principal amount of the Notes to be so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then 
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes to 
the First Call Date specified in the relevant Final Terms (exclusive of any interest accrued but not 
paid on the Notes since the last Interest Payment Date and any Outstanding Payments) discounted 
to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of

--- Page 153 ---
153 
days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate; and 
(b) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes (including any Outstanding Payments) to (but 
excluding) the Make-Whole Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and so notified on the Make-Whole Calculation Date by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer and the Trustee.   
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” means the amount (if any) as specified hereon. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means the Benchmark Rate plus the Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin. 
“Qualifying Notes” means securities that contain terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders 
than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer (in consultation with an independent 
investment bank or counsel of international standing)) and provided that a certification to such effect 
(and confirming that the conditions set out in (a) to (h) below have been satisfied) of the applicable 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Trustee prior to the substitution or 
variation of the Notes (upon which certificate the Trustee shall rely absolutely), provided that: 
(a) 
they shall be issued by the Issuer, or any wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of 
the Issuer; and 
(b) 
they shall rank pari passu on a winding-up or administration (in circumstances where the 
administrator has given notice of its intention to declare and distribute a dividend) of the Issuer 
with the Notes; and 
(c) 
they shall contain terms which provide for the same Rate of Interest from time to time applying 
to the Notes and preserve the same Interest Payment Dates; and 
(d) 
they shall preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any 
right) of the Issuer as to redemption of the Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of, 
and amounts payable upon, such redemption; and 
(e) 
they shall not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or 
conversion to ordinary shares; and 
(f) 
they shall otherwise contain substantially identical terms (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) 
to the Notes save where (without prejudice to the requirement that the terms are not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the Notes as described above) any 
modifications to such terms are required to be made to avoid the occurrence or effect of a Ratings 
Event, a Tax Event or, as the case may be, an Accounting Event; and 
(g) 
they shall be (i) listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market or (ii) listed on such other stock 
exchange as is a Recognised Stock Exchange at that time as selected by the Issuer; and  
(h) 
they shall, immediately after such substitution or variation, be assigned at least the same credit 
rating(s) by the same Rating Agencies as may have been assigned to the Notes by way of Solicited 
Rating immediately prior to such substitution or variation. 
“Quotation Agent” means an agent, being an independent financial institution of international repute, 
to be appointed by the Issuer if required for the determination of the Make-Whole Redemption Amount.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
“Rating Agencies” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody’s France S.A.S. and Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited.  
“Recognised Stock Exchange” means a recognised stock exchange as defined in section 1005 of the 
Income Tax Act 2007, as the same may be amended from time to time and any provision, statute or 
statutory instrument replacing the same from time to time. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected from time to time by the Quotation Agent, 
at its sole discretion, which are primary European government security dealers or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Reference Security” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms or, if the Reference Security is no 
longer outstanding, a Similar Security to be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the 
Make-Whole Calculation Date, with the title and ISIN of such Similar Security to be notified by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as practicable after the identity of 
such Similar Security is notified to it by the Quotation Agent on the Make-Whole Calculation Date. 
“Remaining Term” means the period from (and including) the Make-Whole Redemption Date to (but 
excluding) the First Call Date. 
“Similar Security” means a government security or government securities having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the Remaining Term.  
“Special Event” means any of a Ratings Event, a Tax Event, an Accounting Event or a Clean-up Call 
Option of the Issuer. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: 
Subject to Condition 4, payments in respect of the Bearer Notes shall, be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, 
as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 
7(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a 
cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for 
such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at 
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made 
by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, and (ii) notwithstanding the provisions of 
Condition 8, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof (“FATCA”), or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation 
Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the 
Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, 
the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying 
Agent , (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered 
Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require and (v) such other agents 
as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in each case, as 
approved by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes, such Notes should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to 
the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal 
so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount or

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the 
Kingdom of Denmark or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such

--- Page 157 ---
157 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of their having some 
connection with the Kingdom of Denmark other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for 
payment on the thirtieth day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days 
after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that upon further presentation of the Note (or relative 
Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be 
deemed to include Early Redemption Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any Outstanding Payments (subject to the application of Conditions 5 and 6(a)), all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
“principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under 
this Condition or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made in accordance with Condition 7 within 10 
years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them.  
10 Default and Enforcement 
(a) 
Default and Liquidation: Subject to Condition 5(a), if the Issuer fails to pay interest on any of the Notes 
when due (a “Default”), the Trustee at its discretion may, and if so instructed by Noteholders holding 
not less than one-fifth in nominal amount of the outstanding Notes then outstanding or if so directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution shall, subject in each case to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction, by written notice addressed to the Issuer, take such steps or actions or 
institute proceedings to obtain payment of the amounts due or take such steps or actions or institute 
proceedings in the Kingdom of Denmark (but not elsewhere) for the bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer. 
On a bankruptcy of the Issuer, each Note shall entitle the holder thereof to claim for an amount equal to 
the principal amount of such Subordinate Note plus all accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the then 
current Interest Period and Outstanding Payments, if any, subject to Condition 3. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, no amount in respect of the Notes or the Coupons shall, as a result of any proceedings 
instituted under this Condition 10(a), be or become payable sooner than the same would otherwise have 
been payable by the Issuer had no such proceedings been instituted. 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: Subject to Condition 5(a), the Trustee may at its discretion institute such 
steps, actions or proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, 
undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed (other 
than as provided in Condition 10(a)); provided that:

--- Page 158 ---
158 
(i) 
the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such steps, actions or proceedings be obliged 
to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it; and 
(ii) 
the Trustee shall not be obligated to take any steps or actions or to institute proceedings unless it 
has been directed or requested to do so and indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction as described under Condition 10(a). 
The proviso to this Condition 10(b) shall not apply to amounts due to the Trustee in its personal capacity 
under the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Other Remedies and Rights of Noteholders: No remedy against the Issuer, other than the institution of 
the proceedings or the taking of steps or actions by the Trustee referred to in Conditions 10(a) and 10(b) 
or the proving or claiming in any liquidation, bankruptcy or dissolution of the Issuer, shall be available 
to the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders whether for the recovery of amounts owing in 
respect of the Notes or the Coupons or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any other obligation, 
condition, undertaking or provision binding on it under the Note, the Coupons or the Trust Deed, 
provided that the proviso to Condition 10(b) shall apply to this Condition 10(c) and includes reference 
to proving or claiming in the liquidation, bankruptcy or dissolution of the Issuer. No Noteholder or 
Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to 
proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
11 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting 
may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the 
business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of 
maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date on which interest is payable in respect of the Notes, (ii) 
to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of the Notes, to 
reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes, (iii) to vary the method or basis of calculating 
the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the 
Notes, (iv) if a Minimum / Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce 
any such Minimum / Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount, (v) if a Redemption Amount is 
shown hereon, to vary any method of, or basis for calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, 
(vii) to modify the provisions of Condition 3 or (viii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution in 
which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 
per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders 
(whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all 
Couponholders.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
These Conditions may be completed in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of the relevant Final 
Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed: 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification 
of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that in its opinion is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust 
Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders 
as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Substitution: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the 
Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of certain other entities in place of the Issuer, its 
successor in business or of any previously substituted company as principal debtor under the Trust Deed 
and the Notes (the “Substituted Debtor”) provided that (unless the Issuer’s successor in business is 
the Substituted Debtor), the obligations of the Substituted Debtor under the Trust Deed, the Notes and 
the Coupons are guaranteed by the Issuer to the Trustee’s satisfaction and such other conditions as the 
Trustee may require and no payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or Talons relating to them 
is at the relevant time overdue. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the 
Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the opinion of the 
Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.  
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and shall not have 
regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee 
shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
12 Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable and subject to Condition 10, the Trustee may, at its 
discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce 
the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes, and the Coupons, but it need not take any such proceedings unless (a) it 
shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding 
at least one fifth in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such 
failure is continuing. 
13 Indemnification of the Trustee

--- Page 160 ---
160 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility. 
The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity related to the Issuer 
without accounting for any profit. 
14 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the 
Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may 
from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the 
case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
15 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single 
series with outstanding securities of any Series. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the 
context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series 
with the Notes.  
16 Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being 
a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading on an exchange, notices required to be given to the holders of such Notes pursuant to the Conditions 
shall also be published (if such publication is required) in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading. In the case 
of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices required to be given to the holders of the Notes 
pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort). If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be 
validly given if published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
17 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999

--- Page 161 ---
161 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
18 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: 
Save as provided in the following sentence, the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 3 of the Notes and Clauses 6 (Subordination) and 
21 (Trustee as representative) of the Trust Deed are governed by and shall be construed in accordance 
with the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The 
Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process: 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed an agent in England to receive, for it and on its 
behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. 
The following does not form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming any legal or contractual obligation whatsoever) that it will only 
redeem or repurchase the Notes to the extent that the equity credit of the Notes to be redeemed or repurchased 
does not exceed the equity credit resulting from the sale or issuance prior to the date of such redemption or 
repurchase by the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer of replacement securities to third party purchasers 
(other than subsidiaries of the Issuer). 
The foregoing shall not apply if: 
(a) 
the issuer rating (or such equivalent nomenclature then used by S&P) assigned by S&P to the Issuer 
is at least equal to the rating on the date of the last additional hybrid issuance (excluding 
refinancing) and the Issuer is comfortable that such rating would not fall below this level as a result 
of such redemption or repurchase; or  
(b) 
the “stand-alone credit profile” (or such equivalent nomenclature then used by S&P) assigned by 
S&P to the Issuer is at least equal to the stand-alone credit profile on the date of the last additional 
hybrid issuance (excluding refinancing) and the Issuer is of the view that such “stand-alone credit 
profile” would not fall below this level as a result of such redemption or repurchase; or 
(c) 
the Notes are not assigned any equity credit as hybrid securities (or such similar nomenclature then 
used by S&P) at the time of such redemption or repurchase; or 
(d) 
the Notes are (x) redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 6(d) 
(Redemption for Accounting Reasons), 6(e) (Redemption for a Ratings Event) or 6(f) (Clean-up

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Call Option of the Issuer) or (y) cease, or are deemed to have ceased to be, outstanding following 
a substitution or variation in accordance with Condition 6(g); or 
(e) 
less than (x) 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of hybrid capital outstanding is 
repurchased or redeemed in any period of 12 consecutive months or (y) 25 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of hybrid capital outstanding is repurchased or redeemed in any period of 10 
consecutive years; or 
(f) 
the relevant repurchase pursuant to Condition 6(j) (Purchase) has followed an injection of common 
equity or other instruments which are granted on issuance high equity content in the Issuer’s capital 
structure where the amount of such injection is equal to or more than the amount of equity credit 
assigned by S&P to the Notes being repurchased at the time of their issuance; or 
(g) 
in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase would cause the Issuer’s outstanding hybrid capital 
which is assigned equity credit by S&P to be reduced to the maximum aggregate principal amount 
of hybrid capital which S&P, under its then prevailing methodology, would assign equity credit to 
based on the Issuer’s adjusted total capitalisation; or 
(h) 
such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after the date specified under the item headed 
Replacement Intention in Part B of the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of the foregoing, “equity credit” (or such similar nomenclature then used by S&P) describes:  
(i) 
the part of the nominal amount of the Notes that was assigned equity credit by S&P at the time of their 
issuance; and  
(ii) 
the part of the net proceeds received from issuance of replacement securities that was assigned equity 
credit by S&P at the time of their sale or issuance (or the equity credit S&P has confirmed will be 
assigned by it upon expiry or waiver of issuer call rights which prevent the assignment of equity credit 
by S&P on the issue date of such replacement securities).

--- Page 163 ---
163 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be used by the Relevant Issuer: (i) for 
general corporate purposes of the Relevant Issuer; or (ii) if, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is 
a particular identified use of proceeds, for a purpose that will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be), the Relevant 
Issuer will apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of Notes exclusively to finance, in whole 
or in part, Eligible Projects (as defined below) (such issuance of Notes, “Green Bonds”). 
Green Finance Framework  
Ørsted has published a green finance framework dated May 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise 
updated 
from 
time 
to 
time, 
the 
“Green 
Finance 
Framework”) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://orsted.com/en/investors/debt/green-financing.   
The Green Finance Framework is aligned with the 2021 Green Bond Principles published by the International 
Capital Market Association (the “ICMA Green Bond Principles”) and follows the four core components and 
key recommendations of the ICMA Green Bond Principles, which are: Use of Proceeds, Process for Project 
Evaluation and Selection, Management of Proceeds and Reporting.  
Green Bond Use of Proceeds  
An amount equal to the net proceeds raised from green financing (such as an issuance of Green Bonds) in 
accordance with the Group’s Green Finance Framework will be allocated for the financing of a pool of Eligible 
Projects.  
When allocating new green financing, proceeds may be allocated to projects under construction or projects 
taken into operation up to twelve months prior to approval of allocation for green financing by the Ørsted 
Sustainability Committee. Eligible Projects may be subject to financing from several and various types of green 
financing. Allocated proceeds from green financing cannot exceed 100 per cent. of Ørsted’s share of total project 
investments relating to an Eligible Project.  
“Eligible Projects” is defined in Ørsted’s Green Finance Framework as any offshore wind power project, 
onshore wind power project, or solar PV project; in each case including any integrated power storage 
component, owned in whole or in part by Ørsted (including any member of the Ørsted group), thereby 
promoting the transition to a low carbon and climate resilient energy system and a sustainable economy. 
For a project to be an Eligible Project under the Green Finance Framework, investment activities must be related 
to development, construction, or installation of offshore wind, onshore wind, or solar PV facilities, including 
any integrated power storage units. Specifically, investments can be related to wind turbines, blades, solar 
panels, foundations, cables, transformers, transmission assets, engineering, and any other element being part of 
the completion of an offshore wind, onshore wind, or solar PV project. 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
Eligible Projects to be financed with proceeds from Ørsted’s green financing (such as Green Bonds) will be 
evaluated, selected, and prioritised by the Sustainability department in cooperation with the Treasury 
department at Ørsted. Prioritised projects will, on an annual basis, be presented to Ørsted’s Sustainability 
Committee for final approval of allocation of green financing proceeds. Proceeds from financing arrangements

--- Page 164 ---
164 
put in place for the purpose of financing specific projects eligible in accordance with Ørsted’s Green Finance 
Framework will be allocated to such projects. 
Ørsted’s Sustainability Committee is chaired by Ørsted’s Group Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”). It consists 
of representatives from Ørsted’s Sustainability, quality, health, safety & environment (“QHSE”), People & 
Development, Accounting, and Investor Relations departments. The Internal Audit department has an observer 
seat. 
Proceeds from green financing (such as Green Bonds) will be used exclusively for projects that meet the criteria, 
and that are evaluated to deliver long-term net-positive environmental effects. 
Management of proceeds 
The net proceeds from any green financing (such as Green Bonds) will be managed by the Treasury department 
in Ørsted. Such net proceeds will be credited to a separate account in Ørsted’s books (the “Green Account”) 
for the purpose of supporting and documenting Ørsted’s green financing of Eligible Projects. In full or in part 
and on an annual basis, green financing proceeds accredited to the Green Account will be allocated from the 
Green Account to Ørsted’s green project portfolio in respect of financing Eligible Projects as approved by 
Ørsted’s Sustainability Committee. 
Any net proceeds from Ørsted’s green financing not allocated to Eligible Projects and therefore comprising the 
balance of the Green Account will be included in Ørsted’s liquidity reserve and managed in accordance with 
Ørsted’s cash management policies and investment mandates. Ørsted will endeavour to maintain a stable pool 
of Eligible Projects, but may, at any time and subject to its own discretion, reallocate green financing to other 
Eligible Projects due to for example, specific financing obtained for projects that have previously been allocated 
green financing, or other. If, for any reason, a financed Eligible Project no longer meets the eligibility criteria, 
it will be removed from the green project portfolio with reallocation of previously allocated proceeds to other 
projects that meet the eligibility criteria. 
Reporting and transparency 
Pursuant to Ørsted’s Green Finance Framework, Ørsted will publish an annual report to investors, specifying 
the allocation of proceeds of any green financing (including Green Bonds) and the targeted impact of the 
Eligible Projects financed with green financing in the green bond impact report. The report will be made 
publicly available on Ørsted’s website at: https://orsted.com/en/investors/debt/green-financing. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this report is neither incorporated into, nor forms part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The reporting comprises: 
Allocation reporting 
 
List of green financing and allocated amounts. 
 
A list of the Eligible Projects financed, including project descriptions and allocated amounts. 
 
Information about the allocation of proceeds between new projects. 
 
Unallocated balance of the Green Account at year end, if any. 
Impact reporting 
 
Total capacity of renewable energy production (MW). 
 
Annual renewable energy generation (MWh).

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
Annual greenhouse gas emissions avoided (tonnes CO2e). 
In case Ørsted has green purpose clauses in credit facilities or other short-term financing arrangements such as 
bank loans or note programmes that are not directly included in its green bond impact report, it will, for the 
avoidance of doubt, be specifically outlined if proceeds from such short-term financing have been allocated to 
Eligible Projects. 
The Second Party Opinion Provider 
Ørsted has appointed CICERO to conduct an external review of the Green Finance Framework and provide a 
second party opinion, commenting on, inter alia, the alignment of the Green Finance Framework with the ICMA 
Green 
Bond 
Principles. 
The 
CICERO 
Opinion 
is 
available 
on 
Ørsted’s 
website 
at: 
https://orsted.com/en/investors/debt/green-financing. In May 2022, CICERO awarded Ørsted’s Green Finance 
Framework the highest possible grading – a dark green shading, and the governance structure of the Green 
Finance Framework the highest possible score – Excellent. 
Neither the Green Finance Framework, nor the CICERO Opinion nor any associated reporting is incorporated 
into, or forms part of, this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes (including any Green Bonds) 
issued under the Programme. See Risk Factor “Notes issued as “Green Bonds” may not be a suitable investment 
for all investors seeking exposure to green assets”.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES (OTHER THAN SENIOR 
NTD NOTES) WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or Global Certificates are stated in the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) to be issued in NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), 
on or prior to the issue date, the Global Notes or Global Certificates will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper. 
Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates intended to be held as Eurosystem eligible collateral 
with a Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem (“Eurosystem eligible 
collateral”) either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. In the case of Notes 
issued in NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be) which are not intended to be held as 
Eurosystem eligible collateral as of their issue date, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future so that such Notes are capable of meeting the eligibility criteria, such Notes may then be deposited 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as Common Safekeeper. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be 
delivered on or prior to the issue date to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with the Common Depositary or 
registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such 
clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note 
and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary or the Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, 
may also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with other clearing systems (if indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be)) through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are 
initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system 
(an “Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global 
Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as 
the case may be) for his/her share of each payment made by Ørsted to the bearer of such Global Note or the 
holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under 
the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against Ørsted in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of Ørsted will be discharged by

--- Page 167 ---
167 
payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may 
be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) indicates that such 
Global Note is issued in compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable (see “Overview the Programme — Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Notes defined and described below; and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement, for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the relevant 
Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be), for Definitive Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for Registered 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note or Definitive Notes for 
which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be exchangeable in whole or in part for 
Registered Notes only. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date 
in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part for 
Definitive Notes or, in the case of paragraph 3 below, Registered Notes: 
(a) 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for Registered 
Notes; 
(b) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or in fact does so to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its election for such 
exchange; or 
(c) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued in 
Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to purchase 
a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) state that the Notes are to be represented by a 
permanent Global Certificate on issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading

--- Page 168 ---
168 
of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but 
will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Registered Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) 
may only be made in part: 
(a) 
if the Registered Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(b) 
if principal or interest in respect of any Registered Notes is not paid when due; or 
(c) 
with the consent of Ørsted, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3(a) or 3(b) above, the 
holder of the Global Certificate has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the 
intention of the holder of the Global Certificate to effect such transfer. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may surrender 
such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, Ørsted will (i) in the 
case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery 
of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a 
temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure 
the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate 
nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Certificates, as the case may be or 
if the Global Note is an NGN, Ørsted will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any 
Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having 
attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already 
been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form 
set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, Ørsted will, if 
the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive 
Notes. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days 
after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case 
of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal or interest in respect of 
any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks 
are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in 
the city in which the relevant clearing system is located.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Other 
If a Global Note is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at the option of the Noteholders, the Notes shall be 
tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination). 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, the permanent Global Notes and the Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions: 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any temporary Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set 
out in the Trust Deed. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made 
against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, 
surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as 
shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each 
payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that 
such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is an NGN or if the Global Certificate 
is held under the NSS, Ørsted shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global 
Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so 
made will discharge Ørsted’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the 
relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a 
Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out 
in Condition 8(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, the 
person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day 
immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday 
inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
Prescription 
Claims against Ørsted in respect of Notes that are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) or five 
years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) — Taxation” and “Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes (— 
Taxation”). 
Meetings 
At any meeting of Noteholders, the holder of a permanent Global Note or Global Certificate shall be treated as 
being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements at a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such

--- Page 170 ---
170 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral 
currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Note. All holders Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in 
respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Note comprising such Noteholder’s 
holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate that is required by the Conditions 
to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant Global Note or Global Certificate, as the case may be. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate may only be purchased by Ørsted or any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined in the Trust Deed) if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future 
payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) set out in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be). 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of Ørsted provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by a Global 
Note or Global Certificate shall be exercised by Ørsted giving notice to the Noteholders within the time limits 
set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required 
to contain the certificate numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly 
no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of Ørsted is exercised in respect of some but 
not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes 
will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the relevant 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) and shall be reflected in the records of the relevant clearing 
system as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion. Following the exercise of 
any such option, Ørsted shall procure that the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
relevant clearing systems and represented by the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate shall be reduced 
accordingly. 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is an NGN, Ørsted shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise of 
any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances set out above shall 
be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in respect of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted 
accordingly. 
Noteholders’ Option 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a Global Note or Global Certificate may be exercised by the holder of the Global Note or Global Certificate 
giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a 
Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the certificate numbers of the Notes in 
respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which 
the option is exercised and at the same time, where the Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Global Note or 
Global Certificate to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Paying Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is an NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the 
NSS, Ørsted shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate 
is registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any information 
provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its 
accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and may consider such interests and 
treat such accountholders as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note or Global Certificate. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate and such Global Note or Global 
Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of 
the Global Note or Global Certificate. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the seventh day 
after the date on which it is delivered to the holder of the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
ØRSTED A/S 
Information about Ørsted 
Ørsted is a limited liability company incorporated in Denmark and operating under Danish law and registered 
with the Danish Business Authority (Erhvervsstyrelsen) in Copenhagen under CVR no. 36 21 37 28. The shares 
of Ørsted have been listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S since 9 June 2016. The principal registered office of 
Ørsted is located at Kraftværksvej 53, Skærbæk, DK-7000 Fredericia, Denmark, and the telephone number of 
Ørsted is +45 99 55 11 11. 
As of 31 December 2023, the share capital of Ørsted was DKK 4,203,810,800 and is divided into shares of 
DKK 10 each or multiples thereof. The issued share capital is fully paid-up. There are no other classes of shares 
besides the ordinary shares. There are no non-voting shares.  
According to Article 3 of Ørsted’s Articles of Association, the corporate objectives of Ørsted are to carry out 
business in the energy sector and activities related thereto. 
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Kingdom of Denmark holds a 50.1 per cent. ownership interest in 
Ørsted. The other shareholders holding 5 per cent. or more of the ownership interest and/or voting rights in 
Ørsted is Andel A.m.b.a (“Andel” – previously SEAS-NVE A.m.b.a.). The Kingdom of Denmark exercises its 
shareholder rights through the Danish Ministry of Finance. The shares owned by the Kingdom of Denmark 
have the same voting rights as all other shares in Ørsted. The Danish Companies Act provides the minority 
shareholders with certain minority protection rights, including that no resolutions shall be passed at the general 
meeting of shareholders that are clearly likely to confer upon certain shareholders an undue advantage over 
other shareholders of Ørsted. 
Pursuant to Article 13.1 of the Articles of Association of Ørsted, any transfer of title in (i) the natural gas 
infrastructure facilities currently consisting of Ørsted’s offshore natural gas pipeline system connecting gas 
producing assets in the Danish part of the North Sea to the onshore transmission grid and the Nybro gas 
treatment facility and (ii) the oil pipeline business consisting of the oil pipeline connecting the Gorm E platform 
in the North Sea to the oil terminal at Fredericia, Jutland, may only be made to the Kingdom of Denmark or to 
legal persons controlled by the Kingdom of Denmark. 
Corporate Structure of Ørsted 
The principal activity of Ørsted is the development, construction and operation of offshore and onshore wind 
farms, solar farms, energy storage facilities, renewable hydrogen and green fuels facilities, and bioenergy plants. 
Ørsted serves as a holding company, with all primary business activities conducted through its subsidiaries. The 
chart below illustrates the relationship of Ørsted with its principal subsidiaries (all of which are wholly owned 
by Ørsted). 
Ørsted’s organisation is divided into three regions, being the Americas, Europe and APAC, with the engineering, 
procurement and construction (“EPC”), operations and IT activities each placed in separate business divisions. 
Ørsted financial reporting continues to be divided into three segments: Offshore, Onshore and Bioenergy & 
Other.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Figure 1: Ørsted’s principal subsidiaries as of 31 December 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Business Overview 
Ørsted was founded as Dansk Naturgas A/S by the Kingdom of Denmark on 27 March 1972, as a vehicle for 
the development of Danish energy activities. Ørsted established the Danish gas transmission grid, procured 
natural gas from the producers in the Danish North Sea and developed from a passive investor in oil exploration 
and production licenses in the Danish North Sea to become an independent offshore oil and gas explorer and 
producer in Denmark, Norway and the UK. In 1999 and 2000, Ørsted acquired the Southern Jutland and Western 
and Southern Zealand gas distribution and supply companies, comprising two out of five Danish gas distribution 
and supply companies. 
In 2006, the acquisitions of five regional Danish energy companies (Elsam, NESA, Energi E2, part of 
Københavns Energi and part of Frederiksberg Forsyning) were completed, and Ørsted’s name was changed to 
DONG Energy A/S. The acquisitions allowed Ørsted to expand into power generation, sales and distribution 
activities. 
In the years following the acquisitions, the growing demand for renewable energy and the need to reduce coal-
fired thermal generation capacity in the Nordic area led Ørsted to revise its strategy. International coal-fired 
power plant projects under preparation were cancelled in 2009, capacity closures of Danish power plants were 
initiated and a plan to reduce CO2 emissions was adopted. 
Ørsted’s gas transmission activity was divested to the Danish state-owned transmission system operator, 
Energinet, in 2004 as part of the unbundling of the Danish energy sector. In 2013 and 2014, a financial action 
plan was executed for Ørsted to establish a sufficient financial foundation to enable the implementation of 
Ørsted’s 2020 strategic goals and to continue the transformation of the Group into a global leader within 
Ørsted Onshore Holding A/S 
(Onshore) 
Ørsted Bioenergy & Thermal 
Power A/S  
(Bioenergy) 
Ørsted Wind Power Holding A/S 
(Offshore) 
100%
100%
100%
Ørsted A/S
Denmark 
Orsted Holdings N.A. Inc. 
(US) 
100%
100%
Ørsted Wind Power TW  
Holding A/S  
(Offshore) 
100%
Ørsted Salg & Service  
A/S 
 
(Markets) 
Orsted North America 
Inc. 
 
(Offshore) 
Orsted Onshore North America, 
LLC 
(Onshore) 
100%
100%
Issuer 
Directly owned subsidiary 
Indirectly owned subsidiary

--- Page 174 ---
174 
offshore wind power. The financial action plan included significant divestments of non-core assets, cost 
reductions and a capital injection of approximately DKK 13.3 billion, which took place in February 2014. 
In September 2016, Ørsted divested its gas distribution network and on 29 September 2017, Ørsted divested its 
oil & gas exploration and production activities to INEOS. Furthermore, on 31 August 2020, Ørsted completed 
the divestment of its Danish power distribution, residential power and gas customer and city light businesses to 
Andel.  
Today, Ørsted engages in the business of developing, building, owning and operating offshore and onshore wind 
farms, solar farms and facilities for energy storage, P2X technologies and combined heat and power plants 
under the bioenergy segment. At the end of 31 December 2023, Ørsted employed 8,905 full-time equivalent 
employees. 
Recent Group Developments  
In January 2024, Ørsted took the FID on the 43.2 MW Farranrory Onshore Wind Farm in Ireland.  
In January 2024, Ørsted signed an agreement with Eversource to acquire Eversource´s 50 per cent. share of 
Sunrise Wind, a 924 MW offshore wind farm. In February 2024, the Sunrise Wind project was conditionally 
awarded the rights to negotiate a 25-year offshore wind renewable energy certificate (“OREC”) in the New 
York 4 solicitation for offshore wind. The acquisition is subject to the signing of an OREC contract with New 
York’s energy agency, NYSERDA, entry into long-form acquisition agreements, receipt of construction and 
operations plan (COP), and relevant regulatory approvals. 
In January 2024, Ørsted announced the withdrawal from the Maryland Public Service Commission orders 
approving the United States offshore wind projects, Skipjack 1 and Skipjack 2. 
In February 2024, Ørsted entered into an agreement with Danish district heating companies VEKS and CTR to 
utilise surplus heat from carbon capture at Avedøre Power Station. 
In February 2024, it was announced that Thomas Thune Andersen will not seek re-election as Chair of the Board 
of Directors at the upcoming annual general meeting on 5 March 2024. Furthermore, Jørgen Kildahl will not 
seek re-election as member of the Board of Directors of Ørsted. 
In February 2024, Ørsted announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding with Incheon Metropolitan 
City, South Korea, for the development of a 1.6 GW offshore wind power in the region. 
In February 2024, Ørsted announced the appointment of Trond Westlie as Ørsted’s new Group Chief Financial 
Officer and member of the Executive Board and the Group Executive Team, effective as of 1 April 2024. On 
the same date, Patrick Harnett will also join Ørsted’s Group Executive Team as Chief Operational Officer. 
Summary of Key Operating Data 
Table 1: Summary of Key Operating Data  
  
 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(1)
Offshore: 
 
  
 
Decided (FID taken) and installed capacity, offshore wind (GW)  ............... 
11.1 
15.5
Installed capacity, offshore wind (GW) ........................................................ 
8.9 
8.9
Generation capacity, offshore wind (GW) .................................................... 
4.7 
5.0
Wind speed (m/s)  ......................................................................................... 
9.5 
9.8

--- Page 175 ---
175 
  
 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(1)
Load factor (%)  ............................................................................................ 
42 
43
Availability (%)  ............................................................................................ 
94 
93
Power generation (GWh)  ............................................................................. 
16,483 
17,761
Volume of power sales (GWh)  ..................................................................... 
23,194 
21,448
Onshore: 
 
  
 
Decided (FID taken) and installed capacity, onshore wind (GW)  ................ 
6.2 
6.4
Installed capacity, onshore wind (GW)  ........................................................ 
4.2 
4.8
Wind speed (m/s)  ......................................................................................... 
7.4 
7.2
Load factor, wind (%)  .................................................................................. 
40 
36
Load factor, solar PV (%) .............................................................................. 
25 
24
Availability, wind (%)  .................................................................................. 
93 
88
Availability, solar PV (%) ............................................................................. 
98 
98
Power generation (GWh)  ............................................................................. 
13,146 
13,374
Bioenergy & Other: 
 
  
 
Degree days (number)  .................................................................................. 
2,548 
2,585
Heat generation (GWh)  ................................................................................ 
6,368 
6,587
Power generation (GWh)  ............................................................................. 
6,012 
4,437
Volume of power sales (GWh)  ..................................................................... 
5,399 
2,627
Volume of gas sales (GWh)  .......................................................................... 
31,637 
16,880
ESG statements: 
 
  
 
Greenhouse gas intensity (scope 1 and 2). g CO₂e/kWh  .............................. 
60 
38
Greenhouse gas intensity (scope 1-3 excl. natural gas), g CO₂e/kWh 
 
147 
80
Greenhouse gas emissions (scope 3), million tonnes 
 
11.0 
5.6
Renewable share of heat and power generation (%)  .................................... 
91 
93
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023. 
 
Table 2: Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(1) 
 
 
(DKK million) 
 
Revenue(2):  
 
114,417 
79,255 
Offshore  
 
69,261 
58,427 
Onshore  
 
3,014 
2,620

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(1) 
 
 
(DKK million) 
 
Bioenergy & Other  
 
46,243 
19,230 
Other activities (including eliminations)  
 
(4,101) 
(1,022) 
EBITDA:  
 
32,057 
18,717 
EBIT:  
 
19,774 
(17,853) 
Profit before tax 
 
17,609 
(19,026) 
Tax on profit (loss) for the year 
 
(2,613) 
(1,156) 
Profit (loss) for the period 
 
14,996 
(20,182) 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023.  
(2) 
In 2023, Ørsted changed the accounting policy on recognition of revenue from the settlement of failed own-use 
contracts related to power. The change only impacts revenue and cost of sales with no impact on EBITDA. The 
comparisons for 2022 have been adjusted. 
As of 31 December 2023, Ørsted’s employed capital in its businesses made up DKK 125,170 million, of which 
DKK 83,574 million was employed in Offshore, DKK 35,634 million was employed in Onshore, DKK 4,655 
million was employed in Bioenergy & Other and DKK 1,307 million was deployed towards Other 
activities/eliminations.  
Table 3: EBITDA split by business unit:  
 
 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(1) 
 
 
(DKK million) 
 
EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
32,057 
18,717 
Offshore ........................................................................................................ 
19,569 
13,817 
Onshore ......................................................................................................... 
3,644 
2,970 
Bioenergy & Other ........................................................................................ 
8,619 
1,523 
Other activities (including eliminations) ....................................................... 
225 
407 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023. 
Table 4: Cash flow and Net debt 
 
 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(1) 
Cash flow from operating activities .............................................................  
11,924 
28,532 
Cash flow from investing activities ..............................................................  
(17,912) 
(34,732) 
Dividends received and capital reductions reversed ....................................  
(23) 
(19)

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(1) 
Purchase and sale of securities, reversed......................................................  
5,634 
4,350 
Loans to associates and joint ventures, reversed ..........................................  
78 
- 
Sale of non-current assets, reversed .............................................................  
(24,175) 
(8,186) 
Interest-bearing debt in acquired enterprises ................................................  
(972) 
- 
Restricted cash in acquired enterprises ........................................................  
1 
- 
Gross investments.......................................................................................  
(37,447) 
(38,509) 
Transactions with non-controlling interest in connection with divestments  
1,461 
(6,644) 
Sale of non-current assets.............................................................................  
24,175 
8,186 
Divestments .................................................................................................  
25,636 
1,542 
Free cash flow .............................................................................................  
113 
(8,435) 
Net interest-bearing debt, beginning of period .............................................  
24,280 
30,571 
Free cash flow ..............................................................................................  
(113) 
8,435 
Dividends and hybrid coupon paid ...............................................................  
6,052 
6,613 
Addition of lease obligations, net .................................................................  
1,598 
978 
Repurchase of hybrid capital, net .................................................................  
(1,747) 
699 
Exchange rate adjustments, etc. ...................................................................  
501 
83 
Net interest-bearing debt, end of period ..................................................  
30,571 
47,379 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023. 
 
Strategic direction and priorities 
Ørsted’s 2030 ambition 
Large reductions in the cost of renewable energy, increasing political momentum, along with actions undertaken 
by governments to fight climate change, as well as the increasing number of companies setting decarbonisation 
targets all come together to lay the foundation for an accelerated transformation towards a fully renewable 
energy system. This transformation will create significant opportunities for Ørsted. 
The green transformation of the energy system is driven by five main elements towards 2030. The first key 
element will be electrification enabled by the massive build-out of renewable energy. The International 
Renewable Energy Agency estimates that an annual deployment of approximately 1,000 GW of renewable 
power is needed by 2050, to stay on the pathway to meet the 1.5°C2 scenario. The second key element will be 
the increasing renewable project sizes, requiring larger and innovative cross-states transmission infrastructures 
like energy islands. The third element is expected to be the deployment of renewable hydrogen and green fuels, 
which will be a key decarbonisation route for heavy industry and heavy transport, and which will itself spark 
 
2 
Long-term threshold set by the Paris Agreement and stating the maximum temperature increase the world can reach (compared to pre-industrial 
levels) in order to limit global warming.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
the development of entirely new industries and value chains. The fourth element will be digitalisation and 
system innovation: the International Energy Agency (“IEA”) estimates that more than 90 per cent. of global 
electricity supply will originate from renewables by 2050, and this will require a smart and highly digitalised 
energy system that can better integrate different technologies and drive system efficiencies. The fifth and final 
key element will be corporate demand, driven by a growing awareness of environmental issues and a desire to 
align with responsible business practices. As more companies set decarbonisation targets and seek multi-
product green solutions to solve their specific needs, the future customer landscape is likely to transform 
significantly.  
Recognising the magnitude of these changes, the increasing political momentum and the resulting massive 
renewable market opportunities, Ørsted has defined a 2030 strategic aspiration to become one of the world’s 
leading green energy major. In terms of renewable build-out, Ørsted aims to increase its renewable installed 
base from 15.7 GW to approximately 35-38 GW gross capacity by 2030. Ørsted aims to reach an installed 
capacity of 23 GW by 2026. In order to achieve this, Ørsted has also set out ambitions for each of its segments: 
 
In offshore wind, Ørsted aims to be a global market leader3 in Europe, the United States and APAC and 
to reach an installed gross capacity of approximately 20-22 GW by 2030; 
 
In onshore renewable energy, which includes wind, solar PV and energy storage, Ørsted aims to be a 
regional player in Europe and in the United States with approximately 11-13 GW of installed gross 
capacity by 2030; and 
 
Ørsted aspires to become a regional player in P2X in Scandinavia and in the United States by 2030 with 
an ambition of up to approximately 1 GW of installed capacity. 
Additionally, Ørsted aims to increase its platform through a selective and value over volume driven approach 
with focused market prioritisation. In Europe, the aim is to grow Ørsted’s offshore wind presence through 
bottom-fixed opportunities in core markets, as well as through portfolio optionality from adjacent new markets, 
including planning for a leaner development within floating wind. With respect to onshore renewable energy, 
Ørsted’s aim is to continue build-out of the European platform.  
In the United States, Ørsted operates as a pure play renewable energy company with installed capacity 
consisting of offshore wind, onshore wind, solar PV and storage activities and is positioned to scale and engage 
with key stakeholders. Ørsted is focused on capital allocation towards the most value-accretive opportunities 
while pursuing strict risk management and financial discipline across the awarded offshore portfolio and other 
asset classes. Ørsted has decided to exit offshore wind in Norway, Spain and Portugal. 
In the APAC region, Ørsted is constructing two large-scale offshore wind farms in Taiwan, namely the 
Changhua 1 & 2a and the Changhua 2b & 4 projects, Ørsted has also been granted an electricity business licence 
for a 1.6 GW offshore wind project off the coast of Incheon, South Korea. Ørsted is also exploring opportunities 
in Australia, where the offshore market is opening up. Furthermore, Ørsted has deprioritised development 
activities in Japan. 
On 7 February 2024, Ørsted provided a capital market update which included an updated business plan to 
address the recent adverse developments such as the ceased project development within the United States 
offshore projects, supply chain delays and the mitigating costs, increases in CAPEX and operating expenses 
(“OPEX”) following cost inflation supply chain bottlenecks. To further optimise its business plan, Ørsted has 
among other things taken a comprehensive risk review across offshore projects with a focus on further reducing 
execution risk and implementing measures to ensure a robust balance sheet to support long-term growth. 
 
3 
Largest global offshore wind developer by installed capacity by end-2021 (Bloomberg New Energy Finance – Ranking of Renewable Project 
Developers).

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Further, Ørsted has reduced expected CAPEX and phasing of future costs. With its new business plan, Ørsted 
has a high visibility on its short-term investments. 
Ørsted expects to continue to identify markets and investment opportunities to continue to globalise and 
diversify its growth platform, but in a selective and financially disciplined manner. 
Besides capacity build-out, Ørsted also has the ambition to (i) become one of the world’s largest and most value-
creating capital deployers into the green transformation; (ii) create the world’s leading talent platform; (iii) 
continue to be recognised as a sustainability leader; and (iv) strengthen its role as a catalyst to realise the vision 
of a world that runs entirely on green energy.  
Ørsted´s partnership and divestment programme is a cornerstone in managing financial planning and reaching 
the Group’s strategic ambition, with a sizeable number of farm downs and joint-venture partnerships expected 
in the coming years. Ørsted’s approach towards partnership and divestment are (i) to continue with the existing 
plan to farm down and/or enter 50 per cent. partnerships on offshore and onshore assets; and (ii) farm downs 
below 50 per cent. ownership and full divestment of non-strategic assets. 
The accelerating green transformation requires Ørsted to further broaden its technology platform to remain 
competitive in the future global energy market. Possessing a multi-technology platform is expected to help 
realise scale benefits in procurement thanks to the combined build-out in offshore and onshore. Ørsted believes 
that this will enable it to more effectively meet customers’ demands for integrated solutions and enable the 
delivery of global energy offerings to transnational offtake partners that will require certain energy volumes 
and load profiles in specific markets, hence unlocking access to new markets. Finally, a diversified energy 
platform should allow Ørsted to play a more prominent role in the decarbonisation of hard-to-abate sectors, by 
deploying large-scale renewable hydrogen and green fuels across industries. 
Ørsted is positioned to tap into regulatory frameworks and political support schemes across key growth markets. 
The Inflation Reduction Act, Powering Up Britain – Energy Security Plan, the Fit-for-55 and Green Deal 
Industrial Plan (including the Net Zero Industry Act) in the European Union are expected to expand the 
renewable energy market and represents important sources of support for the entire industry. 
Ørsted’s strategy and capital allocation 
Strategic direction and growth 
Ørsted’s strategic shift from ‘black’ to ‘green’ energy is reflected in its renewable share of energy generation. 
In 2023, the renewable share of Ørsted’s total heat and power generation amounted to 93 per cent. compared to 
91 per cent. in 2022. Ørsted’s target is to reach 99 per cent. renewable energy generation by 2025.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
Figure 2: Total heat and power generation in 2023 by energy source (%)  
 
The strategic transformation to become a green energy company has positioned Ørsted as one of the largest 
renewable energy companies4 in the world, measured by the capacity of renewable energy that is installed or 
under construction. As of 31 December 2023, Ørsted had in aggregate 15.7 GW of renewable energy capacity 
installed or under construction and another 8.3 GW where FID has been taken. In addition, Ørsted has been 
awarded or contracted renewable projects with a capacity of 3.7 GW in offshore and onshore where investment 
decisions are yet to be taken. 
Towards 2030, Ørsted expects that the global market for renewable energy will reach around 4,000 GW of 
installed offshore wind, onshore wind, solar PV and storage capacity, excluding China. As one of the leading 
companies in offshore wind, Ørsted believes it is strongly positioned to take part in this growth.  
Capital allocation 
Between 2024 and 2030, Ørsted targets gross investments of approximately DKK 270 billion in total. The 
financing of these investments are planned to be covered by cash flow from operations, partnerships and 
divestments, tax equity and senior and subordinated debt capital with such sources representing approximately 
50 per cent., 35 per cent., 10 per cent. and 5 per cent., respectively, of Ørsted´s gross investments. The expected 
allocation of the DKK 270 billion gross investment programme is as follows: (i) approximately DKK 180 billion 
of investments in offshore wind projects; (ii) approximately DKK 75 billion of investments in onshore projects; 
and (iii) approximately DKK 15 billion of investments in P2X and bioenergy projects.  
In order to manage growth, Ørsted has defined the following financial policies: (i) Rating: target of solid 
investment grade with Moody’s, S&P and Fitch; (ii) Capital structure: above 30 per cent. FFO/adjusted net 
 
4 
23 per cent. of all global offshore wind capacity installed and under construction excl. Mainland China as of end-2021 (Bloomberg New 
Energy Finance – Ranking of Renewable Project Developers). 
Offshore wind
42%
Onshore 
wind 27%
Sustainable 
biomass
18%
Coal, 
6%
Solar PV 5%
Natural gas
1%
Other* 1%

--- Page 181 ---
181 
debt; and (iii) Dividend policy: zero dividend payments for the financial years 2023-2025. The target is to 
reinstate dividends from the financial year 2026.  
At its annual general meeting in April 2022, Ørsted was authorised to increase its share capital on one or more 
occasions until April 2027. The authorisation allows for a capital increase of up to 20 per cent., subject to The 
Kingdom of Denmark maintaining its ownership share at 50.1 per cent.  
ESG 
Ørsted has taken important steps to uphold a clear leadership on sustainability, and to drive the change the world 
needs to fight climate change. Ørsted’s overall ambition is to reach net-zero emissions across its entire value 
chain (scope 1-3) by 2040, a target which has been validated by the Science Based Targets Initiative (“SBTi”) 
during 2021, hence making Ørsted the first energy company with a science-based net zero target. Furthermore, 
Ørsted has also taken a stand on biodiversity. Ørsted has set a target to ensure all new projects commissioned 
by 2030 at the latest have a net positive biodiversity impact, and in June 2023 it became the world’s first energy 
company to issue blue bonds with the aim of increasing investments towards offshore biodiversity and 
sustainable ocean fuels. 
Ørsted’s 2040 science-based target for net-zero greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions have been validated by the 
SBTi and is comprised of three key climate targets. Ørsted will seek to neutralise its residual emissions through 
certified carbon-removal projects. Ørsted’s key climate targets are: 
(i) 
by 2025: achieve 98 per cent. reductions in scope 1-2 emission intensity (from 2006); 
(ii) 
by 2030: achieve 77 per cent. reductions in scope 1-3 emissions intensity (from 2018, excluding gas 
sales) and 67 per cent. reduction in scope 3 emissions from gas sales (from 2018); and 
(iii) 
by 2040: achieve net-zero emission in scope 1-3 and 90 per cent. reduction in absolute emissions (scope 
3, from gas sales). 
Ørsted has set an ambition to deliver a net-positive biodiversity impact from all new renewable energy projects 
commissioned from 2030 at the latest. This entails that the project should have an overall positive biodiversity 
impact through active measures taken to avoid, mitigate, and offset potential biodiversity losses. Besides this, 
Ørsted has also implemented (i) an immediate ban on the landfilling of its wind turbine blades; and (ii) a 
commitment that all solar panels must be reused or recycled. These are only initial steps of a continued journey, 
where Ørsted intends to extend its efforts to protect nature and the environment while engaging in its renewable 
build-out. Ørsted is a LEAD participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its ten principles 
for responsible business behaviour. Additionally, Ørsted aspires to have a transformative impact on Sustainable 
Development Goal (“SDG”) 7 “Affordable & Clean Energy”, and SDG 13 “Climate Action”, while contributing 
to several others. 
The diagram below illustrates Ørsted’s 2040 GHG emission reduction targets for the periods indicated:

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Figure 3: Ørsted’s 2040 net-zero SBTi targets  
 
-98 %
-99 %
-100 % 
462 
136 
58 
60 
38 
10 
6 
<1 
2006   //    2018  //    2021    2022     2023         2025     2030    2040 
Science-based
targets 
Scope 1-2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity
g CO2e/kWh

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
Furthermore, Ørsted has established social sustainability programmes aimed at delivering risk prevention, 
human rights practices, creating an inspiring workplace for employees, and promoting a diverse and inclusive 
workplace. Ørsted´s key social sustainability targets are: 
(i) 
by 2025: achieve a total recordable injury rate (“TRIR”) of 2.5 per million hours worked; 
(ii) 
by 2030: reach a 40:60 gender balance in total workforce (women:men);  
(iii) 
be in the top 25 per cent. among benchmarking companies on employee satisfaction; and 
(iv) 
further develop and integrate human rights due diligence in its management system. 
In 2023, Ørsted’s total number of recordable injuries decreased by 5 to 73, of which 50 injuries were related to 
contractors´employees. TRIR decreased from 3.1 in 2022 to 2.8 in 2023.  
Ørsted also works towards governance that enables the right decicisions, and key governance sustainability 
targets are: 
(i) 
all future projects are EU taxonomy-aligned;  
(ii) 
code of conduct risk screenings on all sourcing contracts above DKK 3 million; and 
(iii) 
sustainability embedded consistently across relevant steps of the operating model. 
In addition, Ørsted has the ambition to ensure that each of its energy projects contributes positively to a thriving 
environment. Ørsted’s key sustainability targets in this area include: 
-99 %
-77 % 
322 
165 
147 
80 
75 
<2.9 
-90 %
-67 % 
2018   //  2021    2022    2023          2030    2040 
Scope 1-3 greenhouse gas emissions 
intensity (excl. natural gas sales) 
g CO2e/kWh 
Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 
from natural gas sales 
Mt CO2e 
2018   //   2021    2022     2023         2030    2040 
Science-based
targets 
Science-based
targets 
24 
14 
7
4 
8 
<2.4

--- Page 184 ---
184 
(i) 
by 2025: achieve a 40 per cent. reduction in freshwater withdrawal intensity (m3 per GWh of energy 
produced); 
(ii) 
by 2030: achieve a net-positive biodiversity impact from all new renewable energy projects 
commissioned by 2030 at the latest; and 
(iii) 
ensure that zero wind turbine blade and solar PV module waste is directed to landfill. 
Furthermore, Ørsted provides a uniform approach for determining the sustainability of Ørsted’s activities by 
reporting on taxonomy-aligned share of reporting items, as illustrated by the diagram below: 
Figure 4: Ørsted’s taxonomy-aligned KPIs in percentage point share, as of 31 December 2023  
 
 
 
 
 
Source: Group Information 
Key sustainability achievements and milestones 
In connection with Ørsted’s ESG efforts and targets, some of Ørsted’s key sustainability achievements and 
milestones in 2023 are set out below: 
Climate change:  
(a) 
Ørsted is making the preparations and is on track to phase out coal-based energy generation by 2025, 
with the last use of coal planned for August 2024.  
(b) 
Ørsted has procured low-carbon copper for the export cable scope for the world’s largest wind farm, 
Hornsea 3 in the UK. By choosing low carbon copper, the Group has reduced the emissions from the 
export cable scope by approximately 50 per cent. 
Biodiversity and ecosystems: 
(a) 
For the offshore wind farm Hornsea 3, Ørsted has started the work of providing artificial nesting 
structures for the kittiwake bird species along the east coast of England. This project is the first of its 
kind and is needed to support this important and vulnerable species. 
(b) 
Ørsted has initiated a biodiversity initiative near Ørsted’s onshore wind farm, Sunflower Wind in Kansas, 
United States, together with The Conservation Fund and The Nature Conservancy. This initiative will 
support habitat protection and restoration of up to 3,000 acres of tallgrass prairie habitat near the wind 
project. 
Resource use and circular economy: 
(a) 
Ørsted has partnered with Vestas to procure wind turbine towers made from recycled steel. For all future 
joint projects, at least every fourth turbine tower will be made from scrap steel. 
86
Revenue 
79
95 
99
OPEX 
EBITDA 
CAPEX

--- Page 185 ---
185 
(b) 
Ørsted has entered a partnership with SOLARCYCLE, a technology-based solar recycling company, to 
handle the processing and recycling of end-of-life solar modules sourced from its projects throughout 
the United States. 
Own workforce:  
(a) 
To foster a sustainable, safe, and inclusive working environment where all employees can thrive, Ørsted 
is in the final stages of developing a new global labour and employment rights policy.  
(b) 
To foster a workplace where everyone feels empowered to voice their thoughts, share innovative ideas, 
and express themselves freely, Ørsted has launched a series of dynamic psychological safety workshops 
for all employees. 
Workers in the value chain: 
(a) 
Ørsted has conducted human rights training with a focus on bullying, discrimination, and harassment for 
the Marine Inspection Team and expects to perform similar trainings for QHSE site representatives going 
forward. These teams have frequent on-site presence during the execution of contracts with suppliers.  
(b) 
Ørsted has initiated a Respectful Working Environment campaign aimed at strategic vessel suppliers, 
with the aim of mitigating the risk of bullying and harassment in the offshore logistics supply chain. 
Affected communities:  
(a) 
Ørsted has initiated the development of global guidance for asset-level social and human rights impact 
assessments. The purpose of the guidance is to create a standardised approach for conducting 
assessments before the construction of every new project, identifying and addressing potential human 
rights and social risks.  
(b) 
Ørsted has initiated a new partnership with the Haas School of Business at the University of California, 
Berkeley, focusing on defining the foundational elements for measuring people-positivity of renewable 
energy projects. 
ESG Ratings 
Ørsted is regularly assessed by rating agencies on its ESG performance. Below is a list of ESG ratings and 
rankings that Ørsted has received as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Carbon Disclosure Project (“CDP”) is a global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states and 
regions to manage environmental impacts. On climate, Ørsted has been awarded the highest possible CDP rating 
on a scale of A-F (A being the highest rating) for five consecutive years and is recognised as a global leader on 
climate change action. On water, Ørsted was awarded the score of A- in 2023. 
Morgan Stanley Capital International (“MSCI”) measures a company’s resilience to material long-term and 
industry ESG risks. Ørsted has received a rating of AAA (on a scale of AAA-CCC) in the MSCI ESG ratings 
assessment in seven consecutive ratings. 
Sustainalytics provides leading, independent ESG ratings and research. Ørsted has received a score of 17.2 
(which places it in the low risk band between 10 and 20), and is placed fourth among direct utility peers 
measured by market cap (as selected by Sustainalytics). 
ISS ESG provides corporate and country ESG research and ratings. With an A- rating, Ørsted ranks in the 1st 
decile among electric utilities and was awarded “Prime” status in 2023.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
EcoVadis is a global collaborative platform providing sustainability ratings for procurers. Ørsted has been 
awarded a Platinum Medal for being among the top 1 per cent. of companies assessed by EcoVadis in 2023 
with a score of 78. 
Furthermore, Ørsted is recognised as a global sustainability leader and has ranked among the world’s most 
sustainable energy companies since 2019 by Corporate Knights Global 100 Index. In January 2024, Ørsted 
ranked 17th across all industries and 1st in the GICS in the “electric utilities” industry. Ørsted is recognised on 
the CDP Climate Change A List as a global leader on climate action. Ørsted consistently delivers on its 
commitment to protect the planet’s environment, setting ambitious targets not only on reducing carbon 
emissions, but also on preventing biodiversity loss. 
Ørsted’s markets  
Note: Unless stated otherwise, global and APAC market forecasts across technologies exclude China 
Substantial market growth across renewable energy technologies 
The global renewable energy market is forecasted to grow exponentially towards 2030. This is partly due to the 
rising political momentum behind the green energy transition, which is resulting in ambitious new renewable 
energy buildout plans around the world. Some of Ørsted’s core markets are at the forefront of this development, 
with multiple countries and regions announcing accelerated ambitions. Examples include the Esbjerg 
Declaration (65 GW installed offshore wind capacity in the North Sea by 2030), the Marienborg declaration 
(nearly 20 GW installed offshore wind capacity in the Baltic Sea by 2030) and new national targets in the United 
States, the UK, Australia, and many other countries.  
According to Bloomberg New Energy Finance (“BNEF”), global renewables (offshore wind, onshore wind, 
solar PV, and energy storage), are expected to increase by a combined average growth rate (“CAGR”) of 15 
per cent. to around 4,200 GW in 2030.  
Offshore wind is expected to grow from ~35 GW in 2023 to ~130 GW in 2030, according to BNEF. This is 
partly driven by a significant relative build-out of offshore wind in the Americas and APAC, though Europe 
will remain the largest region by far.  
Onshore renewables (wind, solar PV, and energy storage) are currently more established and have the highest 
installed capacity at ~1,570 GW. They are expected to grow by 15 per cent. CAGR towards 2030, reaching 
~3,840 GW. Again, this is driven particularly by the Americas and APAC, but Europe is expected to maintain 
its position as the biggest onshore region. 
The exponential market growth across renewable energy technologies is forecast to continue in the coming 
decades. By 2050, it is expected that nearly 90 per cent. of global electricity generation will come from 
renewables, with almost 70 per cent. from wind and solar PV alone. 
Although P2X is currently a nascent industry, electrolyser capacity is projected to increase rapidly with global 
ambitions reaching target over 100 GW of installed electrolyser capacity by 2030. There have been several 
critical regulatory developments for P2X in the EU and United States in 2023, which will significantly support 
renewable hydrogen demand in industry and transportation sectors Renewable P2X will be an important driver 
of global defossilisation for heavy industry and for hard-to-electrify sectors, such as steel, shipping, chemicals 
and refineries. The scale-up of renewable P2X is expected to spark the development of entirely new industries 
and value chains, with companies from various offtake sectors engaging in strategic partnerships with 
renewable energy developers. These trends present significant market opportunities for Ørsted, ideally 
positioned to develop multi-technology projects and cater for the growing customer demand.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Sources for the information in this section: Government websites and press releases, BNEF, New Energy 
Outlook 2022, BNEF Offshore Wind Market Outlook H2 2023, BNEF Global Hydrogen Strategy Tracker 2022, 
IEA.  
The growing role of multi-technology projects 
With governments around the world raising their ambitions and targets for renewable energy build-out, there is 
an ever-growing need for integrating multiple renewable energy technologies. The accelerating green 
transformation requires Ørsted to further broaden its technology platform to remain competitive in the future 
global energy market. Possessing a multi-technology platform is expected to help Ørsted realise scale benefits 
in procurement thanks to the combined build-out in offshore and onshore. Ørsted believes that this will enable 
it to more effectively meet customers’ demands for integrated solutions and enable the delivery of global energy 
offerings to transnational offtake partners that will require certain energy volumes and load profiles in specific 
markets, hence unlocking Ørsted’s access to new markets. Finally, a diversified energy platform should allow 
Ørsted to play a more prominent role in the decarboniation of hard-to-abate sectors, by deploying large-scale 
renewable hydrogen and green fuels across industries. 
Segments 
Offshore 
Ørsted, with more than thirty years of experience, sees itself as a global market leader within the offshore wind 
energy sector. Ørsted’s offshore wind operations are, and continue to be, its core business and a key strategic 
priority. Currently, Ørsted is engaged in developing, constructing and operating its offshore wind farms in the 
UK, Ireland, Germany, France, Denmark, Sweden, Poland, the Netherlands, the United States, Taiwan, South 
Korea and Australia. 
Offshore strategy 
Ørsted’s main strategic focus for Offshore is to: 
 
Maintain its current market leadership in offshore wind with a targeted installed capacity of 
approximately 20-22 GW in 2030; 
 
Maintain global offshore leadership across Europe, the United States and APAC; 
 
Selectively bid and deselect opportunities where value creation is not sufficient. 
Key milestones in 2023 were as follows:  
 
In January 2023, Ørsted applied for permits to develop four large-scale offshore wind farms in Sweden. 
These four projects will together with the Skåne Offshore Wind Farm development project take Ørsted’s 
potential total capacity in Sweden up to 18 GW. 
 
In January 2023, Ørsted agreed to acquire Public Service Enterprise Group´s (“PSEG”) 25 per cent. 
equity stake in the 1,100 MW Ocean Wind 1 offshore wind project in the United States. The acquisition 
is expected to close in May 2024 and provide Ørsted with 100 per cent. ownership of Ocean Wind 1. 
 
In March 2023, the 100 MW Salamander floating offshore wind development projects was awarded an 
exclusivity agreement on the Scottish floating wind lease as part of the Innovation and Targeted Oil and 
Gas leasing round. 
 
In March 2023, Ørsted announced the FID on the 920 MW Greater Changhua 2b and 4 wind farms in 
Taiwan with an expected commercial operating date (“COD”) in 2025.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
In March 2023, Ørsted’s development project Skåne Offshore Wind Farm in Sweden was awarded the 
Natura 2000 permit, and the County Administrative Board recommended that the government grant 
permission for the wind farm. 
 
In April 2023, Ørsted announced a strategic partnership with Acciona, a global engineering and 
construction firm focused on renewables and a leading designer of innovative floating wind foundation 
solutions, in a joint effort to explore options for commercialising floating offshore wind foundations. 
 
In May 2023, Ørsted announced it has entered into an agreement to acquire Eversource Energy’s 50 per 
cent. ownership interest in the uncontracted federal offshore wind lease area which is currently jointly 
owned by the two companies known as lease area 500. In addition to the seabed, which is in early-stage 
development, the agreement also includes contracts and partnerships for key operational assets in the 
Northeast region of the United States. The sale was completed in September 2023. 
 
In May 2023, Ørsted and its partner PGE were awarded an offshore wind seabed lease area in the Polish 
part of the Baltica Sea, located adjacent to the Baltica 2 & 3 projects. The site has a potential capacity 
of approximately 210 MW and is eligible to compete in future offshore wind tenders in Poland. 
 
In June 2023, Ørsted announced its partnership with ESB, an Irish utility company, to jointly develop an 
Irish offshore wind portfolio. Through this partnership, Ørsted becomes a 50/50 partner in a pipeline 
offshore wind development project off the Irish coast, with the potential of delivering of up to 5 GW of 
renewable energy and complementary hydrogen projects. The first of these offshore wind projects is 
expected to compete in the next Irish offshore wind auction, ORESS 2.1. 
 
In July 2023, Ørsted announced that Hornsea 4 offshore wind farm has been granted a development 
consent order to continue development of the project. 
 
In July 2023, Ørsted announced the sale of the jointly owned Hornsea 2 transmission asset to a 
partnership between Diamond Transmission Corporation Limited and HICL Infrastructure PLC. 
 
In August 2023, Ørsted completed the divestment of its remaining 25 per cent. minority interest in 
London Array Offshore Wind Farm located in the UK to Schroeders Greencoat. 
 
In October 2023, Ørsted signed an exclusivity agreement with Cathay Life Insurance as preferred bidder 
for 50 per cent. ownership stake in Greater Changhua 4.  
 
In November 2023, ceased the development of Ocean Wind 1 and Ocean Wind 2. Impairment losses 
Ocean Wind 1 of DKK 19.9 billion was recognised in the Ørsted 2023 Annual Report. A total impairment 
of the United States offshore portfolio of DKK 25.5 billion was recognised in the Ørsted 2023 Annual 
Report. 
 
In November 2023, Ørsted took the FID for the 704 MW Revolution Wind offshore wind farm in the 
United States. 
 
In November 2023, Ørsted secured 1.6 GW electricity business license to exclusively develop an 
offshore wind project of the coast of Incheon, South Korea. 
 
In December 2023, Ørsted completed the divestment of 50 per cent. of the Gode Wind 3 Offshore Wind 
Farm in Germany to funds managed by Glennmont Partners from Nuveen. 
 
In December 2023, Ørsted took the FID on Hornsea 3 offshore wind farm. The wind farm will have a 
capacity of 2.9 GW and is expected to be completed around the end of 2027.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
Major projects and activities in operation 
As of 31 December 2023, Ørsted has installed offshore wind capacity of 8.9 GW in total and 6.7 GW is under 
construction. According to the current build-out plan, the total installed capacity will increase to approximately 
10.8 GW by the end of 2024. In 2023, the power generation from Ørsted’s offshore wind turbines amounted to 
17,761 GWh compared to 16,483 in 2022. The increase was due to higher generation capacity and higher wind 
speeds in 2023 compared to 2022. 
In order to maintain its leading position in the market, Ørsted focuses on maintaining a robust and balanced 
pipeline of offshore wind projects, and to construct, operate and maintain its portfolio of wind farms efficiently. 
Ørsted currently owns operating offshore wind farms in Denmark, the UK, Germany, the Netherlands, Taiwan 
and the United States, while having projects currently under construction in Germany (Borkum Riffgrund 3 and 
Gode Wind 3), Taiwan (Greater Changhua 1 and 2a and Greater Changhua 2b & 4) and the United States (South 
Fork and Revolution Wind). Project development is currently ongoing in Poland, South Korea and Australia. 
The table below presents the operational offshore wind farms that were contructed or are currently owned by 
Ørsted as of 31 December 2023, and includes the ownership interest, location, installed capacity, commercial 
operational date and O&M service provider of each asset: 
Table 5: Ørsted’s offshore wind asset portfolio 
 
Offshore wind farms 
(Country) 
 
Ørsted Equity 
Share (%) 
  
Installed 
capacity 
(Reflecting 
Ørsted’s 
ownership 
interest in MW)
 
 
 
 
Commercial 
Operational 
Date 
(Year) 
 
Operating and 
Maintenance
Service 
Provider 
 
Denmark 
 
 
 
 
 
Nysted .....................................................  
42.75% 
166 
2003 
Ørsted 
Horns Rev 1 ............................................  
40% 
160 
2003 
Vattenfall 
Avedøre Holme .......................................  
100% 
11 
2009/2011 
SGRE 
Horns Rev 2 ............................................  
100% 
209 
2010 
Ørsted 
Anholt .....................................................  
50% 
400 
2013 
Ørsted 
UK 
 
 
 
 
 
Barrow ....................................................  
100% 
45 
2006 
Ørsted 
Burbo Bank .............................................  
100% 
90 
2007 
Ørsted 
Gunfleet Sands 1&2 ................................  
50.1% 
173 
2010 
Ørsted 
Walney 1&2 ............................................  
50.1% 
367 
2011 & 2012 
Ørsted 
Gunfleet Sands 3 .....................................  
100% 
12 
2013 
Ørsted 
London Array(1) .......................................  
25% 
315 
2013 
London Array
Ltd. SGRE, 
James Fisher 
West of Duddon Sands ............................  
50% 
389 
2014 
Ørsted 
Westermost Rough ..................................  
50% 
210 
2015 
Ørsted 
Burbo Bank Extension ............................  
50% 
259 
2017 
Ørsted 
Race Bank ...............................................  
50% 
546 
2018 
Ørsted

--- Page 190 ---
190 
Offshore wind farms 
(Country) 
 
Ørsted Equity 
Share (%) 
  
Installed 
capacity 
(Reflecting 
Ørsted’s 
ownership 
interest in MW)
 
 
 
 
Commercial 
Operational 
Date 
(Year) 
 
Operating and 
Maintenance
Service 
Provider 
 
Walney Extension ...................................  
50% 
659 
2018 
Ørsted 
Hornsea 1 ................................................  
50% 
1,218 
2019 
Ørsted 
Hornsea 2 ................................................  
50% 
1,320 
2022 
Ørsted 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
 
Borkum Riffgrund 1 ................................  
50% 
312 
2015 
Ørsted 
Gode Wind 1 ...........................................  
50% 
332 
2016 
Ørsted 
Gode Wind 2 ...........................................  
50% 
252 
2016 
Ørsted 
Borkum Riffgrund 2 ................................  
50% 
450 
2018 
Ørsted 
Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
 
Borssele 1&2...........................................  
50% 
752 
2020 
Ørsted 
United States 
 
 
 
 
 
Block Island ............................................  
100% 
30 
2016 
Long-term 
partnership
with the OEM 
Taiwan 
 
 
 
 
 
Formosa I, Phase I & II ...........................  
35% 
45 
2017 and 2019 
Long-term 
partnership
with the OEM 
 
Construction pipeline 
As of 31 December 2023, Ørsted has 6,672 MW offshore wind capacity under construction which contributes 
towards the ambition of achieving a total gross installed renewable offshore wind capacity of approximately 
20-22 GW by 2030. Throughout 2023, and expected to continue in 2024, Ørsted has experienced bottlenecks 
in several parts of its supply chains relating to the offshore wind projects for example foundations (monopiles) 
and sea installation services. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ørsted has six offshore wind projects under construction: 
 
Changhua 1 & 2a: In April 2018, through the first Taiwanese non-price-based grid allocation process, 
Ørsted was awarded a total of 900 MW of grid capacity for its Greater Changhua 1 and 2a wind farms. 
The wind farms are covered by a fixed feed-in tariff for twenty years, at 6.279TWD/MWh and 4.142 
TWD/MWh, for the first ten years and then for a further ten years, respectively. FID was announced in 
April 2019 with first power achieved in April 2022 and is expected to be fully completed during 2024. 
The project will deploy 111 8MW SGRE turbines. All turbines are installed, and the wind farms are 
expected to be commissioned in Q1 2024 with a one-year delay due to COVID-19 leading to over a year 
of effective lockdown of installation activities.  
 
Changhua 2b & 4: In June 2018, through the same Taiwanese allocation process as mentioned above, 
Ørsted was also awarded 920 MW of grid capacity for Greater Changhua 2b & 4. Ørsted subsequently 
secured long-term revenues for the projects by signing a CPPA in July 2020 with Taiwan Semiconductor

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Manufacturing Company Limited. The 20-year fixed-price contract period, for the full production 
capacity, starts once Greater Changhua 2b & 4 reaches commercial operations, subject to grid 
availability. FID was announced in March 2023. Manufacturing is ahead of schedule with offshore 
substations close to completion and with the project expected to be fully operational in 2025, although 
the installation schedule is tight with mitigating actions being planned. In October 2023, an exclusivity 
agreement with Cathay Life Insurance was announced selecting the insurance company as the preferred 
bidder for the potential acquisition of a 50 per cent. ownership stake in Greater Changhua 4. 
 
South Fork Wind: The South Fork wind farm was acquired by Ørsted as part of the Deepwater Wind 
transaction. FID was announced on 11 February 2022 and the 130 MW project is expected to be 
completed in Q1 2024. The project is covered by a 20-year PPA and consists of a 50 per cent. partnership 
with Eversource. In February 2024, it was announced that Eversource decided to sell its 50 per cent. 
ownership share in South Fork Wind to Global Infrastructure Partners. 
 
German Programme: Between April 2017 and April 2018, Ørsted was awarded a total capacity of 
1,142 MW in the German North Sea through two transitional German offshore wind auctions. This total 
capacity was initially awarded across five development projects, which comprised of Borkum Riffgrund 
West 1, Borkum Riffgrund West 2, OWP West, Gode Wind 3 and Gode Wind 4 projects. Later, these 
five projects were combined into two projects comprising of (i) Borkum Riffgrund 3, with an installed 
capacity of 913 MW, and (ii) Gode Wind 3, with an installed capacity of 253 MW, totalling an awarded 
capacity of 1,166 MW. FID was announced in December 2021. The construction of Gode Wind 3 is 
progressing as planned with all monopiles installed and COD to be reached in 2024. As for Borkum 
Riffgrund 3, the installation of foundation cables and turbines is planned for 2024 and with an expected 
COD in 2025, but with a compressed schedule due to ramp-up challenges with the supplier of the 
monopiles. The wind farms combined will consist of 106 11MW SGRE turbines. 
 
Hornsea 3 (UK): In July 2022, Ørsted was awarded a CfD for the Hornsea 3 offshore wind farm. The 
project was awarded at an inflation-indexed strike price of GBP 37.35 per MWh in 2012, for a period of 
fifteen years. With a capacity of 2,852 MW, the project will produce enough low-cost, clean and 
renewable electricity to power 3.2 million homes in the UK. Ørsted will build Hornsea 3 including 
transmission assets (offshore and onshore substations and export cables). When the wind farm has been 
fully commissioned, Ørsted will, in accordance with UK regulation, divest the transmission assets to a 
new owner. In December 2023 the FID was taken. Ørsted has increased its focus on contingency and 
mitigation plans ahead of the FID where critical paths are proactively monitored and mitigated. Hornsea 
3 will be located 160km from the Yorkshire coast, and Ørsted expects to commission the wind farm in 
2027. Ørsted has the flexibility to rebid capacity into the UK Allocation Round 6. 
 
Revolution Wind (The Northeast Programme): In November 2023, Ørsted FID on the 704 MW 
Revolution Wind in the United States, where the project is owned in a 50/50 partnership with Eversource. 
Ørsted has signed all major contracts and backup capacity for the delayed Jones Act-compliant vessel. 
In addition, Ørsted is working to secure a second back-up vessel. The project has a strong focus on timely 
monopile delivery. Offshore construction expected to start in Q2 2024, with COD of the project expected 
in 2025. Revolutions 704 MW capacity is fully contracted via five different PPAs. In February 2024, it 
was announced that Eversource decided to sell its 50 per cent. ownership share in Revolution Wind to 
Global Infrastructure Partners. 
The Borkum Riffgrund 3 project was awarded in connection with a zero-subsidy bid, and therefore, the project’s 
revenue will be subject to power price fluctuations. This project is the only subsidy free capacity currently 
secured in Ørsted’s entire offshore wind portfolio. The first steps in decreasing this project’s risk were taken in 
December 2019 through the execution of a fixed price CPPA with Covestro AG for a total capacity 100 MW.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
As of 31 December 2023, the Group has entered into an additional four CPPA agreements with Amazon, REWE, 
Google and BASF, which represents a total volume of 786 MW capacity in connection with the Borkum 
Riffgrund 3 project. While Borkum Riffgrund 3 is a merchant project, Gode Wind 3 will be covered by a fixed 
feed-in tariff at 82 EUR/MWh for a 20-year period. 
Offshore awarded Capacity and Development pipeline 
As of 31 December 2023, Ørsted has been awarded a total of three wind farms (excluding Ocean Wind 1, Ocean 
Wind 2, Skipjack 1 and Skipjack 2), which in aggregate represents a total of 3.7 GW of awarded capacity, where 
further maturing of these projects towards FID are in general proceeding within their timelines and budgets: 
 
Baltica 2 & Baltica 3 (Poland): In April 2021, Ørsted announced that it had been awarded a CfD for 
its Baltica 2 & 3 offshore wind farms located in Poland. These projects will contribute with 1,498 GW 
and 1,045 GW, respectively, of new capacity to Ørsted’s portfolio and Ørsted will be developing these 
two projects in a close partnership with PGE Capital Group, each holding a 50 per cent. ownership in 
both projects. In April 2023, it was announced that Ørsted along with the joint venture PGE have entered 
into a contract with Siemens Gamesa for 107 offshore wind turbines for the Baltica 2 project. Subject to 
the joint venture partners’ FID, Baltica 2 is expected to be completed before the end of 2027 in 
accordance with its current schedule. The Baltica 3 project is under reconfiguration and is expected to 
be commissioned in 2029, subject to FID. In addition, Ørsted was awarded 210 MW of additional seabed 
lease capacity in an area in close proximity to Baltica 2, referred to as Baltica 2+. The area has not 
obtained subsidy contracts but will be considered as part of the Baltica 3 project. 
 
Mid-Atlantic Clusters: The Ørsted sites Garden State Lease and Skipjack Wind are under development 
with a minimal spend. 
 
Lease Area 500: In 2023; Ørsted acquired the full ownership of the Lease Area OCES-A500 in northeast 
United States from Eversource. Lease Area 500 is an uncontracted federal offshore lease area with a 
potential capacity of up to 4 GW. 
 
Sunrise Wind (Northeast Programme): A 924 MW offshore wind farm located in the United States (with 
a 5 per cent. capacity increase option) Sunrise Wind In 2024, Ørsted signed an agreement to acquire 
Eversource´s 50 per cent. share of Sunrise Wind. In February 2024, the Sunrise Wind project was 
conditionally awarded the rights to negotiate a 25-year OREC in the New York 4 solicitation for offshore 
wind. The acquisition is subject to the signing of an OREC contract with New York´s energy agency, 
NYSERDA, entry into long-form acquisitions agreements, receipts of construction and operations plan 
approval, and relevant regulatory approvals. The acquisition would give Ørsted 100 per cent. ownership 
of Sunrise Wind. If the project is not successful in the solicitation, the existing OREC contract for Sunrise 
Wind will be cancelled per the requirements under New York law, and Ørsted’s 50/50 joint venture with 
Eversource will remain in place. In that scenario, the joint venture will evaluate its next steps. 
Ceased Development 
In November 2023, Ørsted ceased the development of the United States offshore wind projects Ocean Wind 1 
and Ocean Wind 2 in the form awarded by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities. In January 2024, in 
consultation with the State of Maryland, Ørsted has decided to withdraw the OREC for the wind project 
Skipjack in Maryland, United States. The development of the project will continue with a low spend. In total, 
the three United States projects amounted to a capacity of 3.2 GW, which Ørsted has removed from its awarded 
capacity.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Divestments, Acquisitions and Project developments 
Ørsted evaluates opportunities in the market on an ongoing basis to carry out strategic divestment, acquisitions 
and project developments and it has successfully applied its partnership model for the purpose of extracting 
value from its projects, recycling of capital and/or diversifying risks by divesting ownership interests to long-
term industrial and financial investors. In 2023, Ørsted completed the divestment of 25 per cent. minority share 
in London Array and the divestment of 50 per cent. of Gode Wind 3. In 2022, Ørsted completed a 50 per cent. 
divestment of the two offshore wind farms Hornsea 2 in the UK and Borkum Riffgrund 3 in Germany. In 2021, 
Ørsted completed the divestment of 50 per cent. of the Borssele 1 & 2 Offshore Wind Farm in the Netherlands 
to Norges Bank Investment. 
An overview of Ørsted’s operational offshore wind farms and projects under constructions, including details 
about turbine type, partners and subsidy schemes can be accessed through the “Our business” section on 
Ørsted’s website https://orsted.com/en/Our-business/Offshore-wind. 
Allocation of offshore wind capacity 
The procurement and allocation of offshore wind projects normally takes place through a public process, which 
is organised as either an auction or a tender process. In auction processes, project developers present one or 
more of their own offshore wind projects. The auction system is normally used as the procurement process in 
the UK, the United States, and to some extent, in Taiwan. Projects are primarily awarded based upon the price 
presented by the auction participants in the bids. However, the public authorities evaluating the submitted bids 
and proposals increasingly take into consideration the local content proposals presented to them. In markets 
such as the UK and United States, a prerequisite for developing an offshore wind project is a lease agreement 
for the relevant seabed area. Seabed lease auctions are driven by the price for which developers are willing to 
pay for the lease agreement, as well as qualitative criteria such as experience and financial stability, among 
others. 
In a tender process, which is typically the preferred procurement method in Denmark, Poland, the Netherlands, 
France, and with examples also in Germany, the regulatory authority presiding over the process is responsible 
for carrying out most of the initial analysis and development steps on the pre-selected construction locations, 
such as the site investigations regarding the wind, seabed and environmental conditions. Typically, the project 
developers who prequalify to submit a bid are required to make lower up-front investments, as compared to 
auction processes, and the risk of not obtaining the necessary authorisations and permits is also lower. The 
regulatory authorities presiding over the process typically awards the project to the bid that presented the lowest 
cost. However, an increasing amount of non-price criteria such as local content proposals may also be taken 
into consideration when selecting a winning bid. 
In recent years, the number of tenders without any subsidy scheme have increased, particularly in Denmark, 
Germany and the Netherlands, giving developers the opportunity to construct and operate the wind farm while 
selling generated power at market prices. Qualitative criteria such as experience, local content, and innovation, 
as well as concession payments or financial bids, are given more weight in these tenders. 
The table below sets forth certain of the expected upcoming tenders for future projects:  
Table 6: Upcoming selected offshore wind auctions and tenders(2) 
Expected Timing 
 
Project 
 
Country 
 
Expected Capacity 
Q1 2024(1)…………………...  
Rhode Island 
 
United States  
~1,200 MW 
Q1 2024(1…………………...  
Connecticut 3 
 
United States  
Up to 2,000 MW 
Q1 2024(1)……...…………....  
Masschusetts 4 
 
United States  
Up to 3,600 MW

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Expected Timing 
 
Project 
 
Country 
 
Expected Capacity 
H1 2024……………………..  
New Jersey 4 
 
Unites States 
 
TBD 
H1 2024 ..................................  
Sørlige Nordsjø II site 1 
 
Norway 
 
1,500 MW 
H1 2024 ..................................  
Taiwan auction 
 
Taiwan 
 
3,000 MW 
H1 2024 ..................................  
Ijmuiden Ver 
 
Netherlands 
 
4,000 MW 
Q3 2024 (tentative RFP issue) 
Maryland 
 
United States  
 
2024 - 2025 ............................  
Danish tender 
 
Denmark 
 
6,000-14,000 MW 
2024 .......................................  
German Tender 
 
Germany 
 
Up to 8,000 MW 
2024 .......................................  
ORESS 2.1 
 
Ireland 
 
900 MW 
2024 .......................................  
CfD AR6 
 
UK 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island plan to coordinate their selection of offshore wind projects and consider 
multi-state proposals in their respective procurements, based on the benefits to each state and the region 
(2) All auction and tender timelines and capacities based on current expectations and subject to change. Timeline reflects 
bid submission deadline, not time of award (unless specifically stated) 
Risk management 
Ørsted has a policy of hedging parts of its merchant power price exposures from both offshore and onshore 
wind projects and solar projects, including any un-subsidised projects, through corporate and wholesale long-
term CPPAs as well as other financial risk mitigating structures – see the section “Risk Management of the 
Group” below for further information on Ørsted’s risk management policies. 
Many corporate customers are interested in greener, cost efficient and more innovative energy solutions. To 
address this demand, the market for CPPAs has experienced considerable growth. Despite remaining a small 
share of the total downstream power market, the global market for CPPAs reached 148 GW by December 2022, 
an increase from 9 GW in 2015, according to BNEF H1 2023 Corporate Energy Market Outlook. As customers 
pursue more sustainable solutions, 44 per cent. of the CPPAs by December 2022 were sourced from wind and 
55 per cent. from solar energy according to the BNEF March 2023 Corporate PPA deal tracker. 
CPPAs play an important role in developing the green transformation as it enables the green power producers 
and business customers to reach their sustainability goals and at the same time offer risk management tools. 
P2X (Renewable Hydrogen and Green Fuels) 
Renewable hydrogen and green fuels are the most recent additions to the global growth platform. Ørsted expects 
renewable hydrogen and green fuels to become a cornerstone in the future energy systems, as a key enabler to 
the decarbonisation of both society and hard-to-abate sectors through green electrification. Significant growth 
is expected in the renewable hydrogen and green fuel segment with a broad range of forecasts for expected 
build-out towards 2030. 
Ørsted’s ambition is to (i) become a regional player in P2X in Europe and in the United States to secure a 
position for market take-off; (ii) target production hubs in Europe and in the United States; and (iii) deliver 
focus in the short to medium term on e-methanol and renewable hydrogen. The technology is expected to be a 
crucial component of the future renewable energy system, but Ørsted also considers it as an interesting 
component in integrated energy solution offerings as part of its auction and tender bids, as a complementary 
offering of the Group’s existing portfolio.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
As of 31 December 2023, Ørsted had two projects under construction which represent a combined total capacity 
of 72 MW. 
 
H2RES: In May 2021, construction work commenced at the H2RES project, which is a demonstration 
project that will produce renewable hydrogen for road transportation from the power generated by 
Ørsted’s two 3.6 MW offshore wind turbines located at Avedøre Holme in Denmark. The H2RES 
production facility will have an electrolyser capacity of 2 MW, along with an integrated hydrogen storage 
and distribution facility. The facility has been designed to demonstrate flexible use of electricity 
produced from offshore wind turbines to produce green hydrogen for zero-emission mobility, and it is 
expected to be Ørsted’s first renewable hydrogen project to become operational. 
 
FlagshipONE: In December 2022, Ørsted approved the FID on the 50,000 tons per year FlagshipONE 
e-methanol project located in Sweden. FlagshipONE will be Ørsted’s first commercial-scale P2X facility 
and is an important stepping-stone towards its ambition of taking a leading position in renewable 
hydrogen and green fuels. FlagshipONE is expected to enter into operation in 2025. In December 2024, 
Ørsted entered into a partnership with Breakthrough Energy Catalyst, the European Commission, and 
the European Investment Bank. Breakthrough Energy Catalyst will acquire 15 per cent. equity share of 
the project, subject to the fulfilment of funding conditions. 
In P2X, Ørsted plans for a leaner development of projects in the United States and Scandinavia. Some of 
Ørsted’s key project developments in recent years are as follows: 
 
In May 2021, Ørsted entered into an agreement with Danish energy distribution company HOFOR to 
source renewable power for the next phases of the Green Fuels for Denmark project from their 250 MW 
offshore wind farm Aflandshage, located in the Southern part of the Øresund strait between Sweden and 
Denmark. It is expected to deliver first power between 2024 and 2025 and targets 50,000 tons of 
sustainable fuels to be produced. The Green Fuels for Denmark project is uniting some of the strongest 
partners in the Danish transport and energy sectors to fulfil Denmark’s ambitious vision for large-scale 
production of renewable hydrogen and green fuels. The project has a potential capacity of 1.3 GW, 
abating up to 850,000 tons of carbon emissions. 
 
In March 2022, Ørsted announced signing of a letter of intent between Ørsted and Maersk to partner on 
a new P2X facility in the United States. Ørsted will develop a 675 MW P2X facility on the United States 
Gulf Coast that will produce approximately 300,000 tons of e-methanol per year to fuel Maersk’s newly 
ordered fleet of 12 methanol-powered vessels.  
 
In July 2022, Green Fuels for Denmark (a P2X company) received IPCEI5 status, which was granted by 
the European Commission to the Green Fuels for Denmark project, thus making the project eligible for 
public funding by the Danish government. In December 2022, the Danish Business Authority awarded 
the project a total of DKK 600 million. Green Fuels for Denmark aims to produce large quantities of 
sustainable green fuels for road, maritime and air transport in the Copenhagen area. The Green Fuels for 
Denmark consortium consist of Ørsted (who is leading the development of the project) and a number of 
major Danish logistics companies with global reach.  
 
In December 2022, the Group signed a letter of intent to jointly develop a large-scale P2X facility with 
Skovgaard Energy in the western region of Denmark. The first phase of the project will have an expected 
electrolysis capacity of 150 MW and will be powered by onshore wind and solar PV. 
 
In October 2023, Ørsted was awarded funding of approximately USD 143 million from the Department 
of Energy as one of seven core industry participants in the United States HyVelocity Hydrogen Hub. The 
vision of the HyVelocity Hub, which has been awarded USD 1.2 billion in total, is to create the nation's 
largest renewable hydrogen hub along the in Gulf Coast.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
Onshore 
Ørsted entered into the United States onshore wind market through the acquisition of Lincoln Clean Energy 
(“LCE”) in October 2018. LCE was a United States based developer, owner and operator of onshore wind and 
solar PV projects and is now integrated into Ørsted as the Onshore business segment that serves as Ørsted’s 
United States platform for creating a leading onshore renewables business spanning onshore wind, solar and 
energy storage, providing a strategic diversification to Ørsted’s asset portfolio. Onshore in the United States 
was further strengthened in May 2019, through the acquisition of the solar and storage development activities 
of Coronal Project Development LLC. 
In June 2021, Ørsted acquired Brookfield Renewable Ireland, an Ireland and UK onshore wind power platform 
with an operating wind project portfolio of 327 MW, 62 MW under construction, 165 MW of advanced 
development projects, and over 1 GW of projects under development. The acquisition marked Ørsted’s entry 
into the broader European onshore market and allows Ørsted to establish a platform of high-potential 
development projects that will contribute to Ørsted’s overall ambition. Ørsted has also leveraged this platform 
to start pursuing solar projects in the same markets. 
In September 2022, Ørsted closed the acquisition of Ostwind, thereby expanding its European onshore activities 
with an onshore wind development platform in Germany and France comprising 152 MW wind capacity in 
operation and under construction, 526 MW in advanced development and over 1 GW of projects under 
development. However, following Ørsted’s acquisition of Ostwind, Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations, a co-
investor in parts of Ostwinds operating portfolio in France, decided to exercise an option to acquire Ostwind’s 
shares (totalling 87 MW) of the projects that Ostwinds and Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations co-owned. 
Together with the entry into the Spanish onshore market in 2022, Ørsted’s onshore renewables platform now 
covers the United States market and five of the largest growth markets in Europe.  
Ørsted continues to grow the onshore portfolio through greenfield development including development 
partnerships, project and platform acquisitions. In addition to the strong development teams in both the 
Americas and Europe, who are working closely with state policy makers, and local stakeholders to ensure 
maximum success across interconnection, permitting and land acquisition. Ørsted’s development team also 
works with grid operators to secure grid access and with local and state regulators to secure permits for projects. 
The approach to development of onshore projects varies by technology, geography, and individual 
circumstances and Ørsted employs a flexible model to development to ensure success. 
In addition, Ørsted acquires projects throughout the development lifetime (early-stage, advanced, under 
construction, at COD and operating assets). Ørsted may also acquire other renewable developers that have an 
operating portfolio, projects under construction or projects under development. Besides the acquisitions of 
projects and platforms, Ørsted also partners with other wind and solar developers to provide equity in order to 
develop early-stage pipeline across key target regions. 
Onshore strategy 
Ørsted’s strategic principles to advance its onshore business segment is (i) to focus on core markets in Europe 
(Germany, Spain, UK and Ireland) and prioritising projects in select energy markets in the United States with 
the goal towards maximising value creation, (ii) to leverage deep regional market expertise and capabilities 
across the organisation to deliver customer solutions, (iii) to diversify earnings given complementarity to 
offshore and shorter timeline from CAPEX to COD. 
Financial regulation and support 
The main form of United States federal support for onshore wind is the PTC. These are tax credits for electricity 
generated by qualified energy resources for the first ten years of operation and are a significant component of 
the overall project economics of an onshore wind project in the United States. The PTC is a production-based

--- Page 197 ---
197 
incentive. The current rate is USD 2.75 per kWh produced (indexed annually for inflation). The rate is adjusted, 
depending on when construction commences, and the project is completed, the wages paid to workers during 
construction, the economic conditions in the communities surrounding the project and the amount of United 
States produced materials incorporated into the project.  
After the Inflation Reduction Act was passed, solar PV projects can elect the PTC or the ITC, whereas stand-
alone storage projects are eligible for the ITC only. The ITC provides a direct tax credit based on a percentage 
of the eligible capital expenditures. The ITC is a one-time credit given at project completion and is equal to 
between 30 per cent. - 50 per cent. of project capital costs. The rate is adjusted depending on when construction 
commences, when the project is completed, the wages paid to workers during construction, the economic 
conditions in the communities surrounding the projects, and the amount of United States produced materials 
incorporated into the project. 
Ørsted monetises ITC and PTC tax credits through tax equity partnerships, which are characterised by a tax 
equity partner who contributes an upfront payment as part of the initial project investment and does not have 
an operational role in the project. The partner receives a contractually agreed return on the contribution and in 
order to ‘repay’ the initial contribution and the return, a disproportionate share of the PTC or ITC are allocated 
to the partner during the first part of the project’s lifetime. The Inflation Reduction Act also includes provisions 
to allow for the transfer of credits on a bilateral basis, such bilateral transfer of credits does not require that the 
credit recipient is a partner in the project entity. 
In Ireland and the UK governmental support for renewable energy is offered as revenue support through feed-
in tariff support schemes, green certificates, contracts for difference allocated via auctions. 
Key milestones in 2023 were as follows: 
 
In January 2023, Ørsted announced the FID on Mockingbird, a 471 MW solar project located in Lamar 
County, Texas, in the United States. Mockingbird has a target commission date in the second half of 
2024. Ørsted has entered into a ten-year PPA with Royal DSM and fifteen-years PPA with both 
Bloomberg and Covestro. With these PPAs, 100 per cent. of Mockingbird’s energy is now contracted. 
 
In March 2023, the Les Dix-Huit project, a 7 MW onshore wind project in France was completed. The 
project was initially acquired as part of the Ostwind acquisition. 
 
In March 2023, Ørsted acquired the Irish solar project Garrenleen, with a total capacity of 160 MW. FID 
on the 81 MW phase 1 was taken in December with expected completion in 2026. Phase 2 (consisting 
of 79 MW) is expected to be completed in 2026, subject to FID. When operational, this solar farm will 
be one of the largest solar farms in the country. Ørsted has secured offtake contracts for phase 1 in the 
Irish Government’s Renewable Electricity Support Scheme 3. 
 
In April 2023, Ørsted entered into a 150 MW power purchase agreement with Google for the sale of 
renewable energy generated by Helena Wind Farm, located in Texas, for the next fifteen years. 
 
In May 2023 upon commissioning, Ørsted signed a CPPA with Meta for the Lisheen 3 onshore wind 
farm (28.8 MW), located in Ireland. As part of the renewable energy purchase agreement, all power from 
Lisheen 3 will be supplied to the national grid, with Meta purchasing the equivalent amount of renewable 
energy generated. 
 
In September 2023, Ørsted entered into its first solar project in the UK. One Earth Solar Farm is a 
proposed 740 MW solar farm with associated battery storage with a planned submission for development 
consent order in 2025. Ørsted is taking a phased ownership in the projects with the achievement of 
certain milestones.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
In September 2023, Ørsted secured two contracts in the Irish Government’s third onshore Renewable 
Electricity Support Scheme for the 81 MW Garreenleen Solar Farm and the 43.2 MW Farranrory 
Onshore Wind Farm. 
 
In September 2023, Ørsted started operations at Sunflower Wind a 201 MW wind farm located in Marion 
County in Kansas. United States Sunflower Wind is Ørsted’s fourth onshore wind farm in the Southwest 
Power Pool energy market and thirteenth operational wind farm in the United States. 
Operational portfolio 
As of 31 December 2023, Ørsted’s Onshore business had a total installed capacity of 4.785 GW consisting of 
onshore wind, solar and battery storage and total 1,579 GW of capacity under construction (excluding 
Farranrory which was FIDed in January 2024). In 2023 Sunflower a 201 MW onshore wind farm in the United 
States went into operation, as well as the three smaller onshore wind farms Lisheen 3, Les Dix Huit and 
Ballykeel. The onshore operational business segment is comprised of (i) 13 large-scale onshore wind in the 
United States which are situated in the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (“ERCOT”), Southwestern Power 
Pool (“SPP”), and Midwest Independent System Operator’s (“MISO”) markets; (ii) 3 large-scale solar and 
storage projects situated in ERCOT and the State Electricity Regulatory Commission region and 31 onshore 
wind projects in Europe; and (iii) 2 solar projects in Europe.  
Onshore has solid offtake counterparties across all projects, including, but not limited to, CPPAs entered into 
with Facebook, Amazon, Allianz, among others, hedging agreements with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, 
renewable energy feed-in tariff contracts in Ireland and the Renewables Obligations Certificates in the UK. In 
the United States, all of Ørsted’s onshore wind and solar projects benefit from PTC or ITC. In France and 
Germany, all projects are currently contracted through government support revenue schemes, however Ørsted 
may consider CPPAs in the future. 
For the financial year 2023, power generation from Ørsted’s onshore assets amounted to 13,374 GWh compared 
to 13,146 GWh in 2022. The increase was mainly due to increased generation at the solar farm Old 300. 
Table 7: Onshore operating projects end 2023 
 
 
Installed
capacity (MW) 
Commercial
operational date 
Subsidy 
regime 
Subsidy 
expiry
Subsidy
qualification
level
Market
USA - Onshore Wind 
 
 
  
  
 
 
Willow Springs  ................... 
250.0 
2017 
PTC 
2027
100% PTC
ERCOT
Amazon ............................... 
253.0 
2017 
PTC 
2027
100% PTC
ERCOT
Tahoka ................................. 
300.0 
2018 
PTC 
2028
100% PTC
ERCOT
Lockett ................................. 
183.8 
2019 
PTC 
2029
100% PTC
ERCOT
Sage Draw ........................... 
338.4 
2020 
PTC 
2030
100% PTC
ERCOT
Plum Creek .......................... 
229.6 
2020 
PTC 
2030
100% PTC
SPP
Willow Creek ....................... 
103.2 
2020 
PTC 
2030
100% PTC
SPP
Western Trail ....................... 
367.0 
2021 
PTC 
2031
100% PTC
ERCOT
Lincoln Land ....................... 
302.0 
2021 
PTC 
2031
100% PTC
MISO
Haystack .............................. 
298.0 
2022 
PTC 
2032
100% PTC
SPP
Helena Energy Center* ........ 
268.0 
2022 
PTC 
2032
100% PTC
MISO
Ford Ridge ........................... 
121.0 
2022 
PTC 
2032
100% PTC
ERCOT
Sunflower Wind ................... 
201.0 
2023 
PTC 
2033
100% PTC
SPP

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
Installed
capacity (MW) 
Commercial
operational date 
Subsidy 
regime 
Subsidy 
expiry
Subsidy
qualification
level
Market
USA – Solar 
 
 
  
  
 
 
Permian Energy Center** .... 
460.0 
2021 
ITC 
n/a
30% ITC
ERCOT
Muscle Shoals*** ................ 
227.0 
2021 
ITC 
n/a
30% ITC
SERC
Old 300**** ........................ 
357.0 
2024 
PTC 
2033
100% PTC
ERCOT
Europe – Onshore Wind 
 
 
 
 
Knockawarriga 1.................. 
22.5 
2008 
CPPA 
2023
—
I-SEM
Knockawarriga 2.................. 
7.5 
2020 
REFIT 2 
2034
—
I-SEM
Booltiagh 1 .......................... 
18.0 
2005 
CPPA 
2028
—
I-SEM
Booltiagh 2 .......................... 
12.0 
2013 
REFIT 1 
2028
—
I-SEM
Smithstown .......................... 
8.0 
2013 
REFIT2 
2028
—
I-SEM
Lisheen 1 ............................. 
36.0 
2009 
REFIT 1 
2024
—
I-SEM
Lisheen 2 ............................. 
24.0 
2013 
REFIT 1 
2028
—
I-SEM
Lisheen 3 ............................. 
29.0 
2023 
CPPA 
2043
—
I-SEM
Garracummer ....................... 
42.5 
2013 
REFIT 1 
2028
—
I-SEM
Ballymartin .......................... 
6.9 
2011 
REFIT 2 
2026
—
I-SEM
Flughland ............................. 
9.2 
2009 
REFIT 1 
2024
—
I-SEM
Inchincoosh.......................... 
32.5 
2009 
REFIT 1 
2024
—
I-SEM
Sillahertane .......................... 
8.5 
2009 
REFIT 1 
2024
—
I-SEM
Sorne 1 ................................. 
32.0 
2006 
REFIT 1 /
CPPA 
2021
—
I-SEM
Sorne 2 ................................. 
6.9 
2009 
REFIT 1 
2024
—
I-SEM
Kilgarvan ............................. 
45.0 
2007 
CPPA 
2028
—
I-SEM
Gneeves ............................... 
9.4 
2006 
Expired 
N/A
—
I-SEM
Mienvee ............................... 
0.9 
2004 
Expired 
N/A
—
I-SEM
Owen Reagh 1 ..................... 
2.5 
1997 
ROCs 
2025
—
I-SEM
Owen Reagh 2 ..................... 
2.6 
2008 
ROCs 
2025
—
I-SEM
Kennoxhead ......................... 
62.0 
2022 
CPPA 
2034
—
Scotland
Amazon Wind ...................... 
16.0 
2023 
CPPA 
2038
UK
L’alemont ............................ 
2.0 
2018 
E14 
2033
—
France
Fond des Saules ................... 
10.0 
2008 
CPPA 
2024
—
France
Le Bois Sapin ...................... 
10.0 
2008 
CPPA 
2024
—
France
Les Sohettes ......................... 
10.0 
2007 
CPPA 
2024
—
France
C2C Fruges .......................... 
2.0 
2009 
E08A 
2024
—
France
Les Dix Huit ........................ 
7.0 
2023 
Merchant 
and the
CFD 
2026-2046
for CFD
—
France
Schiederhof .......................... 
7.2 
2018 
CPPA 
2028
—
Germany
Rotmainquelle ...................... 
15.0 
2015/2016 
CPPA 
2025
—
Germany
Granswang ........................... 
4.6 
2016 
CPPA 
2026
—
Germany
Europe – Solar

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
Installed
capacity (MW) 
Commercial
operational date 
Subsidy 
regime 
Subsidy 
expiry
Subsidy
qualification
level
Market
Les Abeilles ......................... 
3.8 
2022 
FV16SCR 
2042
—
France
Altenschwand ...................... 
10.4 
2022 
CPPA 
2024
—
Germany
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source: Group Information 
Notes: 
 
* 
Only the wind portion of the assets. 
** 
Including storage 40MVAC 
*** 
In Q4, 2022, 50 per cent. of the ownership stake was divested, Ørsted remains having control of the company after the divestment and continues to consolidate the company 
100 per cent. 
**** 
Approximately 80 per cent. of the park has been installed 
 
Construction Pipeline 
Ørsted has a robust pipeline of onshore projects and is targeting operational capacity of 11-13 GW in aggregate 
by the end of 2030. In order to achieve the target, Ørsted has developed a substantiated pipeline, which consists 
of projects in which Ørsted has already secured land through acquisitions, leases or options, and secured access 
or progressed towards connection to the energy grid.  
As of 31 December 2023, Ørsted’s onshore segment has eleven projects with an aggregate capacity of 1.6 GW 
(excluding Farranrory) under construction: 
 
Old 300 (United States): In November 2020, Ørsted took FID on its largest solar PV project to date, 
the Old 300 project, near Houston, Texas. The 430 MW project is currently under construction with 73 
MW remaining as of 31 December 2023 and is expected to be completed in Q3 2024. The project is 
partly commissioned. 
 
Sparta Solar (Helena Energy Center) (United States): Ørsted is also constructing Helena Energy 
Center in ERCOT, a 518 MW project comprised of co-located wind (268 MW) and solar (250 MW) 
assets. Currently, the project’s onshore wind assets are eligible for 80 per cent. PTC, and the solar power 
assets are eligible for 100 per cent. ITCs. During 2021, Ørsted secured financing commitments from tax 
equity investors for both phases of the project. Ørsted expects to use Vestas V150 4.2 MW wind turbines 
for the project, which provides further technology diversification in Ørsted’s operating wind project 
portfolio. It is Ørsted’s largest United States onshore project to date, which combine both wind and solar. 
The wind part commissioned in the second quarter of 2022 and the solar part is expected to reach 
commercial operation in first half of 2024. The project has secured a 150 MW power purchase agreement 
with Google for the sale of renewable energy generated by the wind for the next fifteen years. 
 
Eleven Mile (United States): In August 2022, Ørsted took FID on Eleven Mile, a 300 MW solar and 
1,200 MWh battery energy storage system project located in Arizona. Construction is on track with an 
expected COD in Q1 2024. 
 
St. Wendel (Germany): Ørsted has taken FID on St. Wendel a 17 MW CfD awarded onshore wind 
project in Germany with expected COD in 2025 
 
Amberg Süd (Germany): Ørsted has taken FID on Amberg Süd a 3.8 MW solar project in Germany. 
 
Mockingbird (United States): In January 2023, Ørsted took FID on Mockingbird, a 471 MW solar 
project located in Lamar County, Texas. Mockingbird has a target COD in the second half of 2024 and 
has entered into a PPA with DSM for partial offtake of the capacity.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
Bahren West I (Germany): Acquired as part of the Ostwind transaction, Ørsted took FID on Bahren 
West I in December 2022. Bahren West I has a capacity of 50 MW and represents Ørsted’s first onshore 
project FID in Germany. The project has an expected commission date towards the end of 2024. 
 
Delta Sèvre-Argent (France): Acquired as part of the Ostwind transaction, Ørsted took FID on Delta 
Sèvre-Argent in December 2022. The onshore wind project has a capacity of 9 MW and is expected to 
COD in early 2024. The project has secured offtake through a CfD agreement in France. 
 
Gatineau (France): Acquired as part of the Ostwind transaction, Ørsted took FID on Gatineau in 
December 2022. The onshore wind project has a capacity of 9 MW and is expected to COD in 2024. 
The project has secured offtake through a CfD agreement in France. 
 
Les Ramoniéres (France): Ørsted has taken FID on Les Ramoniéres a 15 MW CfD awarded onshore 
wind project in France. 
 
Garrenleen (Ireland): In March 2023, Ørsted acquired the Irish solar project Garrenleen,with a total 
capacity of 160 MW. FID on the 81 MW phase 1 was taken in December with expected completion in 
2026. Phase 2 (consisting of 79 MW) is expected to be completed in 2026, subject to FID. When 
operational, this solar farm will be one of the largest solar farms in the country. Ørsted has secured 
offtake contracts for phase 1 in the Irish Government´s Renewable Electricity Support Scheme 3. 
 
In January 2024, Ørsted took FID on Farranrory Onshore Wind Farm, a 43.2MW in Ireland with an expected 
COD in 2026. The Project was awarded an average strike price of EUR 100.47 per MWh under the Irish 
Government´s Renewable Electricity Support Scheme 3. 
Divestments, Acquisitions and Project Developments 
Ørsted evaluates opportunities in the market on an ongoing basis to carry out strategic divestment, acquisitions 
and project developments and it has successfully applied its partnership model for the purpose of extracting 
value from its projects, recycling of capital and/or diversifying risks by divesting ownership interests to long-
term industrial and financial investors. 
Ørsted United States trading unit currently manages the onshore capacity, but will manage all offshore segment 
market exposures, where significant additional capacity will come online over the coming years. 
Ørsted continues to evaluate opportunities for farm downs and selling off some smaller scale development 
assets in the pipeline. Onshore has been engaged with the offshore farm down team to leverage their experience, 
relationships, and best practices.  
In Europe, Ørsted continually engages with wind and solar developers in search of value creating projects or 
pipeline acquisitions, as well as co-development opportunities. Discussions with wind and solar developers to 
explore the possibility of partnering for early-stage pipeline across key target regions are ongoing. Ørsted has 
successfully applied the partnership approach to expand into Spain, a growing market in Europe in which four 
partnerships have been entered. Ørsted believes that this approach is faster compared to market/country-specific 
greenfield platform/pipeline development. In addition, Ørsted continues to explore partnership opportunities 
across the United States and in Ørsted’s four core markets in Europe, being Germany, Spain, the UK and Ireland. 
Bioenergy and Other 
Bioenergy’s core activities are producing and selling district heating, power and ancillary services relating to 
Ørsted’s Danish portfolio of combined heat and power (“CHP”) plants, as well as market activities such as 
managing Ørsted’s overall energy portfolio. This segment also provides similar market services to the offshore

--- Page 202 ---
202 
project partners and other external parties, to increase revenues while utilising its existing resources. As of 31 
December 2023, Ørsted has installed capacity of 2,075 MW within Bioenergy & Other. 
In addition to bioenergy, which includes the recently awarded carbon-capture and storage project named “Ørsted 
Kalundborg Hub”, this segment comprises of market activities such as managing the overall energy portfolio, 
executing commodity hedge strategies and selling parts of the physical energy production to the market. The 
segment also includes Ørsted’s legacy natural gas wholesale portfolio and ownership and operation of offshore 
natural gas pipelines and oil infrastructure used by oil and gas producers in the Danish part of the North Sea. 
District heating is sold through the use of long-term contracts entered into with Danish district heating 
distribution companies. The demand in Denmark for commercial, industrial and residential heat is largely met 
through a district heating system that has been built out over several decades. The majority of the development 
and expansion of this system took place in the 1980s in order to decrease Danish dependence on imported fuels. 
Since 2000, the Danish district heating market has, to a significant degree, converted from fossil fuels to 
biofuels. 
The power generated and sold through this segment is traded on the wholesale market via NordPool, the Nordic 
power exchange. The ancillary services provided are offered and sold through various Danish and Nordic 
market platforms managed by the Danish TSO Energinet. Therefore, an important driver behind the profitability 
of this segment’s operations is the supply and demand balance observed in the Nordic region, which is subject 
to factors such as wind speed, temperature and the volume of water in reservoirs determining Norwegian and 
Swedish hydro-power capacities. 
The key assets are located in Denmark and are comprised of eight large-scale CHP plant units. In addition, the 
Danish portfolio of thermal power plants also comprises the H.C. Ørsted and Svanemøllen power plants located 
in Denmark, which primarily generates heat, and the Kyndby plant, which is a peak load power plant.  
The table below presents the total power and heat capacities of Ørsted’s individual plants and units operating 
under this segment as of 31 December 2023, which are all wholly-owned by Ørsted. 
Table 8: Heat and power plants capacities as of 31 December 2023 
Plants 
 
Type 
Fuel type 
Biomass
conversion 
Heat 
generation 
capacity
(MW (th)) 
Heat 
generation 
capacity 
based on
biomass
(MW (th)) 
Power 
generation 
capacity
(MW (e)) 
Avedøre Power Station (Unit 1) ........................  
CHP 
Pellets, coal,
fuel oil 
2016 
370.0 
370.0 
258.0 
Avedøre Power Station (Unit 2) ........................  
CHP 
Pellets, straw,
gas, fuel oil 
2014 
583.0 
503.0 
548.0 
Asnæs Power Station (Unit 6) ...........................  
CHP 
Wood chips,
gas oil 
2019 
125.0 
125.0 
26.0 
Esbjerg Power Station (Unit 3)(1) .......................  
CHP 
Coal, fuel oil 
n.a. 
444.0 
— 
373.0 
Herning Power Station ......................................  
CHP 
Pellets, chips, 
gas 
2009 
191.0 
191.0 
88.0 
Skærbæk Power Station (Unit 3) .......................  
CHP 
Wood chips,
gas, gas oil 
2017 
579.3 
329.5 
390.0 
Studstrup Power Station (Unit 3)(2) ....................  
CHP 
Pellets, straw,
coal, fuel oil 
2016 
513.0 
513.0 
362.0 
H.C. Ørsted Power Station ................................  
CHP 
Gas 
n.a. 
292.0 
— 
21.0 
Svanemølle Power Station.................................  
Heat 
Gas 
n.a. 
256.0 
— 
— 
Kyndby and Masnedø Power Station.................  
Power 
Gas oil 
n.a. 
— 
— 
474.0 
Total .................................................................  
 
 
 
3,353.3 
2,031.5 
2,800.0

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Esbjerg Power Station was scheduled to be decommissioned on 31 March 2023. The Danish government ordered the plant to continue operations to 
ensure the security of the electrical supply in Denmark until 31 August 2024. 
(2) 
Studstrup Power Station, Unit 4 was last in operation in March 2022. The Danish government has ordered the plant to continue operations to ensure 
the security of electrical supply in Denmark until 30 June 2024. The heat generation capacity and power generation capacity is 485 MW(th) and 357 
MW(e), respectively, on Unit 4. 
 
The thermal power generation from Bioenergy & Other in the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to 4,437 
GWh, representing a decrease of 26 per cent., as compared to 6,012 GWh generated in the year ended 31 
December 2022, mainly driven by lower condensing generation due to lower power prices and market spreads 
compared to 2022.  
Additionally, the total heat generated and delivered to Danish households and industries, through Danish district 
heating distribution companies, amounted to 6,587 GWh in the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an 
increase of 3 per cent., as compared to 6,368 GWh generated in the year ended 31 December 2022. This increase 
was due to colder weather. The portfolio of thermal power plants uses primarily biomass to generate heat and 
power, but also uses coal, natural gas and to some extent, gas oil and fuel oil. 
Ørsted’s portfolio of CHP plants uses primarily biomass to generate heat and power, but also coal, natural gas 
and to some extent gas oil and fuel oil. 
Table 9: Fuels used in thermal heat and power generation 
Fuel Type 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
2020 
 
 
(GWh) 
 
Sustainable Biomass .................................... 
10,074 
11,258 
14,976 
9,440 
Coal ............................................................. 
3,782 
6,677 
5,471 
4,444 
Natural gas ................................................... 
746 
289 
920 
1,229 
Oil ................................................................ 
162 
425 
192 
193 
Total ............................................................ 
14,764 
18,649 
21,559 
15,306 
 
Ørsted intended that by 2023, it will have phased out coal entirely as fuel for the power stations, and has already 
converted most of its CHP plants from fossil fuels to sustainable biomass. However, due to the current 
challenges facing European energy supplies, the Danish authorities have ordered Ørsted to continue and resume 
operations of three of its power station units which use oil and coal as fuel. This applies to unit 3 at Esbjerg 
Power Station and unit 4 at Studstrup Power Station, which both use coal as their primary source of fuel, and 
unit 21 at Kyndby Peak Load Plant, which uses oil as fuel. The two latter units had already been 
decommissioned and preserved, whereas Esbjerg Power Station was scheduled to be decommissioned on 31 
March 2023. The decision was taken to ensure the security of the electricity supply in Denmark until 30 June 
2024 for Kyndby Peak Load Plant and until 31 August 2024 for unit 3 at Esbjerg Power Station and unit 4 at 
Studstrup Power Station, which means that Ørsted’s goal of becoming carbon-neutral by 2025 remains in place, 
but Ørsted had to delay the 2023 zero coal target to 2025.  
Heat generation remains an important business in the Bioenergy & Other segment. The heat generated is 
primarily sold to municipal district heating companies subject to long-term contracts, which ensures a stable 
offtake of heat from all heat-producing plants. The heat contracts cover the full lifetime of the respective plants. 
Ørsted’s earnings from heat sales comprise several elements. Overall, the heating companies pay variable and

--- Page 204 ---
204 
fixed prices for the heat that is generated and sold to them. The variable heat prices are dependent on fuel prices 
and thus ensures that the heating companies cover the variances in fuel costs related to the heat production. The 
fixed heat prices consist primarily of the heating companies’ share of CAPEX (such as the CAPEX related to 
bio conversions or lifetime extension of the plants), their share of OPEX (such as fixed costs related to the 
operation and maintenance of plants) and the compensation for forced operation (for example, in situations with 
very low power prices where it is not profitable for Ørsted to produce, but in which it is necessary to produce 
power to meet the heat demand). 
Ørsted remains focused on ensuring flexible and efficient operations of its Danish portfolio of heat and power 
plants, and consequently, helping to achieve a balance in the Danish energy system following the expansion of 
wind- and solar-generation capacity installed in Denmark. This focus includes a continuous optimisation of 
Ørsted’s power plant portfolio. Currently, Ørsted is advanced in the process of shifting from coal and natural 
gas to sustainable biomass as fuel used in Ørsted’s thermal heat and power plants. 
Project construction and developments, Divestments and Acquisitions 
Ørsted continues to pursue new growth opportunities in the bioenergy sector. New opportunities consist of 
carbon capture (the process of capturing CO2 from emissions when burning fuel) as well as carbon-credit 
projects to ensure that Ørsted will achieve carbon-neutrality. Opportunities are evaluated in the market on an 
ongoing basis to carry out strategic divestment, acquisitions and project developments and it has successfully 
applied its partnership model and strategies for the purpose of extracting value from ongoing projects.  
In December 2023, Ørsted begun the construction of Ørsted’s first CCS project, also called “Ørsted Kalundborg 
CO2Hub”. The project has been awarded a 20-year contract by the Danish Energy Agency. The project entails 
that Ørsted will establish carbon capture at its wood chip-fired Asnæs Power Station in Kalundborg and at the 
Avedøre Power Station’s straw-fired boiler. During 2025, the Asnæs and Avedøre combined heat and power 
plants will begin to capture and store biogenic carbon, and at the beginning of 2026, the two units will capture 
and store approximately 430,000 tons of biogenic CO2 every year. 
In February 2024, Ørsted entered into an agreement with Danish district heating companies VEKS and CTR to 
utilise surplus heat from carbon capture at Avedøre Power Station. 
Ørsted has initiated the process of identifying new owners of its Renescience business, including the waste 
treatment facility in Northwich in the UK. 
Trading and Revenue 
Main strategy 
Trading & Revenue enables Ørsted profitability and green growth by managing market risk, delivering value-
adding route-to-market and optimising current and future revenue. Thus, the team:  
 
Provides an efficient route-to-market for Ørsted and selected third parties by offering services such as 
power balancing and green certificates trading; 
 
Manages market exposure and risk for Ørsted’s energy portfolio through commodity trading, long-term 
PPAs and other risk management activities; and 
 
Optimises Ørsted’s natural gas portfolio.  
Route-to-market 
 
The route to markets team is responsible for delivering power to the market and balancing the power 
from day ahead until delivery. This is effectively done by continuously updating expected production 
forecasts and trading accordingly in the market.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Green certificates are traded bilateral according to the practises across Europe – that includes both ROCs 
and the Renewable Guarantee of Origin in the UK as well as European wide certificates. 
Gas Business 
Trading and Revenue also has a gas portfolio with activities in the northwest European gas markets (primarily 
Denmark, Sweden, Germany and the Netherlands). The gas portfolio is optimised through a combination of 
long-term gas purchase contracts, storage facilities, traded markets and route to market activities. The business 
is centred around a number of natural gas sourcing contracts, including contracts for the majority of the Danish 
Underground Consortium’s production from the Danish North Sea (until 2042). Trading and Revenue sells gas 
and power to business-to-business (“B2B”) customers in Denmark and Sweden, sells gas to wholesale 
customers and has a portfolio of capacity agreements for natural gas storage facilities in Denmark and Germany. 
The most significant of these are longer-term storage user agreements on capacity located in Germany and in 
the Netherlands and relate to annual volumes of 3.5 TWh at Etzel EKB (until 2026) and 1.3 TWh at Nüttermoor 
(until 2025). For Etzel EKB Ørsted is not only a storage user but also a joint venture partner in the long-term 
leasing of the salt caverns (until 2041). In addition to the longer-term contracts for gas sourcing and gas storages, 
the gas business includes a number of shorter-term contracts for trading storages and other flexibility structures, 
as well as several biogas sourcing contracts ranging in length from one to fifteen years with annual volumes of 
up to 0.5 TWh. Ørsted’s gas sourcing contracts are handled as a low-risk, stable margin business. The storage 
positions however have an upside potential at realised high volatility in gas prices. 
As of February 2023, Ørsted has terminated its long-term gas purchase contract with Gazprom Export, which 
was entered into in 2006. Gazprom Export halted gas supplies on 1 June 2022, and Ørsted has not received gas 
from Gazprom Export since then. The termination marks the end of Ørsted’s contractual relations with Gazprom 
Export. 
To minimise risk to Ørsted and its gas customers, which are primarily large companies in Denmark and Sweden, 
Ørsted has entered into an agreement with Equinor under which Equinor will supply Norwegian gas to Denmark 
via the Baltic Pipe during the period from 1 January 2023 to 1 April 2024. This follows the announcement by 
DUC partners of a further delay in the redevelopment of the major Danish Tyra gas-field, situated in the Danish 
North Sea, which has been shut down since September 2019, with gas production now expected to be resumed 
early in 2024.  
Energy Sales 
Gas sales: In 2023, gas sales totalled 16,880 GWh when compared to 2022, this represents a decrease of 47 per 
cent. This was primarily due to lower UK sourcing volumes, mainly due to the phasing out of Ørsted’s UK B2B 
activities as well as expired contracts. It was also due to Gazprom Export's suspension of its gas supplies to 
Ørsted on 1 June 2022 and Ørsted's subsequent termination of the supply contract during Q1 2023.  
Power sales (Bioenergy and Other): In 2023, power sales totalled 2,327 GWh when compared to 2022, this 
represents a decrease of 2,772 GWh.  
Other activities – Danish oil and gas Infrastructure 
Ørsted owns and operates offshore natural gas pipelines and oil infrastructure used by oil and gas producers in 
the North Sea. The upstream gas and oil pipelines enable the transportation of natural gas to Denmark and crude 
oil from fields on the Danish shelf to the oil terminal in Fredericia, Denmark. It has been decided that Ørsted 
shall on market terms seek to divest its Oil Pipeline Business and offshore gas pipeline activities to Energinet 
at an appropriate time.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
Finance and Liquidity 
Anticipated Future Investments 
Ørsted’s strategy is supported by a range of investment opportunities capitalising on core competencies within 
Ørsted’s business areas. Ørsted’s investment portfolio consists both of projects which have been approved for 
investment by the Board of Directors and projects that are still being considered for approval. 
Ørsted expects DKK 270 billion gross investment program between 2024 and 2030. The gross investments for 
2024 are expected to amount to DKK 48-52 billion. 
Currently, Ørsted’s investment programme is primarily related to: 
 
substantial and continuing investments in the development, construction and maintenance of offshore 
wind projects in the UK, Germany, the Netherlands, Denmark, Poland, North America and Asia; 
 
investments in the development, construction and maintenance of onshore wind, Solar PV and energy 
storage projects in United States, Ireland, Germany, France, Spain and other countries where Onshore 
conducts business; 
 
investments in Bioenergy activities comprising conversion and maintaining of remaining coal fired 
plants, as well as other opportunities to reach carbon neutrality including carbon capture projects; and 
 
investments in P2X (renewable hydrogen and green fuels). 
Anticipated Divestments 
Ørsted plans to accelerate the use of partnership and divestment and to make further divestments of ownership 
interests in renewables energy projects being developed, constructed or in operation to recycle investment 
capital into new construction projects or if viewed by Ørsted as being either value creating or risk reducing. 
Liquidity and cash position 
As of 31 December 2023, Ørsted’s total available liquidity reserve made up DKK 90.7 billion, which consisted 
of available cash and cash equivalents in the form of short-term bank deposits of DKK 10.1 billion and liquid 
assets in the form of securities, primarily liquid AAA-rated Danish mortgage bonds and, to a lesser extent, 
investment-grade corporate bonds, including hybrid bonds, of DKK 29.5 billion. Ørsted’s liquidity reserve also 
includes available committed credit facilities and undrawn loan agreements with maturities above 12 months 
entered into with Ørsted’s Scandinavian, international and Taiwanese banks, which includes a EUR 2.0 billion 
syndicated liquidity back-stop facility with maturity in 2028, a EUR 2.0 billion syndicated facility maturing in 
2026, a TWD 25.0 billion syndicated green revolving credit facility entered into with 15 banks in Taiwan by 
the Group’s Taiwanese subsidiary Taiwan Orsted Financial Services Ltd guaranteed by Ørsted A/S (which was 
partly drawn as of 31 December 2023) and a number of committed bilateral bank credit facilities maturing in 
2025. This compares to a total available liquidity reserve in the amount of DKK 97.8 billion as of 31 December 
2022. 
In addition, as of 31 December 2023, Ørsted had committed bilateral bank credit facilities with remaining 
maturity of less than twelve months totalling an aggregate amount of DKK 6.6 billion. 
During 2022, the liquidity reserve was in particular built up to ensure sufficient liquidity to cope with collateral 
postings relating to Ørsted’s power and gas hedges and to support Ørsted’s continued investments in the green 
transformation. For the purpose of ensuring an adequate liquidity reserve at all times, Ørsted has defined a 
minimum liquidity reserve requirement in line with rating agency requirements. Ørsted’s investment policy 
relating to the liquidity position is focused on limiting the credit risks and exposure to volatility in interest rates 
and currency exchange rates.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
As of 31 December 2023, Ørsted’s collateral and margin postings related to initial margin and variation margin 
relating to energy hedges and credit support annex relating to non-exchange traded hedges (relating to currency, 
inflation, and interest rate hedges) was reduced to DKK 7.9 billion compared to DKK 17.3 billion as of 31 
December 2022. The decline was primarily driven by a decrease in power and gas prices. 
Funding of the Group Investments 
Ørsted’s capital expenditures are generally financed through cash flow from operations, the proceeds from farm 
down of owner-share in power producing assets and debt financing raised from banks and the issuance of bonds 
and hybrid capital securities in debt capital markets. 
In 2017, Ørsted established its Green Bond Framework, which in April 2019 was updated to a Green Finance 
Framework thereby expanding the Framework to also cover green bank loans and other types of debt 
instruments. The Green Finance Framework was most recently updated in May 2022, in alignment with the 
2021 Green Bond Principles and the 2021 Green Loan Principles, published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, Asia Pacific Loan Market Association and the Loan Syndications and Trading 
Association. Proceeds from securities issued by Ørsted labelled as “Green Bonds” or allocated to green energy 
projects will be applied in accordance with the Green Finance Framework. The Green Finance Framework sets 
out, amongst other things, the type of projects and investments that are eligible for proceeds raised from Green 
Bonds or green financing instruments, the process for selection and allocation of proceeds to eligible green 
projects and how Ørsted will manage and report on the allocation and impact of its green bonds and financing 
instruments. 
Ørsted’s 
Green 
Finance 
Framework 
is 
available 
on 
Ørsted’s 
website 
at 
https://orsted.com/en/investors/debt/green-financing.  
CICERO has issued a second-party opinion regarding Ørsted’s Green Finance Framework. The Green Finance 
Framework, the CICERO Opinion and associated reporting are available on Ørsted’s website at 
https://orsted.com/en/investors/debt/green-financing. 
It is Ørsted’s policy to primarily finance the Group’s activities out of the Group parent company, Ørsted A/S. 
The finance policy focuses on (i) no subordination of senior debt, (ii) maintaining lower financing costs, (iii) 
striving for higher scalability and flexibility in regard to financial terms, (iv) maintaining simple and transparent 
debt structures, and (v) taking advantage of cost-efficient financing as a result of Ørsted’s favourable credit 
ratings. 
However, in relation to entering new markets, Ørsted may to some extent take up local currency debt through 
a subsidiary, with such debt being backed by an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee from Ørsted A/S. 
Currently, Ørsted A/S is guaranteeing the obligations of Ørsted Wind relating to the five senior bonds issued by 
it in Taiwan for an aggregate nominal amount of NTD 27 billion maturing between 2026 and 2040. Ørsted A/S 
is also guaranteeing the obligations of Taiwan Orsted Financial Services Ltd. relating to the NTD 25 billion 5-
year revolving credit facility maturing in August 2026 taken up with domestic banks in Taiwanese. 
Furthermore, in support of the ratings of Ørsted Salg & Service A/S by Moody’s and Ørsted Wind by Taiwan 
Ratings, Ørsted has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed to any person with whom Ørsted Salg & Service 
A/S or Ørsted Wind, respectively, has transacted (for the purposes of this paragraph, a “Beneficiary”) all actual 
or contingent, present or future obligations and liabilities which are due, owed or payable by Ørsted Salg & 
Service A/S or Ørsted Wind, respectively, to the Beneficiaries. 
For the purposes of ranking creditors of Ørsted Wind pari passu with the creditors of Ørsted, Ørsted Wind has 
issued an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee, guaranteeing to any owner or investor in (a) any senior 
bonds issued by Ørsted under its EUR 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme and (b) senior bonds issued 
under bond documentation other than the Debt Issuance Programme and other existing or future interest bearing 
senior debt obligations entered into with banks and other lenders (for the purposes of this paragraph, a

--- Page 208 ---
208 
“Beneficiary”) all actual or contingent, present or future obligations and liabilities which are due, owed or 
payable by Ørsted to the Beneficiaries including without limitation all principal, interest, fees, other costs and 
expenses incurred by the Beneficiaries in relation to such debt liabilities. The total liabilities of Ørsted Wind 
relating to any senior debt listed under (b) above is limited to EUR 15.0 billion in aggregate. 
In connection with entering into new markets, Ørsted may deviate from its financing strategy and apply non-
recourse project financing on a case-by-case basis depending on the risk relating to a project, partner 
preferences, structuring possibilities or other factors. 
As of 31 December 2023, Ørsted’s total interest-bearing debt made up DKK 92.6 billion including tax equity 
liabilities, lease liabilities and other interest-bearing debt (DKK 111.7 billion including hybrid capital issues), 
while the total interest-bearing net debt made up DKK 47.4 billion, which compares to DKK 77.7 billion (DKK 
97.5 billion including hybrid capital issues) and DKK 30.6 billion, respectively, as at end of December 2022.  
Tables 10 and 11 below shows the development in Ørsted’s gross debt and the maturity profile. 
Table 10: Bank and bond debt development, Ørsted group  
 
 
Year End 
 
 
 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Bank loans including repo loans .....................  
3.5(5) 
5.8 
16.3(3) 
8.9(2) 
9.0(1) 
Bonds issued ...................................................  
33.1 
35.2 
34.9 
54.8 
71.1 
Hybrid capital .................................................  
13.2(5) 
13.2(4) 
18.0(3) 
19.8(2) 
19.1(1) 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
(2) 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. 
(3) 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
(4) 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
(5) 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
Table 11: Maturity profile of senior bonds and bank debt as of 31 December 2023, Ørsted group(6)  
  
 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028-2030 
2031-2035 
2036+ 
 
 
(DKK billion) 
 
Bank loans ....................  
0.4 
0.0 
3.4 
0.0 
5.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Bonds issued .................  
0.0 
0.0 
6.1 
3.9 
16.0 
34.2 
11.0 
Total .............................  
0.4 
0.0 
9.5 
3.9 
21.0 
34.2 
11.0 
 
Notes: 
 
Unaudited information provided as of 31 December 2023 and prepared by Ørsted.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
Credit Ratings 
Ørsted is rated by Moody’s, S&P, Fitch and Taiwan Ratings. As at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Moody’s ratings were Baal for Ørsted’s corporate and senior debt ratings, and Baa3 for Ørsted’s hybrid 
capital securities.5 On 13 February 2024, Moody’s affirmed Ørsted’s ratings and with the outlook 
remaining at “negative”. 
 
Ørsted’s corporate and senior debt ratings from S&P were BBB, and BB for Ørsted’s hybrid capital 
securities.6 On 7 February 2024, S&P downgraded Ørsted to BBB with stable outlook 
 
Fitch’s ratings were BBB+ for Ørsted’s corporate and senior debt ratings, and BBB- for Ørsted’s hybrid 
capital securities.7 On 20 February 2024, Fitch reaffirmed the rating at BBB+ and revised the outlook to 
“stable”. 
 
Moody’s has also provided a rating for Ørsted Salg & Service A/S, which as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus was Baa1. On 13 February 2024, Moody’s affirmed Ørsted Salg & Service A/S’s rating and 
with the outlook remaining at “negative”. 
 
Taiwan Ratings has provided Ørsted and Ørsted Wind with a long-term issuer credit rating which as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus was twAA- (stable outlook).8 In February 2024, Ørsted and Ørsted Wind 
was downgraded to twAA- (“stable” outlook) from twAA. Taiwan Ratings is not established in the EEA 
and is not certified under the CRA Regulation and the rating it has given to Ørsted and Ørsted Wind is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
 
AM Best Ratings has provided Ørsted Insurance A/S with an individual financial rating which as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus was A- (stable outlook) 9. AM Best Ratings is established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
 
5  Moody’s defines Baa1 for issuers as follows: Obligations rated ‘Baa’ are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and 
as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody’s defines Baa for obligations as follows: Obligations rated ‘Baa’ are judged to 
be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody’s appends numerical 
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher 
end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that 
generic rating category. 
6 
S&P defines BBB for issuers as follows: An obligor rated ‘BBB’ has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments. S&P 
defines ‘BBB’ for obligations as follows: An obligation rated ‘BBB’ exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation. 
S&P defines BB for obligations as follows: An obligation rated ‘BB’ is less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues. However, 
it faces major ongoing uncertainties or exposure to adverse business, financial, or economic conditions that could lead to the obligor’s 
inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation. The ratings from ‘AA’ to ‘CCC’ may be modified by the addition of 
a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the rating categories. 
7  Fitch defines BBB+ for issuers as follows: 'BBB' ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment 
of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. Fitch 
defines BBB and BBB- for obligations as follows: A ‘BBB’ rating indicates that expectations of credit risk are currently low. The capacity for 
payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
The modifiers plus or minus may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories. 
8 
Taiwan Rating defines twAA- for issuers as follows: An obligor rated ‘twAA’ differs from the highest rated obligors (twAAA) only to a small 
degree and has very strong capacity to meet its financial commitments relative to other Taiwanese obligors. The issuer credit rating is a 
forward-looking opinion about the overall capacity of a debt issuer, guarantor, or other provider of credit-enhancement (“obligor”) to meet its 
financial obligations relative to other obligors in the Taiwanese domestic financial markets. Ratings from ‘twAA’ to ‘twCCC’ may be modified 
by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the rating categories. 
9 
AM Best defines A/A- ratings assigned to insurance companies as follows: Assigned to insurance companies that have an excellent ability to 
meet their ongoing insurance obligations.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
Risk Management of the Group 
As part of the normal operations, Ørsted encounters, in addition to general operational and business risks, a 
number of different areas of risk, including market fluctuations in commodity prices, currency exchange rates, 
interest rates, inflation rates as well as credit and insurance, among others. The purpose of Ørsted’s risk 
management activity is to identify the various areas of risk to which Ørsted is exposed and subsequently decide 
how to address such risks. This includes assessing to what extent the individual risks are acceptable or even 
desirable, in combination with an evaluation of the extent to which these risks and associated costs can be 
mitigated, to ensure an optimal balance between risk and return. 
Market and counterparty risk management is governed by overall governance systems, risk policies and 
mandates. Risk mandates are granted by Ørsted’s Board of Directors to the Group Executive Team – see 
Management section below – which delegates the risk mandates to the business divisions under supervision of 
the Executive Risk Committee headed by the CFO. The Executive Risk Committee monitors compliance with 
market and counterparty risk mandates and serves as advisory function to the Group Executive Team on risk 
matters. The Executive Risk Committee also approves Ørsted’s Market Risk Policy and Market Risk Mandates. 
Ørsted has a group level Risk Management function (market risks and counterparty credit risk) which, for the 
purpose of segregation of duties, is organisationally separated from the operating and risk-taking units. The 
Risk Management function is responsible for monitoring the risk mandates and reporting of risk limit violations 
to the Board of Directors, Audit and Risk Committee and Executive Risk Committee, for reporting of significant 
events directly to the CFO and for risk calculation methods and models. 
Ørsted has a separate internal audit function reporting to the Audit and Risk Committee. The mission of Internal 
Audit is to provide independent and objective assurance and consulting services designed to add value and 
improve the effectiveness of Ørsted’s risk management, control, and governance processes. 
Market risks 
Ørsted’s main market risks relate to commodity prices, production variability, currency exchange rates, interest 
rates and inflation rates. The management of Ørsted’s markets risk is based on its desire to keep stable cash 
flows and robust financial ratios to ensure a solid foundation for Ørsted’s growth strategy as well as protecting 
the real value of its assets. Ørsted’s risk management policies seek to reduce short-term cash flow volatility 
resulting from fluctuations in the market prices of commodities (for example, power, gas, oil, coal, CO2 
certificates and other relevant commodities), currency exchange rates, interest rates and inflation. Volatility in 
the long-term real value of shareholders’ investment in Ørsted is managed to some extent by matching fixed 
nominal cash flows from operations with fixed nominal debt. Ørsted’s policy is to identify and assess all 
material market risks, with a reasonably high likelihood of materialising, with a view to assessing if such risks 
should be included in the overall risk management policy. 
The overall objective of Ørsted’s risk management is to increase the predictability of the short-term earnings 
and key financial ratios by securing the price of energy and currency exchange rates, and to protect the long-
term real value of investments by matching fixed nominal cash flows from Ørsted’s assets with fixed nominal 
debt. 
Ørsted has implemented a risk governance structure designed to manage identified market risks by adjusting 
the risk profile by entering into hedging transactions to achieve a level of exposure deemed appropriate by the 
Board of Directors. 
In accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) 9 measures, value adjustments of 
contracts entered into for hedging market risks, whether commodity or financial, are to a large extent postponed

--- Page 211 ---
211 
and recognised in the period in which the hedged exposure materialises. In addition, Ørsted also uses long-term 
CPPAs and debt liabilities to mitigate long-term commodity, currency, interest rate and inflation exposures. 
Commodity risk 
Commodity price risk exposure is defined as the forecasted production volumes or sales volumes from energy 
sourcing contracts that are exposed to fluctuations in market prices multiplied by the forward energy price at 
the time of risk assessment. Power production from wind and solar assets are also exposed to intermittency risk 
defined as the difference between the realised volume weighted average price (achieved by a given technology 
at a specific geographical location) compared to the (unweighted) baseload price over a given period. 
Ørsted’s energy hedging framework ensures safeguarding of short-term (current and coming calendar year) 
financial performance, while deploying a value driven approach to hedging activities beyond coming calendar 
year. Hedging activities in the trading horizon (current and coming calendar year) are based on an assessment 
of the need for additional safeguard considering the large amount of subsidised revenue in the portfolio. The 
hedging framework has made the portfolio more resilient in turbulent years. The hedge level of market price 
risk within this time horizon must be between 0 per cent. to 70 per cent., depending on the portfolio cashflow 
composition. The hedge levels are evaluated regularly to ensure that it reflects Ørsted’s portfolio composition 
and risk appetite. 
Ørsted manages its risk profile by entering into financial or physical contracts such as spot transactions, fixed 
price transactions and contracts for future delivery, as well as swaps, forwards, options and other derivative 
products. 
Ørsted may use proxy hedges to hedge energy price risk exposures in case of low market liquidity. 
The energy market trading functions are responsible for executing the Group’s energy commodity hedges in the 
external market, and in part to support these activities, Ørsted also engages in a limited amount of proprietary 
trading in gas, power, coal, oil and CO2 certificates to take advantage of market opportunities, discover prices 
and maintain high levels of market understanding required to support portfolio value optimisation and risk 
management activities. Market trading also balances physical volumes and takes positions to earn a profit and 
ensure an ongoing market presence and thus gain more detailed market insight.  
Furthermore, Ørsted has assumed the role of market maker in the Danish and German power markets which 
involves further market risks as Ørsted must accept certain trades in illiquid markets. Risk limits for market 
trading are based on Value-at-Risk, Stress and position limit mandates, which function as first, second and third 
lines of defence for mitigating the risk of losses on the portfolio from the day-to-day operations. Value-at-Risk 
is determined as the maximum one-day loss with a 95 per cent. probability based on historical price fluctuations 
and thus measures the risk under recent market conditions. The stress mandate covers a significantly longer 
historical record of price moves, hence this mandate functions as a second line of defence on quantifying 
potential losses on the exposure under management in the trading function. In addition, Ørsted governs 
counterparty risk through counterparty specific credit lines and liquidity risk through a historical max loss stress 
limit. Long-term commodity market price risks, beyond the tradeable horizon, are in some cases hedged with 
CPPAs with tenor of up to twenty five years. This hedging strategy is primarily pursued on wind farms with a 
high degree of exposure to market prices to secure long-term profitability of investments.  
Currency risk 
The currency risk exposure is defined as future net cash flows in foreign currencies multiplied by the forward 
currency price. Ørsted’s actively manages the net currency exposure over a five-year time horizon, on top of 
which the long-term currency exposure is partly matched by long-term debt obligations.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Currency exposures in general consist of cash-flows from production with known sales or purchase prices, the 
value of hedged energy contracts, revenue from green certificates and fixed tariff elements, divestments, capital 
expenditure relating to construction of new projects and project development, operating expenses and loans in 
foreign currency. 
Ørsted’s main currency risks are in GBP, United States dollars and to some degree Taiwan dollars. Ørsted’s 
Euro-Danish krone risk is normally not hedged due to Denmark’s pegged exchange rate policy. The main 
principle behind Ørsted’s currency risk management is that exposures are hedged when the underlying cash 
flows are highly certain, where the hedging follows a staircase principle with a declining hedge ratio over the 
five-year hedge horizon. For new markets, the strategy is to manage the time-spread between construction cost 
and future revenue in the same currency. 
Interest and inflation risk 
The fixed rate, floating rate and inflation indexed composition of Ørsted’s debt portfolio is to a large degree 
determined on the basis of the Group’s assets and the interest rate and inflation sensitivity of the cash flows 
generated by these assets. The issuance currency is in general chosen to on a relative basis align the average 
currency composition of debt with that of medium- and long-term FFO, which provides for more stable key 
financial ratios. Interest and inflation risk are managed by matching the sensitivity (duration) of the assets with 
the sensitivity (duration) of the corresponding liabilities. Fixed-interest financing over a longer term is sought 
to match assets with long-term fixed cash flows. Conversely, more variable-interest financing is prioritised for 
assets with varying, interest-sensitive cash flows. For assets with inflation-indexed revenues, either inflation-
indexed debt is prioritised, or revenue is fixed with inflation-derivatives. Ørsted adjusts interest rate risk 
exposure through the interest rate terms of its debt portfolio and by entering into interest rate derivatives such 
as interest rate and cross-currency swaps, swaptions (options on interest rate swaps), caps and floors. 
Credit risks  
Ørsted’s credit risk arises partly from the sale of power, gas and green certificates and partly from entry into 
financial and physical transactions based on fixed or indexed prices. As part of its ordinary course of business, 
Ørsted enters into contracts for physical delivery of energy products with customers and suppliers as well as 
hedging contracts for commodities, currencies and interest rates with different market participants, such as other 
energy companies, specialised trading houses and international banks. Physical contracts with a maturity of 
more than one year are common and certain other contracts can have maturities of more than five years such as 
the increasing number of CPPAs. 
Suppliers expose Ørsted to operational project delays, but Ørsted could also incur financial losses as a 
consequence of a supplier default or change of supplier. Pre-payments made under supply agreements are 
generally subject to advance payment guarantees. Ørsted manages its supplier counterparty credit risk through 
its Group Credit Risk Policy for Procurement, which is approved by the Ørsted Executive Risk Committee. 
All these contracts expose Ørsted to a possible cost if the counterparty to a contract cannot fulfil its obligations 
under such contract. Ørsted could potentially also be exposed to counterparty risks from secondary liabilities 
relating to the divestment of its oil & gas business activities and the LNG business, which occurred in September 
2017 and December 2020, respectively. The risk of such costs is measured and managed as credit risk. 
Ørsted manages credit exposures in a manner that facilitates its business activities without subjecting itself to 
unreasonable credit exposure in respect of any individual counterparties. Credit terms are part of the commercial 
negotiations and contractual risk mitigation includes rating triggers/financial covenants, receiving prepayments, 
bank guarantees, parent company guarantees and margining agreements.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
The methodology for calculating credit risk takes into account the risk of non-payment of outstanding 
receivables from already delivered contracts and a financial element covering current and future replacement 
costs arising from changes in the market value for contracts not based on floating prices. Future replacements 
costs are estimated based on an “add-on factor” derived from the historical price volatility of the underlying 
contract asset type. Market price changes on existing contracts above the estimated ‘add-on factor’ may lead to 
a passive breach of an approved credit line towards a specific counterparty, and new contracts may not be 
entered into unless risk can be reduced according to netting rules or a provided security. 
Ørsted manages its counterparty credit risk through its Group Credit Risk Policy which, among other things, 
defines how credit lines are set along with calculation principles for the actual credit exposure. This policy also 
establishes roles and responsibilities within Ørsted’s organisation and is designed to ensure that all major credit 
exposures are monitored at the group-wide level. Ørsted manages credit lines on the basis of its assessment of 
the counterparty’s creditworthiness and credit support provided. Where counterparties have been rated 
externally by, among others, Fitch, Moody’s or S&P, these ratings play a significant role in determining the 
internal rating for such counterparties. Ørsted uses standardised contractual frameworks and credit support 
provisions (for example, International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and the European Federation of 
Energy Traders) for trading in energy and financial markets. 
For the management of Ørsted’s credit risk, its trading and financial counterparties are reported on a daily basis, 
where both current and potential future counterparty exposure based on updated market prices are measured 
against approved credit lines. All significant credit risk exposures are reported on a regular basis to the 
Executive Risk Committee and the Board of Directors. 
Insurable risks  
Ørsted’s insurance programme and type of insurance coverage is based on analysis and mapping of risks related 
to Ørsted’s activities, including factors such as diversification of risks between the business areas, the 
geographical spread of assets, the likelihood and frequency of events and the likely impact of such events. 
A part of the property insurance cover relates to Ørsted’s membership in the mutual insurance company, Everen 
Ltd. Through this membership, Ørsted is insured up to a limit of USD 450 million, with a deductible amount of 
USD 10 million for each occurrence resulting in damage to assets. In addition to the cover afforded by Everen 
Ltd. Ørsted is covered through separate policies designed to ensure adequate insurance coverage for all 
operational and construction assets. This additional coverage comprises of specific insurance policies 
established through Lloyd’s of London and other markets. 
Ørsted is not insured for business interruption (except where required by tax equity investors for United States 
onshore wind and solar projects). Ørsted’s risk relating to business interruption is diversified between the 
various business areas, the geographical spread of assets as well as the introduction of partnerships. 
Furthermore, the frequency and likelihood for worst-case scenario business interruption losses are on a general 
basis considered to be low. 
With a view to optimising the insurance portfolio and managing the property insurance with Everen Ltd., among 
others, a subsidiary, Ørsted Insurance A/S, has been established. Ørsted Insurance A/S is reinsured by many 
reinsurers including Everen Ltd. Ørsted Insurance A/S has an individual financial rating of “A-, stable outlook” 
obtained from AM Best. 
Everen Ltd. is a mutual insurance company rated A (stable) by S&P and A2 (stable) by Moody’s. All other 
reinsurers to Ørsted Insurance A/S have a minimum rating of S&P A- (or the equivalent from other rating 
agencies). In addition to the reinsurance protection, the captive (Ørsted Insurance A/S) is also protected by a 
stop loss insurance to limit the potential exposure to the captive in case of frequency losses and claims on the

--- Page 214 ---
214 
portfolio insured in Ørsted Insurance A/S. Ørsted Insurance A/S is subject to supervision by the Danish 
Financial Supervisory Authority. 
Legal Proceedings  
Elsam 
Ørsted has been a party to actions relating to the Danish competition authorities’ claim that the former Elsam 
A/S and Elsam Kraft A/S (“Elsam”), now a subsidiary of Ørsted, charged excessive prices in the Danish 
wholesale power market in the period 1 July 2003 to 31 December 2006. There are no longer any outstanding 
cases with the competition authorities claiming Elsam infringed Danish competition law. However, in 
connection with past Elsam related cases, some energy trading companies, their customers and others have filed 
claims for damages that are still pending. The largest of such claim was filed in 2007 before the Maritime and 
Commercial Court, amounting to approximately DKK 4.4 billion, plus applicable litigation interest. The case 
is currently under preparation for the Maritime and Commercial Court. 
Tax 
The Danish Tax Agency has concluded, in three administrative decisions that Ørsted Wind Power A/S has not 
acted on an arm’s length basis when charging fees for the technical services provided to the project companies 
for the Walney Extension, Hornsea 1, Race Bank and Borssele 1&2 offshore windfarms in the UK and the 
Netherlands during the development phase. 
These decisions involve an additional payable tax of DKK 8.9 billion for the fiscal years 2015-2017 plus 
interest. Ørsted has appealed the decisions to the Danish National Tax Tribunal. In addition, the administrative 
decisions related to Walney Extension and Hornsea 1 received on 1 December 2020 has been admitted under a 
Mutual Agreement Procedure (“MAP”) between the Competent Authorities of the Danish Tax Agency and His 
Majesty’s Revenue and Customs under both the European Union Arbitration Convention and the relevant 
Double Tax Agreement including the Multilateral Instrument. The case is currently admitted to the arbitration 
process under the EU Arbitration Convention with a view to eliminate any double taxation. 
The administrative decision related to Race Bank was received on 29 November 2021 and the decision related 
to Borssele 1&2 on 25 September 2023. Ørsted Wind Power A/S is considering either entering a broader appeal 
to the Danish Tax Tribunal, a direct appeal to the court system, or a request for a MAP under the double tax 
agreements between Denmark and the UK and the Netherlands respectively, including the Multilateral 
Instrument, and in respect of the Netherlands, the European Union Arbitration Convention. The Danish Tax 
Agency has accepted Ørsted’s request for a deferral of the tax payments for Race Banks until the cases are 
finally decided and the Group expects a similar outcome for Borssele 1&2. 
Norway  
The Norwegian Tax Administration (“NTA”) has issued a draft reassessment regarding transfer pricing of sale 
of gas by Ørsted’s 100 per cent. owned Norwegian subsidiary to affiliates during the years 2007-2011. The NTA 
proposes a reassessment of NOK 2.4 billion, which would be subject to hydrocarbon taxation at 78 per cent. 
corresponding to NOK 1.9 billion. The Norwegian subsidiary of Ørsted receiving this reassessment was sold to 
INEOS in 2017 as a part of the divestment of Ørsted’s oil and gas activities. However, under the share sale and 
purchase agreement with INEOS, Ørsted has maintained the risk of tax matters relating to Ørsted’s ownership 
period. 
Once a final reassessment is received, any tax becomes payable immediately with no possibility to request a 
stay or deferral. Appropriate and alternative courses of action are currently being considered by Ørsted 
including an appeal process in the Norwegian courts or a mutual agreement procedure between Denmark and 
Norway.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
In response to the Issuer’s tax risks including the current controversies, tax related provisions have been made 
in accordance with IAS 12, IAS 37 and relevant interpretations, such as IFRIC 23. The provisions have been 
calculated on the basis of differences in tax rates and statistical risks of suffering economic or legal double 
taxation. 
Material Contracts 
The following is a summary of material contracts, other than contracts in the ordinary course of business, into 
which Ørsted or any of its subsidiaries have entered, which contain obligations or entitlements that are material 
to Ørsted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. In the course of its ordinary business, Ørsted enters into contracts 
which have obligations or entitlements that are material to the Group. Amongst these contracts entered into in 
the ordinary course of its business is, for example, agreements entered into as part of the offshore wind, 
hydrogen, onshore wind and solar projects (share purchase agreements, shareholders’ agreements, joint venture 
agreements, construction agreements, operation and maintenance agreements and PPAs etc.), heat agreements 
entered into in connection with the conversion of Ørsted’s CHP plants to biomass and long-term gas purchase 
contracts. Certain of such contracts contain provisions relating to change-of-control events, pre-emption rights, 
transfer restrictions or buy-back arrangements related to specific events or other transfer provisions. Certain of 
the long-term gas purchase contracts contain provisions on price reviews and take-or-pay obligations. 
Divestment of upstream oil and gas business 
On 29 September 2017, Ørsted divested the entire share capital of DONG E&P A/S to INEOS, thereby divesting 
its upstream oil and gas business. As part of the divestment, Ørsted assumed secondary liabilities relating to the 
decommissioning of the offshore facilities owned by DONG E&P A/S and its subsidiaries in Denmark and 
Norway. The beneficiaries are the Danish and Norwegian states, respectively, depending on the location of the 
licenses, and the other participants in the relevant licenses. In the UK, a potential decommissioning liability 
follows due to regulation. The key terms are different depending on country of license, please see the Interim 
Financial Report for the first nine months of 2017, note 9. In case of any of the secondary liabilities being 
exercised, Ørsted has full recourse for such liabilities against INEOS, INEOS Industries Holdings Limited and 
INEOS Holdings AG. 
Management  
General 
Ørsted has a two-tier governance structure consisting of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board. The 
two management bodies are separate and have no overlapping members. The Board of Directors is responsible 
for the overall and strategic management of Ørsted’s activities, management and organisation. Ørsted’s 
Executive Board oversees the day-to-day management and, in that capacity, follows the directions and 
guidelines provided by the Board of Directors. 
According to the Articles of Association of Ørsted, the general meeting shall elect not less than six and not more 
than eight members to the Board of Directors, including the Chair and the Deputy Chair of the Board of 
Directors. The Board of Directors currently consists of eight members elected by the general meeting and four 
members elected by the employees. The Board of Directors will propose at the upcoming general meeting that 
the Board of Directors consists of six members elected by the general meeting and four members elected by the 
employees. The members elected by the employees and their alternates (in 2022), were elected for a term of 
two years. The members elected by the employees hold the same rights and obligations as the members elected 
by the general meeting.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
The Board of Directors has appointed Ørsted’s Executive Board, including a Group President and Chief 
Executive Officer (“CEO”), a CFO and a Chief HR Officer (“CHRO”). The CEO, CFO and CHRO comprise 
Ørsted’s executive board (the “Executive Board”) and are registered managers with the Danish Business 
Authority. Ørsted’s Executive Board has established a Group Executive Team consisting of eleven members, 
including the Executive Board which is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group. 
On November 2023, it was announced that Daniel Lerup, CFO and Richard Hunter, Chief Operating Officer 
both stepped down from their respective positions. Ørsted has initiated the processes of identifying a new CFO 
and new Chief Operating Officer. 
On 27 February 2024, Ørsted announced that the Board of Directors appointed Trond Westlie as Ørsted’s next 
Group Chief Financial Officer and member of the Executive Board and the Group Executive Team effective as 
of 1 April 2024. On the same date, Patrick Harnett joined Ørsted’s Group Executive Team as Chief Operational 
Officer. 
Rasmus Errboe, who acted as interim CFO since 14 November 2023, will return to his position as CEO of 
Region Europe by the end of March 2024. Andy Brown, who acted as interim COO since 14 November 2023, 
will step down by the end of March 2024.   
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors and Executive Board is Ørsted A/S, 
Kraftværksvej 53, Skærbæk, DK-7000 Fredericia, Denmark. 
Board of Directors 
On 7 February 2024, Ørsted announced that Thomas Thune Andersen, Chair of the Board of Directors of Ørsted 
A/S, will not seek re-election at the annual general meeting on 5 March 2024. Furthermore, Jørgen Kildahl will 
not seek re-election to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has recommended Lene Skole to be 
elected as the new Chair, Andrew Brown to be elected as the new Deputy Chair, and Annica Bresky, Julia King, 
Peter Korsholm and Dieter Wemmer to be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors at the upcoming 
annual general meeting. 
The members of the Board of Directors of Ørsted, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, were: 
Name 
 
Year 
Born 
 
Year First 
Appointed 
 
Current Term 
Expires 
 
Position 
Thomas Thune Andersen 
 
1955 
 
2014 
 
2024 
 
Chair 
Lene Skole 
 
1959 
 
2015 
 
2024 
 
Deputy Chair 
Peter Korsholm 
 
1971 
 
2017 
 
2024 
 
Board member 
Dieter Wemmer 
 
1957 
 
2018 
 
2024 
 
Board member 
Jørgen Kildahl 
 
1963 
 
2018 
 
2024 
 
Board member 
Julia King 
 
1954 
 
2021 
 
2024 
 
Board member 
Annica Bresky 
 
1975 
 
2023 
 
2024 
 
Board member 
Andrew Brown 
 
1962 
 
2023 
 
2024 
 
Board member 
Benny Gøbel 
 
1967 
 
2011 
 
2024 
 
Employee elected 
board member 
Anne Cathrine Collet Yde 
 
1983 
 
2022 
 
2024 
 
Employee elected 
board member 
Alice Florence Marion Vallienne 
 
1994 
 
2022 
 
2024 
 
Employee elected 
board member

--- Page 217 ---
217 
Name 
 
Year 
Born 
 
Year First 
Appointed 
 
Current Term 
Expires 
 
Position 
Leticia Francisca Torres 
Mandiola 
 
1994 
 
2022 
 
2024 
 
Employee elected 
board member 
 
Thomas Thune Andersen is the Chair of the Board of Directors. Mr. Andersen also serves as Chair of the board 
of directors of Lloyd’s Register Group Limited, Lloyd’s Register Foundation and VKR Holding A/S. In 
addition, Mr. Andersen is a member of the board of directors of BW Group Ltd and IMI plc (Senior Independent 
Director), as well as a member of the board committees of Lloyds Register Group Limited (Remuneration 
Committee), Lloyds Register Foundation (Nomination Committee), IMI plc (the Nomination Committee, the 
Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee), and VKR Holding A/S (Nomination Committee). Mr. 
Andersen serves as a member of the Danish Committee on Corporate Governance, Commissioner of the Energy 
Transition Commission, member of the Community of Chairpersons of the World Economic Forum, and 
member of Friends of Ocean Action of the World Economic Forum. Mr. Andersen has attended the Advanced 
Executive Programme, Economics (Harvard University) and the Senior Management Programme (Columbia 
University) and holds a Graduate Diploma (HD) in International Economics and Foreign Relations 
(Copenhagen Business School). 
Lene Skole is the Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors. Ms. Skole is also CEO of Lundbeckfonden and 
Lundbeckfond Invest A/S. Furthermore, Ms. Skole is Chair of the board of directors of LFI Equity A/S, Deputy 
Chair of the board of directors at ALK-Abelló A/S, H. Lundbeck A/S, Falck A/S and Nordea Bank Abp. Ms. 
Skole also serves as a member of the board committees of Falck A/S (the Audit Committee and the 
Remuneration Committee), ALK-Abelló A/S (Nomination & Remuneration Committee, and the Scientific 
Committee), and H. Lundbeck A/S (the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and the Scientific Committee), 
and Nordea Bank Abp (Audit Committee). Ms. Skole also serves as Deputy Chair of the Danish Committee on 
Foundation Governance. Ms. Skole attended the MCR programme (IMD Business School) and the Accelerated 
Development Programme (London Business School) and holds a Graduate Diploma (HD) in Business 
Administration (Copenhagen Business School). 
Peter Korsholm is a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Korsholm is CEO of DSVM Invest A/S, DSV Miljø 
Group A/S, Togula ApS, and Totalleveranser Sverige AB. He also serves as Chair of the board of directors of 
Flügger group A/S, Nymølle Stenindustrier A/S, Totalleveranser Sverige AB, Too Good To Go Holding ApS, 
Lion Danmark I Aps and two wholly-owned subsidiaries of Lion Danmark I ApS (Lomax Group). Furthermore, 
Mr. Korsholm is a member of the board of directors of Projektselskabet Teglbuen A/S, of DSVM Invest A/S 
and eight wholly-owned subsidiaries of DSVM Invest A/S, and BCHG Holding A/S and two wholly-owned 
subsidiaries of BCHG Holding A/S. Mr. Korsholm also serves as member of the board committees of Flügger 
group A/S (Nomination & Remuneration Committee) and Too Good to Go Holding Aps (Remuneration 
Committee and Finance, Risk and Audit Committee). He is also Chair of the Investment Committee of Zoscales 
Partners. Mr. Korsholm holds a Masters in Business Administration (INSEAD), a MSc in Econometrics and 
Mathematical Economics (London School of Economics and Political Science), and a BA in Economics 
(University of Copenhagen). 
Dieter Wemmer is a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Wemmer also serves as Chair of the board of 
directors in Marco Holding, plc and one wholly-owned subsidiary of Marco Holding, plc. Furthermore, Mr. 
Wemmer is a member of the board of directors of UBS Group AG and UBS AG, as well as a member of the 
board committees of UBS Group AG (the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee) and UBS AG 
(the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee). Mr. Wemmer holds a PhD in Mathematics 
(University of Cologne) and MA in Mathematics (University of Cologne).

--- Page 218 ---
218 
Jørgen Kildahl is a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Kildahl also serves as a member of the board of 
directors of Scatec ASA and Alpiq AG, and member of the board committees of Alpiq AG (Audit Committee) 
and Scatec ASA (Audit Committee). Furthermore, Mr. Kildahl is senior advisor and a member of the Energy 
Investment Committee of Energy Infrastructure Partners, Switzerland. Mr. Kildahl has attended the Advanced 
Management Programme (Harvard Business School), and holds a Masters in Business Administration 
(Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration), a MSc in Economics and Business 
Administration (Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration) and is a Certified European 
Financial Analyst. 
Dr. Julia King, Baroness Brown of Cambridge, is a member of the Board of Directors. Dr. King also serves as 
Chair of the board of directors of the Carbon Trust, Frontier IP Group Plc, and STEM Learning Ltd. 
Furthermore, Dr. King is a non-executive director of Ceres Power Holdings Plc (Senior Independent Director). 
Dr. King is also a member of the board committees of Ceres Power Holdings Plc (Remuneration and 
Nomination Committee and Chair of the ESG Committee), and Frontier IP Group Plc (Remuneration 
Committee). Additionally, Dr. King is a Crossbench Peer in the UK House of Lords, Chair of the House of 
Lords Science and Technology Select Committee, and Chair of the Adaption Committee of the Committee on 
Climate Change. Dr. King holds a PhD in Natural Sciences, Metallurgy, Fracture Mechanics (University of 
Cambridge) and a MA in Natural Sciences (University of Cambridge). 
Annica Bresky is a member of the Board of Directors. Ms. Bresky is a member of the Executive Committee of 
the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of 
Engineering Sciences. Ms. Bresky holds an Executive Master of Finance, Strategy and Leadership (Mgruppen) 
and a MSc in Engineering Aquatic and Environmental Engineering (Uppsala Tekniska Högskola). 
Andrew Brown is a member of the Board of Directors. Furthermore, Mr. Brown is advisor of ZeroAvia Inc. and 
Vice President & Honorary Secretary of the council of the Energy Institute. Mr. Brown holds a BA in 
Engineering Science (Hons) (Cambridge University). 
Benny Gøbel, Anne Cathrine Collet Yde, Alice Florence Marion Vallienne, and Leticia Francisca Torres 
Mandiola are employee elected and members of the Board of Directors.  
On 8 February 2024, it was announced that Benny Gøbel, Anne Cathrine Collet Yde, Ian McCalder and Lara 
Jewinat have been elected as employee board members for the next two years. The four employee-elected board 
members will join the Board of Directors after the annual general meeting. 
Group Executive Team 
The members of Ørsted’s Group Executive Team, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, were: 
Name 
 
Year Born 
 
Position 
Mads Nipper 
 
1966 
 
Group President and CEO 
Rasmus Errboe 
 
1979 
 
Interim CFO 
Henriette Fenger Ellekrog 
 
1966 
 
Executive Vice President and CHRO 
Andrew Brown 
 
1962 
 
Interim Chief Operating Officer 
David Hardy 
 
1971 
 
Executive Vice President and CEO of Region Americas 
Per Mejnert Kristensen 
 
1967 
 
Senior Vice President and President of Region APAC 
Olivia Breese 
 
1981 
 
Senior Vice President, Head of P2X and interim CEO of Region 
Europe 
Varun Sivaram 
 
1989 
 
Senior Vice President and Head of Strategy, Innovation, Portfolio & 
Partnerships

--- Page 219 ---
219 
Name 
 
Year Born 
 
Position 
Ingrid Reumert 
 
1976 
 
Senior Vice President and Head of Global Stakeholder Relations 
Anders Zoëga Hansen 
 
1974 
 
Senior Vice President and Head of Legal 
 
Mads Nipper has been Group President and CEO and a member of the Executive Board since January 2021. 
Prior to joining Ørsted in 2021, Mr. Nipper was CEO and Group President at Grundfos A/S after having served 
as Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President as well as a member of the Management Board of 
LEGO Systems A/S. Mr. Nipper is Deputy Chair of the board of directors of FLSmidth & Co. A/S and one 
wholly-owned subsidiary hereof. Mads Nipper holds a MSc in International Business (University of Aarhus, 
School of Business and Social Sciences).  
Rasmus Errboe has been Interim CFO and an interim member of the Executive Board since November 2023. 
Mr. Errboe joined Ørsted in 2012 and held various positions at Ørsted before becoming Senior Vice President 
and Head of Continental Europe (Offshore) and more recently as Executive Vice President and the CEO of 
Region Europe. Prior to joining Ørsted, Mr. Errboe was an attorney-at-law at Kromann Reumert law firm. He 
holds a Master in Business and Administration (University of San Diego) and a MA degree in Law (University 
of Copenhagen). 
Henriette Fenger Ellekrog has been a member of the Executive Board since 2022. Ms. Fenger Ellekrog joined 
Ørsted in 2019 as Executive Vice President and CHRO. Prior to joining Ørsted Ms. Fenger Ellekrog was Chief 
HR Officer at Danske Bank A/S after having served as Deputy CEO, Executive Vice President, HR & 
Communication at SAS AB and Senior Executive Vice President, Chief of Staff, Member of Executive 
Management Team at TDC A/S. Furthermore, Ms. Fenger Ellekrog is a member of both the board of directors 
and the Nomination & Remuneration Committee of NV Bekaert SA and member of the board of the Special 
Committee for Diversity in the Confederation of Danish Industries. Ms. Fenger Ellekrog holds a Master of Arts 
in International Business Communication (Copenhagen Business School). 
Andrew Brown has been interim Chief Operating Officer and an interim member of the Group Executive Team 
since 2023. Mr. Brown joined Ørsted in 2023 as member of the board of directors and as Interim Chief Operating 
Officer. For further description please refer to the section Board of Directors.  
David Hardy has been a member of the Group Executive Team, Executive Vice President and CEO of Region 
Americas since 2022. Mr. Hardy joined Ørsted in 2020 as President & Chief Operating Officer of Region North 
America, Commercial and became CEO thereof later in 2020. Prior to joining Ørsted, Mr. Hardy served as 
Executive Director and Chief Sales Officer of Senvion GmbH, Senior Vice President for North American Sales 
at Vestas American Wind Technology, Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Aluminum Shapes 
LLC, Global Vice President of Sales and Marketing at The Gast Group, and General Manager of Sales (Sensing 
and Inspection) at General Electric. Mr. Hardy acts as an advisor to Ren Energy and Windlift. Furthermore, Mr. 
Hardy is a member of the board of officers and Secretary of American Clean Power. Mr. Hardy holds a Master 
in Business and Administration (Stern School of Business, New York University) and a BSc in Mechanical 
Engineering (North Carolina State University). 
Per Mejnert Kristensen has been a member of the Group Executive Team, Senior Vice President and President 
of Region APAC since 2022. Prior to joining Ørsted in 2022, Mr. Mejnert Kristensen was President of Asia 
Region after having held various executive positions (based in Bangkok) at FLSmidth. Mr. Mejnert Kristensen 
has attended the General Management Programme (INSEAD) and holds a MSc degree in Engineering 
(Technical University in Denmark) and a Graduate Diploma (HD) in International Business (Copenhagen 
Business School).

--- Page 220 ---
220 
Olivia Breese acts as interim CEO of Region Europe and has been a member of the Group Executive Team, 
Senior Vice President and Head of P2X since 2022. Ms. Breese joined Ørsted in 2012 and held various positions 
at Ørsted before becoming Head of P2X, most recently Senior Vice President of Portfolio Development. Prior 
to joining Ørsted, Ms. Breese was a solicitor in the Energy and Infrastructure Finance department at Linklaters 
LLP. Ms. Breese holds a MA (Oxon) in English Language and Literature (Balliol College, University of 
Oxford), and a LLM degree (BPP Law School, London (UK)). 
Varun Sivaram has been Senior Vice President and Head of Strategy, Innovation, Portfolio and Partnerships and 
a member of the Group Executive Team since August 2023. Mr. Sivaram joined Ørsted in 2023 from his position 
as Managing Director for Clean Energy in the U.S. Biden Administration and Senior Advisor to Secretary John 
Kerry. Prior hereto Mr. Sivaram was Chief Technology Officer of ReNew Power (India) after having held 
various positions at the Council on Foreign Relations (United States), McKinsey & Co. (United States), and the 
City of Los Angeles (United States). Varun Sivaram is a member of the board of Atlantic Council (United 
States), the Breakthrough Institute (United States), and advisory board member of Aventurine Partners (United 
States). Furthermore, he is senior advisor to Schmidt Futures (United States), a member of the Council on 
Foreign Relations (United States), and Global Future Council Member and Young Global Leader of World 
Economic Forum (Switzerland). Mr. Sivaram holds a Ph. D in Condensed Matter Physics (University of Oxford) 
and a B.S. in Engineering Physics and a B.A. in International Relations (Stanford University). 
Ingrid Reumert has been a member of the Group Executive Team, Senior Vice President and Head of Global 
Stakeholder Relations since 2022. Prior to joining Ørsted in 2022, Ms. Reumert was Vice President of Global 
External Relations & Sustainability at Velux Group, Director of External Relations at Terma A/S, Head of 
Secretariat and Policy, Ny Alliance – Danish Parliament, Head of Secretariat, European Parliament, and 
Political Assistant to MPs, The Danish Parliament. Ms. Reumert is member of Copenhagen Airport Advisory 
Group, Tænketanken EUROPA and WWF Denmark Presidency. MS. Reumert serves as member of the board 
of directors in State of Green Denmark.  
Ms. Reumert holds a MSc in Political Science (Aarhus University and L’Institut d’Etudes Politiques, Paris). 
Anders Zoëga Hansen has been a member of the Group Executive Team since 2022, Senior Vice President since 
2014 and Head of Legal since 2012. Prior to joining Ørsted in 2005, Mr. Hansen was an attorney-at-law at 
Plesner Law Firm. Mr. Hansen holds a MA degree in Law (University of Copenhagen). 
Statement on Conflicts of Interest 
There are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of any of the directors 
and/or their respective private interests and other duties, except for Lene Skole, who serves as Deputy Chair of 
the board of directors of Nordea Bank Abp. Due to Ørsted’s current business relationship with Nordea Bank 
Abp., Lene Skole does not participate in any discussions involving Nordea Bank Abp. 
Corporate Governance 
As a listed company, Ørsted considers the Recommendations for Corporate Governance prepared by the Danish 
Committee on Corporate Governance. As further described in the Annual Report 2023, Ørsted complies with 
all recommendations, however, only partly as regards one of these recommendations. The Board of Directors 
of Ørsted review the corporate governance recommendations annually based on best practice. 
Board Committees 
Audit & Risk Committee 
After Ørsted’s annual general meeting, the Board of Directors of Ørsted appoints members to the Audit & Risk 
Committee.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
The Audit & Risk Committee assists the Board of Directors of Ørsted in overseeing the financial and ESG 
reporting process (including key accounting estimates and judgements), liquidity and capital structure 
development, financial and business-related risks, internal controls, IT security in operational and 
administrative areas as well as cyber-security and compliance with statutory and other requirements from public 
authorities. Moreover, the Audit & Risk Committee approves the framework governing the work of the Group’s 
external and internal auditors (including limits for non-audit services), evaluates the auditor’s independence 
and qualifications as well as monitors the Group’s whistle-blower scheme. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Audit & Risk Committee members are Dieter Wemmer (Chair), Peter 
Korsholm, and Jørgen Kildahl. 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
The Nomination & Remuneration Committee assists Ørsted’s Board of Directors in matters regarding the 
composition, remuneration, and performance of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board and 
recommends to the Board of Directors the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and the 
Executive Board. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Nomination & Remuneration Committee currently consists of 
Thomas Thune Andersen (Chair), Lene Skole, and Julia King. 
Selected Financial Information 
The following tables set out selected financial information concerning Ørsted’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position and profits and losses as at the dates and for the periods specified therein: 
Table 12: Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(2) 
 
 
(DKK million) 
 
Assets 
 
  
  
Intangible assets ............................................................................................ 
4,029 
3,426 
Property, plant and equipment ....................................................................... 
177,665 
179,769 
Other non-current assets ................................................................................ 
19,720 
13,886 
Non-current assets ......................................................................................... 
201,414 
197,081 
Current assets ................................................................................................ 
112,728 
84,055 
Assets ............................................................................................................ 
314,142 
281,136 
 
 
 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(2) 
 
 
(DKK million) 
 
Equity and Liabilities 
 
  
  
Equity attributable to shareholders in Ørsted A/S ......................................... 
71,743 
56,782 
Equity ............................................................................................................ 
95,532 
77,791 
Non-current liabilities ................................................................................... 
143,742 
144,144 
Current liabilities........................................................................................... 
74,868 
59,201

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(2) 
 
 
(DKK million) 
 
Liabilities ...................................................................................................... 
218,610 
203,345 
Equity and liabilities ..................................................................................... 
314,142 
281,136 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022.  
(2) 
Source: Audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
DESCRIPTION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This section provides further information in relation to alternative performance measures applied by Ørsted for 
the purposes of the guidelines published by ESMA. 
Non-IFRS Measures10 
This Base Prospectus contains non-IFRS measures and ratios, including those listed below, which are not 
required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS as adopted by the European Union or the accounting 
standards of any other jurisdiction. Ørsted presents non-IFRS measures to measure operating performance and 
as a basis for its strategic planning and forecasting, as well as monitoring certain aspects of operating cash flow 
and liquidity. Ørsted also believes that non-IFRS measures and similar measures are widely used by certain 
investors, securities analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. 
Ørsted’s non-IFRS measures are defined as follows: 
 
“EBITDA” indicates the operating profit or loss (EBIT) before depreciation, amortisations and 
impairments; 
 
“EBIT” is earnings before interest and tax equivalent to operating profit (loss); 
 
“Capital employed” is calculated as all assets and liabilities, except for equity and interest-bearing net 
debt; 
 
“Average capital employed” is calculated on a rolling twelve month period as the capital employed at 
the beginning of the twelve month period plus the capital employed at the end of the twelve month 
period, divided by two; 
 
“ROCE”, or return on capital employed, is calculated as (i) the EBIT, divided by (ii) the average capital 
employed; 
 
“Gross investments” is calculated as the sum of cash flows from investing activities excluding 
dividends received from associates, joint ventures and equity investments, purchase and sale of 
securities, loans to joint ventures and joint operations, and divestments of assets and enterprises. The 
total of this sum is then added to the total of acquired debt and restricted cash in connection with 
acquisitions; 
 
“Net investments” is calculated as gross investments less divestments of assets and enterprises, selling 
prices of non-controlling interests, and subsequent capital injections from non-controlling interests. 
Furthermore, interest-bearing debt transferred in connection with a divestment is deducted; 
 
“Free cash flow” is calculated as cash flows from operating activities and divestments less gross 
investments; 
 
“Net working capital” is calculated as inventories, contract assets (net), trade receivables, and other 
current operating assets less trade payables, other current operating liabilities, and working capital 
elements of tax equity balances; 
 
“Net working capital” is calculated as capital is inventories, contract assets (net), trade receivables, and 
other current operating assets less trade payables, other current operating liabilities, and working capital 
elements of tax equity balances; 
 
10 For further information regarding non-IFRS measures, including detailed definitions of various Alternative Performance Measures, please 
refer to pages 228-229 of the Ørsted 2023 Annual Report.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
“FFO”, or funds from operations, is calculated as EBITDA adjusted for gain (loss) on the divestment of 
assets, variation margin, change in provisions and other adjustments, income tax paid, interest and 
similar items, received or paid, including capitalised interest expenses, 50 per cent. of coupon payments 
on hybrid capital, dividends received and capital reductions; 
 
“Interest-bearing net debt” is calculated as interest bearing debt to be repaid in cash, including issued 
bonds, bank debt and lease liabilities, less securities, cash, other interest-bearing assets; 
 
“Adjusted interest-bearing net debt” is calculated as interest-bearing net debt (which consists of total 
interest-bearing debt and total interest-bearing assets), plus 50 per cent. of hybrid capital, add-back of 
other interest-bearing debt/receivables, cash and securities not available for distribution (excluding repo 
loans); 
 
“FFO/Adjusted interest-bearing net debt” is calculated as the ratio between FFO and Adjusted 
interest-bearing net debt. 
The non-IFRS measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies and 
should be considered together with Ørsted’s IFRS results. Non-IFRS measures and ratios are not measurements 
of Ørsted’s performance or liquidity under IFRS as adopted by the European Union and investors should bear 
this in mind when considering non-IFRS measures as alternatives to operating profit or profit for the year or 
other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union or any other 
generally accepted accounting principles, or as alternatives to cash flow from operating, investing or financing 
activities. Investors should rely on Ørsted’s IFRS results, supplemented by its non-IFRS measures, to evaluate 
Ørsted’s performance. 
Business performance measure 
Up to and including 2020, business performance has been a supplement to Ørsted’s financial statements 
prepared in accordance with IFRS. Under the business performance principle, the value of the hedging 
transaction is deferred and recognised for the period in which the hedged risk materialises. 
With the implementation of IFRS 9, it has become significantly easier to apply IFRS hedge accounting for 
Ørsted’s energy hedges. Ørsted has concluded that IFRS 9 can replace Ørsted’s business performance principle, 
and therefore Ørsted has reported solely based on IFRS from 1 January 2021. 
Auditors of Ørsted 
The auditors of Ørsted for 2022 and 2023 were PwC (authorised by the Danish Commerce and Companies 
Agency and regulated by the Danish Auditors Act and otherwise by the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark). 
PwC has audited the consolidated financial statements and the parent company financial statements of Ørsted 
as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union and additional requirements 
under Danish audit regulation. PwC has issued an unqualified auditors’ report without emphasis of matter on 
such consolidated financial statements and parent company financial statements. PwC has no financial interest 
in Ørsted.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
ØRSTED WIND POWER TW HOLDING A/S 
Information about Ørsted Wind 
Ørsted Wind is an unlisted limited liability company incorporated in Denmark and operating under Danish law 
and centrally registered with the Danish Business Authority (Erhvervsstyrelsen) in Copenhagen under CVR no. 
36 03 57 81. The principal registered office of Ørsted Wind is located at Kraftværksvej 53, Skærbæk, DK-7000 
Fredericia, Denmark, and the telephone number of Ørsted Wind is +45 99 55 11 11. 
The share capital of Ørsted Wind is DKK 7,375,603,000 and is divided into shares of DKK 1,000 each. The 
issued share capital is fully paid-up. There are no other classes of shares besides the ordinary shares. There are 
no non-voting shares. 
According to Article 1 of Ørsted Wind’s Articles of Association, the corporate objectives of Ørsted Wind are to 
develop, construct and operate wind farms, own shares and to undertake any other activity which the Board of 
Directors finds is related thereto. 
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Ørsted Wind Power Holding A/S holds 100 per cent. ownership interest 
in Ørsted Wind and as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Ørsted Wind Power Holding A/S is 100 per cent. 
owned by Ørsted A/S. 
Corporate structure of Ørsted Wind 
Ørsted Wind serves as a holding company, with all primary business activities conducted through its 
subsidiaries. The chart below illustrates the relationship of Ørsted Wind with its principal subsidiaries.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
Figure 1: Ørsted Wind’s principal subsidiaries  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note:  
Greater Changhua Offshore Wind Farm SE Ltd. holds the ownership of Greater Changhua 1 offshore wind farm  
Greater Changhua Offshore Wind Farm SW Ltd. holds the ownership of Greater Changhua 2a and 2b offshore wind farm 
Greater Changhua Offshore Wind Farm NW Ltd. holds the ownership of Greater Changhua 4 offshore wind farm 
Business Overview 
Ørsted Wind was incorporated on 4 July 2014 as a holding company for the Ørsted Group’s offshore wind 
power activities in Taiwan and the commercial development of the Group’s offshore wind power activities in 
the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (“ASEAN”) region. 
The current commercial activity in the region comprises the construction in Taiwan of the 900 MW Greater 
Changhua 1 and 2a offshore wind farms which are expected to reach CoD during the first half of 2024, and the 
920 MW Greater Changhua 2b and 4 offshore wind farms, where FID were taken by Ørsted on 31 March 2023 
and CoD is expected to be reached during 2025 and a 35 per cent. owner share in the operating Formosa I and 
II projects. 
Furthermore, the activities comprise the entering into of a PPA with Taiwan Power Company relating to the 
Changhua 2b and 4 projects at the feed-in-tariff level announced on 30 January 2019 and a CPPA with Taiwan 
Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (“TSMC”) signed by Ørsted Wind’s Taiwanese project companies 
Ørsted A/S 
(Denmark) 
100%
Ørsted Wind Power 
Holding A/S 
(Denmark)  
Issuer and/or Guarantor 
Directly owned subsidiary 
Orsted Greater Changhua 
SE Holdings Ltd. 
(Taiwan) 
Greater Changhua Offshore 
Wind Farm SW Ltd. 
(Taiwan) 
Greater Changhua Offshore 
Wind Farm NW Ltd.  
(Taiwan) 
Orsted Taiwan Ltd. 
(Taiwan)  
Taiwan Orsted Financial 
Services Co., Ltd. 
(Taiwan)  
Orsted InvestCo Limited 
(Taiwan) 
Formosa I Investment Co. 
Ltd. 
(Taiwan) 
Formosa I Wind Power Co., 
Ltd. 
(Taiwan) 
Greater Changhua SE 
Holdings Ltd. 
(Taiwan) 
Greater Changhua Offshore 
Wind Farm SE Ltd. 
(Taiwan) 
Ørsted Wind Power TW 
Holding A/S 
(Denmark) 
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
50%
100%
35%
Issuer of NTD Notes and 
Guarantor

--- Page 227 ---
227 
covering the offtake by TSMC of the full production from the 920 MW Greater Changhua 2b & 4 Offshore 
Wind Farms for twenty years. 
On 3 November 2021, Ørsted Wind closed the divestment of 50 per cent. of the 605 MW Greater Changhua 1 
project to Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec and Cathay Private Equity Co. Ltd. Co. Ørsted Wind may 
also decide to onboard joint venture partners into its other Changhua projects at a later stage. 
Furthermore, through a subsidiary Ørsted Wind has a 35 per cent. owner stake in the Formosa 1 offshore wind 
farm for which the 8 MW first phase of the project commenced operation in April 2017 and phase two 
comprising 120 MW commenced operation in December 2019. The Formosa 1 project is owned together with 
JERA Power International BV, Formosa Seagull Power, Investment Co., Ltd. and Stonepeak Vettel Holdings 
Company Limited. 
It is Ørsted Wind’s expectation to mainly participate with its remaining three eligible projects in future rounds 
of auctions in Taiwan: the Greater Changhua NE project (570 ~ 1,000 MW subject to EIA approval), the Xu 
Feng 3 project (up to 750 MW), and the Wo Neng 1 project (up to 2,400 MW). However, should there be 
developers pulling out from their awarded sites, the Xu Feng 2 project (up to 750 MW) and Wo Neng 2 project 
(up to 600 MW) would also be eligible for participation in any future auction. 
Ørsted Wind has initiated the environmental impact assessments (“EIA”) for the Xu Feng 3 and the Wo Neng 
1 & 2 projects in Taiwan and the final EIA approval for the Xu Feng 3 was obtained in December 2022. The 
Xu Feng 3 offshore wind project is located 50 kilometres off the coast of Changhua County with potential 
capacity of 750 MW. The Wo Neng 1 & 2 offshore wind projects are located 42-45 kilometres off the coast of 
Taichung with potential aggregate capacity of 3 GW. Ørsted Wind will utilise the Wo Neng 1 & 2 projects and 
the Xu Feng 3 and the Greater Changhua NE projects to take an active role in the upcoming zonal development. 
Ørsted Taiwan Limited serves as Ørsted Wind’s service company for the development activities in ASEAN and 
the construction activities in Taiwan. As such, Ørsted Taiwan Limited provides EPC and operations and 
management services to Ørsted Wind’s Changhua projects, which means, amongst other, that project 
procurement activities and Ørsted’s engineering services are delivered and rendered to the projects through 
Ørsted Taiwan Limited. 
As at the end of January 2024, Ørsted Taiwan Limited employed 185 full-time employees. 
For further information on Ørsted Wind’s activities in Taiwan - see the subsection “Segments, Offshore” under 
Ørsted A/S in this Base Prospectus. 
Recent Developments 
Ørsted Wind’s strategic playing field 
The Ørsted Group’s strategy for developing, constructing and owning offshore wind assets in Taiwan, South 
Korea, Australia and the ASEAN region in general is carried out through Ørsted Wind and its subsidiaries – see 
the subsection “Strategic direction and priorities” under Ørsted A/S in this Base Prospectus. 
Finance and Liquidity 
Funding of Ørsted Wind investments 
Ørsted Wind’s expected capital investments in Taiwan currently comprise the four Greater Changhua projects 
and the Formosa 1 offshore wind farm, where the total estimated capital need for the Greater Changhua 1 and 
2a offshore wind farms alone is expected to amount to NTD 165 billion. In the event that a partner is brought

--- Page 228 ---
228 
into a project, Ørsted Wind’s part of the capital investments would be reduced as the case has been for the 
Changhua 1 project. 
The capital investments planned for the Ørsted Wind group is intended to be covered by capital provided by the 
Group and by raising NTD financing in Taiwan. The NTD financing is mainly expected to be in the form of 
green bonds issued in the Taiwanese capital market which will be covered by the Guarantee. Capital provided 
to Ørsted Wind from the Group is expected to be provided as both share capital and shareholder debt. 
Ørsted Wind through its whole-owned subsidiary Taiwan Orsted Financial Services Co. Ltd., has entered into 
a NTD 25 billion sustainability-linked revolving loan facility with a consortium of financial institutions, 
including nine state-owned banks in Taiwan. The facility was entered into on 30 August 2023 and expires in 
August 2026 and may be extended further up to a maximum of five years. The facility is applied to financing 
construction costs relating to Ørsted Wind’s Taiwanese projects, with an intended long-term refinancing in the 
NTD green bond market or other, and also serves general NTD liquidity reserve purposes. 
It is expected that up to a third of Ørsted Wind’s capital investment in Taiwan will be covered by local NTD 
debt. 
Ørsted Wind will provide capital to its Taiwanese projects and subsidiaries through the injection of share capital 
and shareholder loans. 
Guarantees 
The Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed to any person with whom Ørsted Wind has 
transacted in the ordinary course of its business (for the purposes of this paragraph, a “Beneficiary”) all actual 
or contingent, present or future obligations and liabilities which are due, owed or payable by Ørsted Wind to 
the Beneficiary. Furthermore, the Guarantor has unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due payment 
of all sums expressed to be payable by Ørsted Wind under the Trust Deed, the Guaranteed Notes and any 
Receipts and Coupons relating to them. The Guarantor’s obligations in that respect (the “Guarantee”) are 
contained in the Trust Deed. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the 
Terms and Conditions relating to the Senior Notes, at all times rank at least equally with all its other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. 
As a condition for Ørsted providing the parent guarantee and for the purposes of ranking creditors of Ørsted 
Wind pari passu with the creditors of Ørsted, the shareholder of Ørsted Wind, Ørsted Wind Power Holding A/S, 
has approved the issuance of an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee, guaranteeing (a) to any owner or 
investor in any senior bonds issued by Ørsted under its EUR 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme and (b) 
any senior bonds issued under any other bond documentation and other existing or future interest bearing senior 
debt obligations entered into with banks and other lenders (for the purposes of this paragraph, a “Beneficiary”) 
all actual or contingent, present or future obligations and liabilities which are due, owed or payable by Ørsted 
to the Beneficiary including without limitation all principal, interest, fees, other costs and expenses incurred by 
the Beneficiary. Furthermore, Ørsted Wind has specifically unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed the due 
payment of all sums expressed to be payable by Ørsted under the Trust Deed, the Notes and any Receipts and 
Coupons relating to them. Its obligations in that respect are contained in the Trust Deed. The obligations of 
Ørsted Wind under this guarantee shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation 
and subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions relating to Senior Notes (other than 
Senior NTD Notes), at all times rank at least equally with all its other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
Liquidity and cash position 
As a subsidiary of the Group, Ørsted Wind is covered by the liquidity reserve requirements and policies defined 
and established by the Ørsted Group – see the subsection “Finance and Liquidity, Liquidity and cash position” 
under Ørsted A/S in this Base Prospectus. 
As at 31 December 2023, Ørsted Wind had cash payables against Ørsted in an amount of DKK 1.0 billion. 
Through its subsidiary, Taiwan Orsted Financial Services Co. Ltd., Ørsted Wind also has access to Taiwanese 
dollar liquidity reserves through the 3-year NTD 25 billion Sustainability-linked Revolving Loan Facility 
entered into in August 2023. As of 31 December 2023, NTD 9.5 billion were undrawn and available under this 
facility. Cash positions with Ørsted Wind will generally be deposited with Ørsted through the Group’s cash pool 
arrangement with banks. NTD cash positions in Ørsted Wind and its Taiwanese subsidiaries will be deposited 
with banks in Taiwan. 
Credit Ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Taiwan Rating has assigned Ørsted Wind a long-term issuer credit rating 
of twAA- (stable outlook). Taiwan Rating is a subsidiary of S&P11. 
Risk Management 
As a subsidiary of the Group, Ørsted Wind is covered by the risk management policies and practices and defined 
by the Group – see the subsection “Risk Management of the Group” under Ørsted A/S in this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Proceedings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ørsted Wind is not engaged in any disputes that could have a significant 
effect on its financial position or profitability. 
Material Contracts 
Ørsted Wind has no material contracts, other than contracts in the ordinary course of business, into which Ørsted 
Wind or any of its subsidiaries have entered, which contain obligations or entitlements that are material to 
Ørsted Wind’s financial position or profitability activities in Taiwan as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Management 
Ørsted Wind is governed by the Board of Directors, which has overall responsibility for the management of 
Ørsted Wind’s business. 
According to the Articles of Association of Ørsted Wind, the Board of Directors must consist of three to six 
members elected by the shareholders for one year at the time with the possibility of re-election. The Board of 
Directors currently consists of three members. 
The Board of Directors has appointed Ørsted Wind’s executive management which is the registered 
management with the Danish Business Authority. Ørsted Wind’s management currently consists of one person. 
 
11 Taiwan Rating defines twAA for issuer’s as follows: An obligor rated “twAA” differs from the highest rated obligors (ttwAAA) only to a 
small degree and has very strong capacity to meet its financial commitments relative to other Taiwanese obligors. The issuer credit rating is a 
forward-looking opinion about the overall capacity of a debt issuer, guarantor, or other provider of credit-enhancement (“obligor”) to meet its 
financial obligations relative to other obligors in the Taiwanese domestic financial markets.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee is Ørsted A/S, 
Kraftværksvej 53, Skærbæk, DK-7000 Fredericia, Denmark. 
Board of Directors, Management and Employees  
The members of the Board of Directors of Ørsted Wind, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, were: 
Name 
 
Year Born 
 
Year First 
Appointed 
 
Current 
Term 
Expires 
 
Position 
Anja Philipsen Forup 
 
1976 
 
2024 
 
2025 
 Chair 
Per Mejnert Kristensen 
 
1967 
 
2022 
 
2025 
 Deputy Chair 
Richard Spencer Karlsen 
 
1986 
 
2023 
 
2025 
 Director 
 
Anja Philipsen Forup is employed with Ørsted where she holds the position as Senior Director, Head of Group 
Reporting & Accounting Excellence. 
Per Mejnert Kristensen is employed with Ørsted where he holds the position of Senior Vice President and 
President of Region APAC.  
Richard Spencer Karlsen is employed with Ørsted where he holds the position of Senior Manager, Head of 
Valuation, APAC.  
Casper Moe makes up the executive management of Ørsted Wind and is a registered manager of Ørsted Wind 
with the Danish Business Authority. 
Casper Moe is employed with Ørsted where he holds the position of Director, Head of Executive Decision 
Support.  
Besides the executive management, Ørsted Wind has no direct employees. 
Statement on Conflicts of Interest  
No actual or potential conflicts of interest exist with respect to the duties of any member of the Board of 
Directors or Executive Management towards Ørsted Wind and their private interests and/or duties to other 
persons. 
Corporate Governance 
As a subsidiary of the Ørsted Group, Ørsted Wind is subject to and covered by the corporate governance 
practices and policies of the Ørsted Group – see the subsection “Management, Corporate governance” under 
Ørsted A/S in this Base Prospectus. 
Selected Financial Information 
The following tables set out selected financial information concerning Ørsted Wind’s assets and liabilities, 
financial position and profits and losses as at the dates and for the periods specified therein: 
Table 1: Ørsted Wind – Income Statement (Danish GAAP) 
(DKK Million) 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(1) 
Income 
Gross profit  
0 
(31)

--- Page 231 ---
231 
Profit/loss before tax  
837 
903 
Profit/loss for the year  
680 
721 
Notes: 
(1) Source: Audited annual report of Ørsted Wind for the financial year ended 31 December 2023. 
 
Table 2: Ørsted Wind - Balance Sheet (Danish GAAP) 
(DKK Million) 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(1) 
Assets 
Investments in subsidiaries  
6,923 
12,112 
Receivables from subsidiaries  
9,236 
18,406 
Receivables from group enterprises  
7,580 
4,866 
Cash at bank and in hand 
152 
1 
Total current assets  
7,738 
5,009 
Total assets  
23,897 
35,528 
(DKK Million) 
FY 2022(1) 
FY 2023(1) 
Equity and Liabilities 
Share capital  
7,276 
7,376 
Equity  
11,105 
19,327 
Other debt raised by the issuance of bonds   
6,107 
5,937 
Total non-current liabilities  
7,274 
6,850 
Total Current liabilities  
5,517 
9,351 
Total equity and liabilities  
23,897 
35,528 
Notes: 
 
 
 
 
(1) Source: Audited annual report of Ørsted Wind for the financial year ended 31 December 2023.  
Auditors of Ørsted Wind 
The auditors of Ørsted Wind for 2022 and 2023 were PwC (authorised by the Danish Commerce and Companies 
Agency and regulated by the Danish Auditors Act and otherwise by the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark). 
PwC has audited the parent company financial statements of Ørsted Wind as at and for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 in accordance with the Danish Financial Statements Act and 
additional requirements under Danish audit regulation. PwC has issued an unqualified auditors’ report without 
emphasis of matter on such parent company financial statements. PwC has no financial interest in Ørsted.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR NOTES (OTHER THAN SENIOR NTD NOTES) 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Senior Notes (Other than Senior NTD Notes) issued under the 
Programme will be substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the 
relevant Senior Notes (Other than Senior NTD Notes) and their issue. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]12 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]13 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
 
12 Include where “Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors” under Part B item 10 (Distribution) of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”. 
13 Include where “Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors” under Part B item 10 (Distribution) of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”)]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – In connection 
with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the “SFA”), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products.]14 
Final Terms dated [date] 
Ørsted A/S 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): W9NG6WMZIYEU8VEDOG48 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Notes] by Ørsted A/S (the 
“Issuer”) Guaranteed by Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S (the “Guarantor”) 
under the €15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes (other than the Senior NTD Notes) (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 4 
March 2024 [and the supplement(s) thereto dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the 
“Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the 
Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, www.luxse.com. 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or to supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
 
14 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer is to consider, prior to the launch of the offer, the product classification of the 
relevant Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA], in each case, 
in relation to such an offer.]15 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date). 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes (other than the Senior NTD Notes) (the “Conditions”) contained in the Trust Deed dated [3 May 
2019/4 November 2019/30 October 2020/22 February 2022/20 February 2023] and set forth in the base 
prospectus dated [3 May 2019/4 November 2019/30 October 2020/22 February 2022/20 February 2023] and 
incorporated by reference into the base prospectus dated 4 March 2024 [and the supplement(s) thereto dated 
[●]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation] and in order to obtain all the 
relevant information must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 4 March 2024 [and the 
supplement(s) thereto dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The base prospectuses [and the supplement(s) thereto] are available for viewing on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.luxse.com.  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms). 
1
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the temporary 
Global Note for interests in the permanent Global Note, as 
described in these Final Terms [which is expected to occur on 
or about [●]]] 
2
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
4
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]] 
5
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
Issue Date/Not Applicable/Other 
7
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
15 Include this text if the Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors and the Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors legends are deleted.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
8
Interest Basis: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate/[EURIBOR/ 
CIBOR/CMS 
London/CMS Brussels/[specify benchmark]] [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate/Zero Coupon/Inflation Linked Interest 
 
 
See paragraph 13/14/15/16 below 
9
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date [at par/in 
instalments/in accordance with Condition 6(a) – Indexation of 
Principal 
10
Change of Interest or Redemption/ 
Payment Basis: 
Not Applicable/[●] 
11
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put]  
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption Amount] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Redemption for Index Reasons] 
12
Date of Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-annually/ 
quarterly/monthly/other] in arrear] 
 
(ii) [Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted for payment purposes only in 
accordance with the [Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]/, not 
adjusted]] 
 
(iii) [Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iv) [Broken Amount(s): 
Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
 
(v) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]] 
 
(vi) [Determination Date(s): 
Not Applicable/[●] in each year] 
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable

--- Page 236 ---
236 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Interest Period(s): 
[●]] 
 
(ii) [Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) [First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]] 
 
(iv) [Interest Period Date: 
Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) [Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) [Business Centre(s): 
[●]] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) [Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rates of Interest 
and Interest Amounts): 
Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(ix) [Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
EURIBOR/CIBOR/CMS London/CMS Brussels/ [specify 
benchmark] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
[CMS 
London/CMS 
Brussels only:] 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date(s): 
[●]] 
 
(x) [ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) [Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation]] 
 
(xii) [Margin(s): 
+/- [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiii) [Minimum Rate of Interest: 
Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv) [Maximum Rate of Interest: 
Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]

--- Page 237 ---
237 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]] 
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
16
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Index: 
[RPI/CPI]] 
 
(ii) [Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Index Ratio] 
 
(iii) [Name 
and 
address 
of 
Calculation Agent: 
[●]] 
 
(iv) [Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●]] 
 
(v) [Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Floating Rate Convention] 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(vi) [Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable]] 
 
(vii) [Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]] 
 
(viii) [Base Index Figure: 
[●]] 
 
(ix) [Index Figure applicable to: 
[[●] month lag applies] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) [t: 
[●] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) [Reference Gilt: 
[[●] per cent. Index-Linked Treasury Stock due [●]] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
(xii) [Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum]  
 
(xiii) [Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 238 ---
238 
17
Call Option: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]] 
 
(ii) [Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) [If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iv) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
18
Clean-up Call Option: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(ii) [Minimum Percentage: 
[●] per cent.] 
 
(iii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
19
Make-Whole Redemption: 
Applicable/Applicable from, and including, [●] to, but 
excluding, [●]/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[●]] 
 
(ii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
 
(iii) [Make-Whole Reference Bond: 
[●]] 
 
(iv) [If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
20
Put Option: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]] 
 
(ii) [Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]]

--- Page 239 ---
239 
21
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
22
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable per Note 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
23
Fundamental Change Reference 
Bond: 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [in 
the limited circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[in the limited circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Note]]] 
 
 
[Exchangeable Bearer Notes] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€[1] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)]] 
 
 
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable 
25
New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
Yes/No/Not Applicable 
26
Green Bond: 
Yes/No 
27
Financial Centre(s): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
28
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
Yes. The Talons mature on [●]/No 
29
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
Not Applicable/[●]

--- Page 240 ---
240 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  
 .............................................................  
 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: 
 .............................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 241 ---
241 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to the [Official List] of [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and to trading on [the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[●]]/[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [●].]/[Not Applicable] 
The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is 
a regulated market for the purposes of [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”)]/[MiFID II] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate the 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
RATINGS 
 
 
The Notes to be issued have not been rated./The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
[[Moody’s France S.A.S. 
(“Moody’s”): 
[●] 
[An obligation rated ‘[ ]’ [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The modifier [‘1’ indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic category / ‘2’ indicates a mid-range 
ranking / ‘3’ indicates a ranking in the lower end of that 
generic rating category] [Delete as applicable].  
(Source: 
Moody’s, 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-
process/Ratings-Definitions/002002)] 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“S&P”): 
[●] 
[An obligation rated ‘[ ]’ [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The [plus “+” / minus “-”] [Delete as applicable] sign 
indicates relative standing within the rating categories.  
(Source: 
S&P, 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article
/-/view/sourceId/504352)] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(“Fitch”): 
[●] 
[An obligation rated ‘[●]’ [Insert definition of [●] available 
via weblink below]. 
The modifier [“+” / “-”] [Delete as applicable] appended to 
the rating denotes relative status within major rating 
categories.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
(Source, 
Fitch 
Ratings, 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions)] 
3
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used [by 
the Issuer for general corporate purposes/[specify use of 
proceeds]./An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue 
of Notes will be used by the Issuer exclusively to finance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Projects].] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different will need to include those reasons 
here.) 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
4
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer/[●] 
5
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
6
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CIBOR/CMS London/CMS Brussels/[specify benchmark]] rates can be 
obtained from [●] 
7
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE INDEX: 
(Inflation-Linked Notes only) 
 
[The details of past and future performance and volatility of the index/formula can be obtained on 
[insert relevant website where published/Bloomberg page]. 
 
[Include details of where the information about [the/each] Index can be obtained.] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
8
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading] 
9
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent: 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
10
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of syndication: 
Syndicated/Non-syndicated

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
Name[s] of Manager[s]: 
[●] 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]16  
 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 17 
 
Prohibition of sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before selecting 
“Not Applicable”) 
 
Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors in Singapore only, “Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Notes are also offered to investors other 
than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in 
Singapore, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
 
Parties to consider the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s 
Notice on Business Conduct Requirements for Corporate 
Finance Advisers on 23 February 2023 (last updated on 21 
June 2023) and the related due diligence requirements. “Not 
Applicable” should only be specified if no corporate finance 
advice is given by any manager or Dealer.) 
11
ADDITIONAL OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]: 
Not Applicable/[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Against payment/Free of payment 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered notes]] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
16 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
17 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[EURIBOR]/[CIBOR]/[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011.]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 245 ---
245 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES  
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme will be 
substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes and their issue. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]18 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]19 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
 
18 Include where “Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors” under Part B item 8 (Distribution) of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”. 
19 Include where “Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors” under Part B item 8 (Distribution) of the Final Terms specifies “Applicable”.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”)]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – In connection 
with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the “SFA”), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products.]20 
Final Terms dated [date] 
Ørsted A/S 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): W9NG6WMZIYEU8VEDOG48 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Subordinated Notes] by Ørsted A/S (the 
“Issuer”)  
under the €15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 4 March 2024 [and the 
supplement(s) thereto dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for 
the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and any 
supplement(s) thereto] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
www.luxse.com.] 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or to supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
 
20 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer is to consider, prior to the launch of the offer, the product classification of the 
relevant Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA], in each case, 
in relation to such an offer.]21  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms). 
1
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [●] 
on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the temporary Global Note 
for interests in the permanent Global Note, as described in these 
Final Terms [which is expected to occur on or about [●]]] 
2
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
4
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]] 
5
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/Other] 
7
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
8
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent.] Resettable Rate Subordinated Notes 
 
 
See paragraph [12/13] below 
9
Call Options: 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Accounting Event] 
[Ratings Event] 
Tax Event 
(further particulars specified below) 
10
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
11
Date of Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
21 Include this text if the Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors and the Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors legends are deleted.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
12
Resettable Rate Note Provisions 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [[annually/semi-annually/ 
quarterly/monthly/other] in arrear] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●][ and [●] in each year] 
 
(iii) [Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iv) [Broken Amount(s): 
 
Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
 
(v) Margin(s): 
[●]/Not Applicable  
 
(vi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(vii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(viii) Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate/Benchmark Gilt Rate] 
 
(ix) Reset Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
As set out in the Conditions/[●] [in each year] 
 
(x) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Fixed Leg Frequency: 
[●] 
 
(xii) Floating Leg Frequency: 
[●] 
 
(xiii)  Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xv) Benchmark Gilt: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) Benchmark Gilt Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xvii) 
Benchmark Frequency: 
[●] 
 
(xviii) 
Step-Up Dates:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[●]/[●] 
(Specify if different Step-Up Dates apply within certain date 
ranges) 
 
(xix) Step-Up Rate(s): 
 [Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[●]/[●] 
(Specify if different Step-Up Rates apply within certain date 
ranges)  
 
(xx) First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xxi) Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
 Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xxiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual – (ICMA)] 
 
(xxiv) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[●] 
 
(xxv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(xxvi) 
 Party, if any, responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
[●]/Not Applicable

--- Page 249 ---
249 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Issuing and Paying 
Agent): 
 
(xxvii) First 
Reset 
Period 
Fallback: 
[●] 
13
First Call Date: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
14
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●]]  
 
(ii) [Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
15
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Redemption Amount: 
[Principal amount (together with any interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any Outstanding 
Payments] 
 
(ii) [Minimum Percentage: 
[●] per cent.] 
 
(iii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
16
Make-Whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin(s): 
[●] (specify if different Margins apply within certain date 
ranges) 
 
(ii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
 
(iii) Reference Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(iv) [Reference Security: 
[●]]  
 
(v) [If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
17
Accounting Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
(i) 
[Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●][[       ] per Calculation Amount [before [       ] and [       ] per 
Calculation Amount after [       ]]  
(Note tiered pricing for Accounting Event as set out in Condition 
6(d)) 
 
(ii) Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●] 
18
Ratings Event: 
Applicable/Not Applicable  
 
(i) 
[Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
[●][[       ] per Calculation Amount [before [       ] and [       ] per 
Calculation Amount after [       ]] 
(Note tiered pricing for Ratings Event as set out in Condition 
6(e)) 
 
(ii) Notice Period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●] 
19
Tax Event: 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each Note: 
[●][[       ] per Calculation Amount [before [       ] and [       ] per 
Calculation Amount after [       ]] 
(Note (a) principal amount (plus interest and Outstanding 
Payments) is applicable for Condition 6(b)(i)(a) and (b) the 
Early Redemption Amount and principal amount (together with 
interest and Outstanding Payments) is applicable (depending on 
time of call in respect of Condition 6(b)(i)(b)).  
 
(ii) Notice Period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●] 
20
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable per 
Note on redemption when 
applicable: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes [in 
the limited circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Note]]] 
 
 
[Exchangeable Bearer Notes] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€[1] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)]]

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
 
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable 
23
New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
Yes/No/Not Applicable 
24
Green Bond: 
Yes/No 
25
Financial Centre(s): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
26
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
Yes. The Talons mature on [●]/No 
27
Outstanding Hybrid Securities: 
 [[●] and] Ørsted’s EUR 2.250 per cent. Subordinated Capital 
Securities due 3017, Ørsted’s EUR 1.750 per cent. Subordinated 
Capital Securities due 3019, Ørsted’s EUR 1.500 per cent. 
Subordinated Capital Securities due 3021, Ørsted’s GBP 2.500 
per cent. Subordinated Capital Securities due 3021, Ørsted’s 
EUR 5.250 per cent. Subordinated Capital Securities due 3022.]  
(List those that are outstanding as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes) 
 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 .............................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 252 ---
252 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to the [Official List] of [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and to trading on [the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[●]]/[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [●].]/[Not Applicable] 
The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a 
regulated market for the purposes of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”)]/[MiFID II] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate the 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
RATINGS 
 
 
The Notes to be issued have not been rated./The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
[[Moody’s France S.A.S. 
(“Moody’s”): 
[●] 
[An obligation rated ‘[ ]’ [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The modifier [‘1’ indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic category / ‘2’ indicates a mid-range 
ranking / ‘3’ indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic 
rating category] [Delete as applicable].  
(Source: 
Moody’s, 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-
process/Ratings-Definitions/002002)] 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”): 
[●] 
[An obligation rated  ‘[ ]’ [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The [plus “+” / minus “-”] [Delete as applicable] sign indicates 
relative standing within the rating categories.  
(Source: 
S&P, 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-
/view/sourceId/504352)] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(“Fitch”): 
[●] 
[An obligation rated ‘[●]’ [Insert definition of [●] available via 
weblink below]. 
The modifier [“+” / “-”] [Delete as applicable] appended to the 
rating denotes relative status within major rating categories.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
(Source, 
Fitch 
Ratings, 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions)] 
 
[Replacement Intention: 
The following does not form part of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes.  
[The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming any legal or 
contractual obligation whatsoever) that it will only redeem or 
repurchase the Notes to the extent that the equity credit of the 
Notes to be redeemed or repurchased does not exceed the 
equity credit resulting from the sale or issuance prior to the 
date of such redemption or repurchase by the Issuer or any 
subsidiary of the Issuer of replacement securities to third party 
purchasers (other than subsidiaries of the Issuer). 
The foregoing shall not apply if: 
(a) the issuer rating (or such equivalent nomenclature then 
used by S&P) assigned by S&P to the Issuer is at least 
equal to the rating on the date of the last additional hybrid 
issuance (excluding refinancing) and the Issuer is 
comfortable that such rating would not fall below this level 
as a result of such redemption or repurchase; or  
(b) the “stand-alone credit profile” (or such equivalent 
nomenclature then used by S&P) assigned by S&P to the 
Issuer is at least equal to the stand-alone credit profile on 
the date of the last additional hybrid issuance (excluding 
refinancing) and the Issuer is of the view that such 
“stand-alone credit profile” would not fall below this 
level as a result of such redemption or repurchase; or  
(c)  the Notes are not assigned any equity credit as hybrid 
securities (or such similar nomenclature then used by 
S&P) at the time of such redemption or repurchase; or  
(d) the Notes are (x) redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 6(d) (Redemption for 
Accounting Reasons), 6(e) (Redemption for a Ratings 
Event) or 6(f) (Clean-up Call Option of the Issuer) or (y) 
cease, or are deemed to have ceased to be, outstanding 
following a substitution or variation in accordance with 
Condition 6(g) (Substitution or Variation); or  
(e) less than (x) 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of hybrid capital outstanding is repurchased or 
redeemed in any period of 12 consecutive months or (y) 
25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of hybrid 
capital outstanding is repurchased or redeemed in any 
period of 10 consecutive years; or  
(f) the relevant repurchase pursuant to Condition 6(j) 
(Purchase) has followed an injection of common equity or 
other instruments which are granted on issuance high 
equity content in the Issuer’s capital structure where the

--- Page 254 ---
254 
amount of such injection is equal to or more than the 
amount of equity credit assigned by S&P to the Notes 
being repurchased at the time of their issuance; or  
(g) in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase would cause 
the Issuer’s outstanding hybrid capital which is assigned 
equity credit by S&P to be reduced to the maximum 
aggregate principal amount of hybrid capital which S&P, 
under its then prevailing methodology, would assign 
equity credit to based on the Issuer’s adjusted total 
capitalisation; or  
(h) such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after [●]. 
[Note: populate with date specified in relation to redemption 
and repurchase intention]  
For the purposes of the foregoing, “equity credit” (or 
such similar nomenclature then used by S&P) describes: 
(i) 
the part of the nominal amount of the Notes that was 
assigned equity credit by S&P at the time of their 
issuance; and  
(ii) 
the part of the net proceeds received from issuance of 
replacement securities that was assigned equity credit 
by S&P at the time of their sale or issuance (or the 
equity credit S&P has confirmed will be assigned by it 
upon expiry or waiver of issuer call rights which prevent 
the assignment of equity credit by S&P on the issue date 
of such replacement securities).] 
  
3
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used [by the 
Issuer for general corporate purposes/[specify use of 
proceeds]./An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of 
Notes will be used by the Issuer exclusively to finance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Projects].] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different will need to include those reasons 
here.) 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
4
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer/[●] 
5
YIELD  
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
6
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading] 
7
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent: 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
8
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of syndication: 
Syndicated/Non-syndicated 
 
Name[s] of Manager[s]: 
[●] 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]22  
 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 23 
 
Prohibition of sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before selecting 
“Not Applicable”) 
 
Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors in Singapore only, “Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes are also offered to 
investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors in Singapore, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. 
Parties to consider the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s 
Notice on Business Conduct Requirements for Corporate 
Finance Advisers on 23 February 2023 (last updated on 21 
June 2023) and the related due diligence requirements. 
“Not Applicable” should only be specified if no corporate 
finance advice is given by any manager or Dealer.) 
 
9
ADDITIONAL OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
22 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
23 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]: 
Not Applicable/[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Against payment/Free of payment 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] 
[include this text for registered notes]] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 257 ---
257 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR SENIOR NOTES 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Exempt Notes issued under the Programme will be 
substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Exempt Notes 
and their issue. 
References to “Notes” in the Pricing Supplement shall be read and construed as a reference to Exempt Notes. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
“PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. THE 
COMMISSION DE SURVEILLANCE DU SECTEUR FINANCIER HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR 
REVIEWED ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND ANY NOTES 
ISSUED PURSUANT TO THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT ARE NOT COMPLIANT WITH THE 
PROSPECTUS REGULATION. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Exempt Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Exempt 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Exempt Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Exempt Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Exempt Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Exempt Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Exempt Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Exempt Notes (by

--- Page 258 ---
258 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”)]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – In connection 
with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the “SFA”), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products.]24] 
Pricing Supplement dated [date] 
[Ørsted A/S 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): W9NG6WMZIYEU8VEDOG48] 
[Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 529900GP5ZYMYXKYNF09 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Notes/Senior NTD Notes] by 
[Ørsted A/S/Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S] (the “Issuer”) Guaranteed by [Ørsted 
A/S/Ørsted Wind Power TW Holding A/S] (the “Guarantor”) 
under the €15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes (Other than the Senior NTD Notes)]/[Terms and Conditions of the Senior NTD Notes] (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 4 March 2024 [and the supplementary listing particular(s) 
dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] listing particulars (the “Listing Particulars”). This document 
constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Exempt Notes described herein must be read in conjunction with the 
Listing Particulars in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Exempt Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Listing 
 
24  
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer is to consider, prior to the launch of the offer, the product classification 
of the relevant Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
Particulars. The Listing Particulars [and any supplement(s) thereto] [is] [are] available for viewing during 
normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the registered offices of the Issuer at Nesa Allé 1, 
2820 Gentofte, Denmark. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under Listing Particulars with an earlier date). 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes (Other than the Senior NTD Notes)]/[Terms and Conditions of the Senior NTD Notes] (the 
“Conditions”) contained in the Trust Deed dated [3 May 2019/4 November 2019/30 October 2020/22 February 
2022/20 February 2023] and set forth in the base prospectus dated [3 May 2019/4 November 2019/30 October 
2020/22 February 2022/20 February 2023] and incorporated by reference into the base prospectus dated 4 
March 2024 [and the supplement(s) thereto dated [●]]. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of 
the Exempt Notes described herein and in order to obtain all the relevant information must be read in 
conjunction with the listing particulars dated 4 March 2024 [and the supplement(s) thereto dated [●]], which 
[together] constitute[s] listing particulars (the “Listing Particulars”). The Listing Particulars [and any 
supplement(s) thereto are available for viewing during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained 
from, the registered offices of the Issuer at Nesa Allé 1, 2820 Gentofte, Denmark.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement). 
1
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
Not Applicable/The Exempt Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the temporary 
Global Note for interests in the permanent Global Note, as 
described in this Pricing Supplement [which is expected to 
occur on or about [●]] 
2
Specified Currency: 
[●]/[New Taiwan Dollar (“NTD”)] 
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
4
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]] 
5
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
Issue Date/Not Applicable/Other 
7
Maturity Date: 
[●]

--- Page 260 ---
260 
8
Interest Basis: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate/[EURIBOR/ 
CIBOR/CMS 
London/CMS Brussels/[specify benchmark]] [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate/[Zero Coupon]/[Inflation Linked Interest]25 
 
 
See paragraph 13/14/15/16 below 
9
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date [at par/in 
instalments/in accordance with Condition 6(a) – Indexation of 
Principal 
10
Change of Interest or Redemption/ 
Payment Basis: 
Not Applicable/[●] 
11
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption Amount]  
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Redemption for Index Reasons]26 
12
Date of Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-annually/ 
quarterly/monthly/other] in arrear] 
 
(ii) [Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted for payment purposes only in 
accordance with the [Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]/, not 
adjusted]] 
 
(iii) [Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iv) [Broken Amount(s): 
Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
 
(v) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]] 
 
25 Only select this option for issuances of Notes (other than NTD Notes). 
26 Only select this option for issuances of Notes (other than NTD Notes).

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
(vi) [Determination Date(s): 
Not Applicable/[●] in each year] 
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Interest Period(s): 
[●]] 
 
(ii) [Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●]] 
 
(iii) [First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]] 
 
(iv) [Interest Period Date: 
Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) [Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention] 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) [Business Centre(s): 
[●]] 
 
(vii) [Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) [Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rates of Interest 
and Interest Amounts): 
Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(ix) [Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
EURIBOR/CIBOR/CMS London/CMS Brussels/ [specify 
benchmark] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
 [CMS 
London/CMS 
Brussels only:] 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date(s): 
[●]] 
 
(x) [ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) [Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation]] 
 
(xii) [Margin(s): 
+/- [●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiii) [Minimum Rate of Interest: 
Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
(xiv) [Maximum Rate of Interest: 
Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]] 
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
16
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
Applicable27/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Index: 
[RPI/CPI]]  
 
(ii) [Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Index Ratio] 
 
(iii) [Name 
and 
address 
of 
Calculation Agent: 
[●]] 
 
(iv) [Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●]] 
 
(v) [Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Floating Rate Convention] 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) [Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●][Not Applicable]] 
 
(vii) [Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]] 
 
(viii) [Base Index Figure: 
[●]] 
 
(ix) [Index Figure applicable to: 
[[●] month lag applies] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) [t: 
[●] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) [Reference Gilt: 
[[●] per cent. Index-Linked Treasury Stock due [●]] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
27 Only select this option for issuances of Notes (other than NTD Notes).

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
(xii) [Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiii) [Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17
Call Option: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]] 
 
(ii) [Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) [If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iv) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
18
Clean-up Call Option: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(ii) [Minimum Percentage: 
[●] per cent.] 
 
(iii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
19
Make-Whole Redemption: 
Applicable/Applicable from, and including, [●] to, but 
excluding, [●]/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[●]] 
 
(ii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
 
(iii) [Make-Whole Reference Bond: 
[●]] 
 
(iv) [If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
20
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]28 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●]] 
 
28 Select “Not Applicable” for issuances of NTD Notes.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
(ii) [Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
21
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
22
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable per Note 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [in 
the limited circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[in the limited circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Note]]] 
 
 
[Exchangeable Bearer Notes] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€[1] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)]] 
[Registered Book-Entry Notes: 
Registered Book-Entry Notes registered by the TDCC]29 
 
 
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable 
24
New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
Yes/No/Not Applicable 
25
Green Bond: 
Yes/No 
26
Financial Centre(s): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
27
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Yes. The Talons mature on [●]/No 
 
29 Select this option for NTD Notes.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
28
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
amount of each instalment date on 
which each payment is to be made: 
Not Applicable/[●] 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 .............................................................  
 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: 
 .............................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 266 ---
266 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(a) Listing: 
[Taipei Exchange /[●]/None] 
 
(b) Admission to trading: 
[[  ]/None] Application [has been made] [is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Taipei Exchange (“TPEx”) in the 
Republic of China. The Notes will be traded on the TPEx 
pursuant to the applicable rules of the TPEx. Effective date of 
listing of the Notes on the TPEx is expected on or about [●]. 
The TPEx is not responsible for the content of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Base Prospectus and any supplement or 
amendment thereto and no representation is made by the 
TPEx to the accuracy or completeness of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Base Prospectus and any supplement or 
amendment thereto. The TPEx expressly disclaims any and all 
liability for any losses arising from, or as a result of the 
reliance on, all or part of the contents of this Pricing 
Supplement, the Base Prospectus and any supplement or 
amendment thereto. Admission to listing and trading of the 
Notes on the TPEx shall not be taken as an indication of the 
merits of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(c) Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
RATINGS 
 
 
The Notes to be issued have not been rated./The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
[[Moody’s France S.A.S. 
[(“Moody’s”)]: 
[●]] 
[An obligation rated ‘[ ]’ [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The modifier [‘1’ indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic category / ‘2’ indicates a mid-range 
ranking / ‘3’ indicates a ranking in the lower end of that 
generic rating category] [Delete as applicable].  
(Source: 
Moody’s, 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-
process/Ratings-Definitions/002002)]  
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
[(“S&P”)]: 
[●]] 
[An obligation rated ‘[ ]’ [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The [plus “+” / minus “-”] [Delete as applicable] sign 
indicates relative standing within the rating categories.  
(Source: 
S&P, 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/
-/view/sourceId/504352)]

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
[(“Fitch”)]: 
[●]] 
[An obligation rated ‘[●]’ [Insert definition of [●] available 
via weblink below]. 
The modifier [“+” / “-”] [Delete as applicable] appended to 
the rating denotes relative status within major rating 
categories.  
(Source, 
Fitch 
Ratings, 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions)]  
3
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used [by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes/[specify use of proceeds]./An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be 
used by the Issuer exclusively to finance, in whole or in part, Eligible Projects].] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons for offer different will need to include 
those reasons here.) 
4
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Listing Particulars, so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Exempt Notes has an interest material to the offer/[●] 
5
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
6
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading] 
7
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent: 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
CTBC Bank Co., Ltd./[●]/Not Applicable 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
8
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of syndication: 
Syndicated/Non-syndicated 
 
Name[s] of Manager[s]: 
[●] 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable30/[●] 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]31 
 
30 Select this option for issuances of NTD Notes. 
31 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]32 
 
Prohibition of sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before selecting 
“Not Applicable”) 
 
Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors in Singapore only, “Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Notes are also offered to investors other 
than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in 
Singapore, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
 
Parties to consider the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s 
Notice on Business Conduct Requirements for Corporate 
Finance Advisers on 23 February 2023 (last updated on 21 
June 2023) and the related due diligence requirements. “Not 
Applicable” should only be specified if no corporate finance 
advice is given by any manager or Dealer.) 
9
ADDITIONAL OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]: 
[Not Applicable]/ [Taiwanese Depository & Clearing 
Corporation]33/ [●]  
 
Delivery: 
Against payment/Free of payment 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 34 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered notes]] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in 
 
32 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
33 Select this option for issuances of NTD Notes. 
34 Select this option for issuances of NTD Notes.

--- Page 269 ---
269 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]]

--- Page 270 ---
270 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The Pricing Supplement in respect of each Tranche of Exempt Notes issued under the Programme will be 
substantially in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Exempt Notes 
and their issue. 
References to “Notes” in the Pricing Supplement shall be read and construed as a reference to Exempt Notes. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE 
“PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. THE 
COMMISSION DE SURVEILLANCE DU SECTEUR FINANCIER HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR 
REVIEWED ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND ANY NOTES 
ISSUED PURSUANT TO THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT ARE NOT COMPLIANT WITH THE 
PROSPECTUS REGULATION. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Exempt Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Exempt 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Exempt Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Exempt Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Exempt Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Exempt Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Exempt Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Exempt Notes (by

--- Page 271 ---
271 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”)]/[distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – In connection 
with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to 
time (the “SFA”), and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore 
(the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products.]35] 
Pricing Supplement dated [date] 
Ørsted A/S 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): W9NG6WMZIYEU8VEDOG48 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Subordinated Notes] by Ørsted A/S (the 
“Issuer”)  
under the €15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 4 March 2024 [and the 
supplementary listing particular(s) dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] listing particulars (the “Listing 
Particulars”). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Exempt Notes described herein must 
be read in conjunction with the Listing Particulars in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Exempt Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of this Pricing Supplement and the Listing Particulars. The Listing Particulars [and any supplement(s) thereto] 
[is] [are] available for viewing during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the registered 
offices of the Issuer at Nesa Allé 1, 2820 Gentofte, Denmark. 
 
35  
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer is to consider, prior to the launch of the offer, the product classification 
of the relevant Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement). 
1
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [●] 
on [[●]/the Issue Date/exchange of the temporary Global Note 
for interests in the permanent Global Note, as described in these 
Final Terms [which is expected to occur on or about [●]]] 
2
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
4
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]] 
5
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
6
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/Other] 
7
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
8
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent.] Resettable Rate Subordinated Notes 
 
 
See paragraph [12/13] below 
9
Call Options: 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Accounting Event] 
[Ratings Event] 
Tax Event 
(further particulars specified below) 
10
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
11
Date of Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12
Resettable Rate Note Provisions 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [[annually/semi-annually/ 
quarterly/monthly/other] in arrear]

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●][ and [●] in each year]  
 
(iii) [Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(iv) [Broken Amount(s): 
 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
Not Applicable/[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]  
 
(v) Margin(s): 
[●]/Not Applicable  
 
(vi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(vii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(viii) Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate/Benchmark Gilt Rate] 
 
(ix) Reset Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
As set out in the Conditions/[●] [in each year] 
 
(x) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Fixed Leg Frequency: 
[●] 
 
(xii) Floating Leg Frequency: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xv) Benchmark Gilt: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) Benchmark Gilt Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xvii) 
Benchmark Frequency: 
[●]  
 
(xviii) 
Step-Up Dates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●]/[●] 
(Specify if different Step-Up Dates apply within certain date 
ranges) 
 
(xix) Step-Up Rate(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●]/[●] 
(Specify if different Step-Up Rates apply within certain date 
ranges) 
 
(xx) First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xxi) Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●]/[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xxiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual – (ICMA)] 
 
(xxiv) 
Reset Rate Time: 
[●] 
 
(xxv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(xxvi) 
 Party, if any, responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Issuing and Paying 
Agent): 
[●]/Not Applicable

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
(xxvii) First Reset Period Fallback 
[●] 
13
First Call Date: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
14
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●]]  
 
(ii) [Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
15
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Redemption Amount: 
[Principal amount (together with any interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption and any Outstanding 
Payments] 
 
(ii) [Minimum Percentage: 
[●] per cent.] 
 
(iii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
16
Make-Whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin(s): 
[●] (specify if different Margins apply within certain date 
ranges) 
 
(ii) [Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]] 
 
(iii) Reference Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(iv) [Reference Security: 
[●]] 
 
(v) [If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount] 
17
Accounting Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] [[       ] per Calculation Amount [before [       ] and [       ] per 
Calculation Amount after [       ]]  
(Note tiered pricing for Accounting Event as set out in Condition 
6(d)) 
 
(ii) Notice period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●]

--- Page 275 ---
275 
18
Ratings Event: 
Applicable/Not Applicable  
(i) 
[Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
[●] [[       ] per Calculation Amount [before [       ] and [       ] per 
Calculation Amount after [       ]] 
(Note tiered pricing for Ratings Event as set out in Condition 
6(e)) 
 
(ii) Notice Period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●] 
19
Tax Event: 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each Note: 
 
[●] [[       ] per Calculation Amount [before [       ] and [       ] per 
Calculation Amount after [       ]] 
(Note (a) principal amount (plus interest and Outstanding 
Payments) is applicable for Condition 6(b)(i)(a) and (b) the 
Early Redemption Amount and principal amount (together with 
interest and Outstanding Payments) is applicable (depending on 
time of call in respect of Condition 6(b)(i)(b)) 
 
(ii) Notice Period: 
As set out in the Conditions/[●] 
20
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable per 
Note on redemption when 
applicable: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes [in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[●] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes [in 
the limited circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Note]]] 
 
 
[Exchangeable Bearer Notes] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€[1] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)]] 
 
 
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable 
23
New Global Note/New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
Yes/No/Not Applicable 
24
Green Bond: 
Yes/No 
25
Financial Centre(s): 
Not Applicable/[●]

--- Page 276 ---
276 
26
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
Yes. The Talons mature on [●]/No 
27
Outstanding Hybrid Securities: 
 [[●] and] Ørsted’s EUR 2.250 per cent. Subordinated Capital 
Securities due 3017, Ørsted’s EUR 1.750 per cent. Subordinated 
Capital Securities due 3019, Ørsted’s EUR 1.500 per cent. 
Subordinated Capital Securities due 3021, Ørsted’s GBP 2.500 
per cent. Subordinated Capital Securities due 3021, Ørsted’s 
EUR 5.250 per cent. Subordinated Capital Securities due 3022.] 
(List those that are outstanding as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes) 
 
 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 .............................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 277 ---
277 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
Admission to trading: 
 [●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate the 
original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
RATINGS 
 
 
The Notes to be issued have not been rated./The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
[[Moody’s France S.A.S. 
(“Moody’s”): 
[●] 
[An obligation rated ‘[ ]’ [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The modifier [‘1’ indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic category / ‘2’ indicates a mid-range 
ranking / ‘3’ indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic 
rating category] [Delete as applicable].  
(Source: 
Moody’s, 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-
process/Ratings-Definitions/002002)]  
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“S&P”): 
[●] 
[An obligation rated ‘[ ]’ [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The [plus “+” / minus “-”] [Delete as applicable] sign indicates 
relative standing within the rating categories.  
(Source: 
S&P, 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/
-/view/sourceId/504352)]  
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(“Fitch”): 
[●] 
[An obligation rated ‘[●]’ [Insert definition of [●] available via 
weblink below]. 
The modifier [“+” / “-”] [Delete as applicable] appended to the 
rating denotes relative status within major rating categories.  
(Source, 
Fitch 
Ratings, 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions)]  
 
[Replacement Intention: 
The following does not form part of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes.  
[The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming any legal or 
contractual obligation whatsoever) that it will only redeem or 
repurchase the Notes to the extent that the equity credit of the 
Notes to be redeemed or repurchased does not exceed the 
equity credit resulting from the sale or issuance prior to the 
date of such redemption or repurchase by the Issuer or any

--- Page 278 ---
278 
subsidiary of the Issuer of replacement securities to third party 
purchasers (other than subsidiaries of the Issuer). 
The foregoing shall not apply if: 
(a) the issuer rating (or such equivalent nomenclature then 
used by S&P) assigned by S&P to the Issuer is at least 
equal to the rating on the date of the last additional 
hybrid issuance (excluding refinancing) and the Issuer is 
comfortable that such rating would not fall below this 
level as a result of such redemption or repurchase; or  
(b) the “stand-alone credit profile” (or such equivalent 
nomenclature then used by S&P) assigned by S&P to the 
Issuer is at least equal to the stand-alone credit profile on 
the date of the last additional hybrid issuance (excluding 
refinancing) and the Issuer is of the view that such 
“stand-alone credit profile” would not fall below this 
level as a result of such redemption or repurchase; or  
(c)  the Notes are not assigned any equity credit as hybrid 
securities (or such similar nomenclature then used by 
S&P) at the time of such redemption or repurchase; or  
(d) the Notes are (x) redeemed pursuant to Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 6(d) (Redemption for 
Accounting Reasons), 6(e) (Redemption for a Ratings 
Event) or 6(f) (Clean-up Call Option of the Issuer) or (y) 
cease, or are deemed to have ceased to be, outstanding 
following a substitution or variation in accordance with 
Condition 6(g) (Substitution or Variation); or  
(e) less than (x) 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of hybrid capital outstanding is repurchased or 
redeemed in any period of 12 consecutive months or (y) 
25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of hybrid 
capital outstanding is repurchased or redeemed in any 
period of 10 consecutive years; or  
(f) the relevant repurchase pursuant to Condition 6(j) 
(Purchase) has followed an injection of common equity 
or other instruments which are granted on issuance high 
equity content in the Issuer’s capital structure where the 
amount of such injection is equal to or more than the 
amount of equity credit assigned by S&P to the Notes 
being repurchased at the time of their issuance; or  
(g) in the case of a repurchase, such repurchase would cause 
the Issuer’s outstanding hybrid capital which is assigned 
equity credit by S&P to be reduced to the maximum 
aggregate principal amount of hybrid capital which S&P, 
under its then prevailing methodology, would assign 
equity credit to based on the Issuer’s adjusted total 
capitalisation; or

--- Page 279 ---
279 
(h) such redemption or repurchase occurs on or after [●].  
[Note: populate with date specified in relation to redemption 
and repurchase intention] 
For the purposes of the foregoing, “equity credit” (or such 
similar nomenclature then used by S&P) describes:  
(i) 
the part of the nominal amount of the Notes that was 
assigned equity credit by S&P at the time of their 
issuance; and  
(ii) 
the part of the net proceeds received from issuance of 
replacement securities that was assigned equity credit 
by S&P at the time of their sale or issuance (or the 
equity credit S&P has confirmed will be assigned by it 
upon expiry or waiver of issuer call rights which 
prevent the assignment of equity credit by S&P on the 
issue date of such replacement securities).] 
 
3
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used [by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes/[specify use of proceeds]./An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be 
used by the Issuer exclusively to finance, in whole or in part, Eligible Projects].] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Listing Particulars – if reasons for offer different will need to 
include those reasons here.) 
4
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale” in the Listing Particulars, so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Exempt Notes has an interest material to the offer/[●] 
5
YIELD  
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
6
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading] 
7
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent: 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
8
DISTRIBUTION

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
Method of syndication: 
Syndicated/Non-syndicated 
 
Name[s] of Manager[s]: 
[●] 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]36 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail 
investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]37 
 
Prohibition of sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before selecting 
“Not Applicable”) 
 
Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors in Singapore only, “Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Notes are also offered to investors other 
than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in 
Singapore, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
 
Parties to consider the Monetary Authority of Singapore’s 
Notice on Business Conduct Requirements for Corporate 
Finance Advisers on 23 February 2023 (last updated on 21 
June 2023) and the related due diligence requirements. “Not 
Applicable” should only be specified if no corporate finance 
advice is given by any manager or Dealer.) 
9
ADDITIONAL OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]: 
Not Applicable/ [●] 
 
 
 
Delivery: 
Against payment/Free of payment 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] 
[include this text for registered notes]] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
 
36 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. 
37 If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
Relevant Benchmark 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 282 ---
282 
TAXATION 
Persons considering the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes should consult their own tax advisors 
concerning the tax consequences in light of their particular situations. No representations with respect to the tax 
consequences of any particular holder are made hereby.  
Danish Taxation 
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to the Danish tax 
laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation 
and application thereof which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all 
categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. The tax considerations for Danish 
resident investors of requiring, holding or disposing the Notes depend on the investor’s tax status and the 
specific terms applicable to every single issuance. Potential investors are in all circumstances strongly 
recommended to contact their own tax advisors to clarify the individual consequences of the investment, holding 
and disposal of the Notes. No representations with respect to the tax consequences of any particular holder are 
made hereby.  
The below description assumes that the Notes when issued will qualify as ordinary debt instruments for Danish 
tax law purposes. Generally, Danish tax law qualification of debt instruments adheres to the Danish civil law 
qualification of the debt instruments in question. Accordingly, if the Notes are qualified as debt instruments 
under Danish civil law they would also be classified as debt instruments for the purpose of Danish tax law. 
From a civil law perspective, the Notes constitute debt instruments. The civil law qualification and tax law 
qualification of a specific issuance of Notes is however subject to the applicable terms and conditions (as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) of the Notes in question. If 
the applicable terms and conditions (as completed by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) of the Notes contain terms which are unusual for debt instruments, the Notes may not constitute 
debt instruments for Danish tax law purposes. If any Notes were not to constitute debt instruments for Danish 
tax law purposes, then the tax treatment of such Notes, including whether payments under such Notes would 
be subject to Danish withholding tax, would depend on how such Notes were qualified for Danish tax law 
purposes. This qualification would depend on the applicable terms and conditions (as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) of such Notes. 
Non-Danish tax residents 
Under existing Danish tax laws all payments under the Notes to non-Danish resident holders will be made 
without deduction of Danish withholding tax except in certain cases on payments between affiliated parties as 
referred to in Sections 2 (1) (d) and 2 (1) (h) of the Danish Corporation Tax Act (Consolidated Act no. 1241 of 
22 August 2022, as amended) and Section 65 D of the Danish Withholding Tax Act (Consolidated Act no. 1330 
of 20 November 2023, as amended). According to Danish withholding tax rules, subject as set out in the 
paragraph below, there should be no Danish tax implications for holders of the Notes that are not affiliated with 
the Issuer pursuant to Chapter 4 of the Danish Tax Control Act (Consolidated Act. no. 12 of 8 January 2024, as 
amended). Under Danish law, affiliated parties would include, but not be limited to, cases where one party 
directly or indirectly controls the other party by way of ownership of a majority of the share capital or voting 
rights or by way of agreement or where the two parties are subject to common control. 
Pursuant to Section 3 of the Danish Tax Assessments Act (Consolidated Act no. 42 of 13 January 2023, as 
amended), an arrangement or series of arrangements (i) not entered into for commercial reasons reflecting the 
underlying economic reality and (ii) which are implemented for the primary purpose of obtaining, or one of the

--- Page 283 ---
283 
primary purposes of which is to obtain, a tax benefit which is against the purpose and intent of the Danish tax 
laws should be ignored for purposes of calculating the Danish tax liability. At the date of this Base Prospectus, 
uncertainty exists how the rule could be applied. If a holder of Notes is considered to have taken part in an 
arrangement that is covered by Section 3 of the Danish Tax Assessments Act this could result in the application 
of withholding tax to payments made to such holder under the Notes. 
The tax treatment described above applies solely to holders of Notes who are not subject to full tax liability 
in Denmark or included in a Danish international joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in 
Denmark through a permanent establishment to which the Notes are allocated. 
Danish tax residents 
Danish tax resident investors (including investors with a permanent establishment in Denmark which the Notes 
are attributable to) will generally be taxable on interest. Both capital gains and losses, if any, will with certain 
exceptions be taxable or respectively deductible. One exception to this concerns private individual investors. 
Such investors are subject to Danish taxation on gains and losses on bonds denominated in all currencies with 
the exception of an annual de minimis threshold of DKK 2,000. In respect of losses on Notes admitted to trading 
on a regulated market it is also a condition that the holding of the Notes has been reported timely to the Danish 
Tax Authority in accordance with the Danish Capital and Exchange Gains Act (Consolidated Act no. 1390 of 
29 September 2022).  
For individual investors the Notes are generally taxed on a realised basis, while for corporate entity investors 
the Notes are generally taxed based on a mark-to-market principle (in Danish: “lagerprincip”), i.e. annually on 
an unrealised basis.  
A variety of features regarding interest and principal may apply pursuant to applicable terms and conditions (as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) of the Notes. The applicable 
taxation of capital gains to corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the Notes 
in question. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following is a general description of certain tax laws relating to the Notes as in effect and as applied by 
the relevant tax authorities as at the date of this Base Prospectus and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
discussion of the tax treatment of the Notes. 
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisors on the implications of making an 
investment in, holding or disposing of Notes and the receipt of interest with respect to such Notes under the 
laws of the countries in which they may be liable to taxation. 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect subject to certain exceptions (as described below), there is no 
Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or repayments of 
principal of the Notes. 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by Luxembourg paying 
agents to Luxembourg individual residents with respect to Notes listed and admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed 
by the Luxembourg paying agent.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
The United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (including an intermediary through which Notes are held) may be 
required to withhold at a rate of 30 per cent. on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Denmark) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed 
regulations have been issued that provide such withholding would not apply prior the date that is two years after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the United States 
Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the United States Treasury Department indicated 
that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Further, Notes that 
are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for United 
States federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the United States Federal Register generally 
would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms 
and Conditions — Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of the withholding.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a Dealer Agreement dated 4 March 2024 (such 
agreement, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”) between the 
Issuers, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be offered from time to time by the Relevant 
Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, each Relevant Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on 
its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, 
or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also 
be sold by the Relevant Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Relevant Issuer. The Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Relevant Issuer, failing which (in the case of Senior Notes only) the Relevant Guarantor, will pay each 
relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it, which commission 
may be deducted from the net proceeds payable to the Relevant Issuer on the closing of any series of Notes. 
Ørsted has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with issues of Notes under the Programme. 
The Relevant Issuer and (in the case of Senior Notes only) the Relevant Guarantor have agreed to indemnify 
the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement 
entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior 
to payment for such Notes being made to the Relevant Issuer. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, each of the Issuers and their 
respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt 
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuers or their respective affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of such Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. 
United States 
The Notes, the Downstream Guarantee and the Upstream Guarantee have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except

--- Page 286 ---
286 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, 
sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer 
to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member 
State (each a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Relevant Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 287 ---
287 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For these purposes: 
(a) 
a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to

--- Page 288 ---
288 
obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Relevant Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Relevant Issuer or the Relevant Guarantor; 
and 
(b) 
it has complied with and shall comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly 
or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(the “CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy, except in accordance with the exceptions provided under the Prospectus Regulation 
and any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, any 
Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy except:

--- Page 289 ---
289 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to time; and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes 
described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the 
Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Belgium 
Unless the Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered 
or sold or otherwise made available and that it will not offer or sell or otherwise make available the Notes to 
consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique). 
Singapore 
Unless the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will 
it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or

--- Page 290 ---
290 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA), pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA or (b) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each 
Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will 
it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) 
of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before 
an offer of Notes, the Relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes directly 
or indirectly in Denmark, unless, as applicable, in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish 
Capital Markets Act, consolidated act no. 41 of 13 January 2023, as amended, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time, and any Executive Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order no. 191 of 
31 January 2022 on Investor Protection in Connection with Securities Trading, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time issued pursuant to, inter alia, the Danish Financial Business Act, consolidated act 
no. 1731 of 5 December 2023, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws, regulations and 
directives in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms (or any Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be) and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Arranger, 
any of the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 291 ---
291 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee or the Taiwanese Trustee represents 
that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale.

--- Page 292 ---
292 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued by Ørsted and which is to be 
admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II) will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of the 
temporary or permanent Global Note or one or more certificates in respect of each Tranche. The listing 
of the Programme in respect of the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) is expected to be granted on or 
around 4 March 2024. 
(2) 
In the case of Exempt Notes issued by either of Ørsted or Ørsted Wind, the relevant Notes will not be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on the Market or any other regulated market in the EEA or in the United 
Kingdom, and the relevant Pricing Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Notes will be listed 
and/or admitted to trading on an unregulated market. 
(3) 
Ørsted has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the update 
of the Programme, the issue of any Notes thereunder and the giving of the Downstream Guarantee 
relating to Senior NTD Notes issued by Ørsted Wind under the Programme. The update of the 
Programme, the issue of any Notes thereunder and the giving of the Downstream Guarantee relating to 
Senior NTD Notes issued by Ørsted Wind under the Programme were authorised by resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of Ørsted passed on 6 February 2024.  
(4) 
Ørsted Wind has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
update of the Programme, the issue of Senior NTD Notes thereunder and the giving of the Upstream 
Guarantee relating to Senior Notes issued by Ørsted under the Programme. The update of the 
Programme, the issue of Senior NTD Notes thereunder and the giving of the Upstream Guarantee 
relating to Senior Notes issued by Ørsted under the Programme were authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of Ørsted Wind dated 20 February 2024.  
(5) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of Ørsted or the Group 
since 31 December 2023, the date to which the most recent published accounts were prepared, and no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Group since 31 December 2023, the date to which the 
most recent published audited annual accounts were prepared.  
(6) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of Ørsted Wind since 31 
December 2023, the date to which the most recent published accounts were prepared, and no material 
adverse change in the prospects of Ørsted Wind since 31 December 2023, the date to which the most 
recent published audited annual accounts were prepared. 
(7) 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which either Ørsted or Ørsted Wind are aware) during the 12 months preceding 
the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Group, except for those disclosed in “Ørsted A/S — Legal 
Proceedings” on pages 214 - 215 of this Base Prospectus. 
(8) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the 
following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations 
under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in section 165(j) and 1287(a) 
of the Internal Revenue Code of the United States”. 
(9) 
Notes (other than Senior NTD Notes) have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). In relation 
to any Tranche, Notes may also be cleared through such other clearing system as may be agreed between

--- Page 293 ---
293 
Ørsted, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. The Common Code and the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (or the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). Notes issued in Series comprising more than one 
Tranche may be assigned a temporary ISIN and Common Code on issue. The address of Euroclear is 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
(10) 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Relevant Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms (or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). In the case of different 
Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from 
the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche 
of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in 
respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
(11) 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(or the relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will be calculated as of the relevant issue date 
on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
(12) 
Neither Ørsted nor Ørsted Wind intends to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
issuances of Notes, except as disclosed in the section titled “Use of Proceeds” on pages 163 - 165 and 
to the extent required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
(13) 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, the information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as each of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind is aware and is able to ascertain 
from the information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third-party information is identified 
where used. 
(14) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available 
for 
inspection 
at 
https://orsted.com/en/investors/debt/debt-programmes 
and 
https://orsted.com/en/investors/ir-material/financial-reports-and-presentations#financial-reports-
presentations-and-fact-sheets-2023  
(i) 
the Amended and Restated Trust Deed (which includes the forms of the Global Notes, the 
Global Certificates, the definitive Bearer Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons, the Receipts 
and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Supplemental Trust Deed; 
(iii) 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
the Supplemental Agency Agreement; 
(v) 
the Articles of Association of Ørsted; 
(vi) 
the Articles of Association of Ørsted Wind; 
(vii) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Ørsted and the Group as at and for the 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022; 
(viii) the annual report of Ørsted Wind as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022;

--- Page 294 ---
294 
(ix) 
each Final Terms and each Pricing Supplement (save that in the case of Pricing Supplement 
relating to Exempt Notes, such Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection by a 
holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Relevant Issuer 
and the Issuing and Paying Agent (or Taiwanese Paying Agent, as the case may be) as to its 
holding of Notes and identity); 
(x) 
all documents incorporated herein by reference; and 
(xi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated therein.  
(15) 
This Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.luxse.com 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Market 
Observation 
Post 
System 
at 
https://mops.twse.com.tw/mops/web/index.  
(16) 
Copies of the latest audited annual report and unaudited interim financial statements of Ørsted and 
Ørsted Wind may be obtained, and copies of the Trust Deed will be available for inspection at, the 
specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as any of the Notes 
is outstanding. 
(17) 
The auditors of Ørsted, Ørsted Wind and the Group for 2023 and 2022 were PwC at its address of 
Strandvejen 44, DK-2900 Hellerup, Denmark (authorised by the Danish Business Authority and 
regulated by the Danish Auditors Act and otherwise by the laws of the Kingdom of Denmark), who have 
audited in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and additional requirements under 
Danish audit regulations the consolidated financial statements and parent company financial statements 
of Ørsted and the parent company financial statements of Ørsted Wind as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022, and have issued an auditors’ report on those financial statements 
of the Group without qualifications. PwC has no financial interest in Ørsted or the Group. 
(18) 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of Ørsted is W9NG6WMZIYEU8VEDOG48. The Legal Entity 
Identifier code of Ørsted Wind is 529900GP5ZYMYXKYNF09. 
(19) 
The website of Ørsted and Ørsted Wind is www.orsted.com. The information on www.orsted.com does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
GLOSSARY OF SELECTED ENERGY AND OTHER TERMS 
The following explanations are not intended as technical definitions and are provided purely for assistance in 
understanding certain terms as used in this Base Prospectus. 
“availability” 
Availability is calculated as the ratio of actual production to the 
possible production, which is the sum of lost production and 
actual production in a given period. The production-based 
availability is impacted by grid and wind turbine outages, which 
are technical production losses. Production-based availability is 
not impacted by market requested shutdowns and wind farm 
curtailments, as this is deemed not to be reflective of site 
performance, but due to external factors. 
“awarded capacity” 
Offshore capacity that the Group has been awarded in auctions 
and tenders, but where the Group has yet to sign a power 
purchase agreements and take final investment decision. 
“biomass” 
Also known as biomass fuel. A term for all combustible organic 
materials including straw, woodchips and wood pellets. CO2 
emissions produced by the combustion of biomass are not 
covered under the EU ETS. 
“CfD” 
A contract for difference is a subsidy that guarantees the 
difference between the market reference price and the exercise 
price won. 
“CHP” 
Combined heat and power generation. 
“CHP plant” 
A CHP plant that generates both heat and power in the same 
process. The heat generated may be used for industrial purposes 
and/or district heating. 
“CO2” 
Carbon dioxide. 
“CO2 Certificates” 
Certificates for the emission of carbon dioxide under the 
European Union Emissions Trading Scheme. 
“commissioning/COD” 
When the Group’s assets are in operation, and the legal liability 
has been transferred from the supplier to the Group. 
“decided (FID) and installed capacity” 
Installed generation capacity plus capacity for assets where a 
final investment decision has been made. 
“degree days” 
Number of degrees in absolute figures in difference between the 
average temperature and the official Danish indoor temperature 
of 17 °C. 
“district heating” 
The supply of heat to customers who are connected to the 
centralised district heating system. The district heating system 
relies primarily upon CHP plants or generation from waste 
(either from a single generator, or from multiple generators) in 
order to supply heat. 
“EU ETS” 
The European Union Emissions Trading Scheme, which aims to 
reduce emissions of carbon dioxide and combat climate change 
by means of a scheme that allocates CO2 Certificate allowances

--- Page 296 ---
296 
and enables power generators and other emitters to trade these 
CO2 Certificates. 
“FID” 
Final Investment Decision. When the Board of Directors 
approves major investments for construction assets. 
“fossil fuel” 
Organic fuels including coal, coal products, natural gas, crude 
oil and other petroleum products. 
“generation capacity” 
Ørsted’s ownership of the asset. Offshore wind turbines are 
included when each turbine has passed the 240-hour test. 
Onshore capacities are included after COD of the entire asset. 
“green certificates” 
Certificate awarded to producers of environment-friendly power 
as a supplement to the market price of power in the given price 
area. 
“GW” 
Gigawatt, a unit of power. 1 GW is equivalent to 1,000 MW and 
1,000,000,000 W. 
“installed capacity” 
Installed capacity where the asset has been completed and has 
passed a final test. 
“investment tax credits (ITCs)” 
Federal tax credit based on qualifying renewable investment 
costs. 
“kW” 
Kilowatt, a unit of power. 1 kW is equivalent to 1,000 W. 
“kWh” 
Kilowatt hour. The amount of energy generated in 1 hour with 
the effect of 1,000 watt. 
“LNG” 
Liquefied Natural Gas. 
“load factor” 
The ratio between the actual power generation in a given period 
relative to the potential generation which is possible by 
continuously exploiting the maximum capacity over the same 
period. 
“MW” 
Megawatt, a unit of power. 1 MW is equivalent to 1,000 kW and 
1,000,000 W. 
“natural gas” 
Any hydrocarbons or mixture of hydrocarbons and other gases 
consisting primarily of methane which at normal operating 
conditions are in a gaseous state. 
“Nord Pool” 
The Norwegian-based Nordic power exchange, which facilitates 
the trading of power in Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark. 
“offshore transmission assets” 
Connect offshore generation to the onshore grid and typically 
include the offshore power transmission infrastructure, an 
onshore substation, and the electrical equipment relating to the 
operation of the substation. 
“production tax credit (PTC)” 
Federal tax credit based on eligible power generation in the 
United States. 
“residential” 
Private households. 
“ROCs” 
ROCs Renewable obligation certificates issued by Ofgem in the 
UK to operators of accredited generating stations for the eligible

--- Page 297 ---
297 
renewable energy they generate. Operators can trade ROCs with 
other parties. 
“supply obligation” 
A company with a supply obligation is bound by law to deliver 
power or natural gas in a certain geographic area at prices 
approved by the Danish Energy Regulatory Authority. 
“tax equity” 
An arrangement where an investor obtains rights to federal tax 
credits and other tax attributes in exchange for a cash 
contribution. 
“thermal generation” 
Power and heat generated through the combustion of fossil fuels, 
biomass or waste. 
“TRIR” 
In addition to lost-time injuries, the total recordable injury rate 
also includes injuries where the injured person is able to perform 
restricted work the day after the accident as well as accidents 
where the injured person has received medical treatment. 
“TWh” 
Terawatt hour. The amount of energy generated or used in 1 hour 
with the effect of 1 TW. 
“wind power” 
Power generated using onshore or offshore wind turbines. 
“wind speed” 
Shows the wind speed at Ørsted’s wind farms. The wind 
measurements are weighted on the basis of Ørsted’s generation 
capacity and can be compared to a normal wind period.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
HEAD OFFICE OF ØRSTED A/S AND ØRSTED WIND POWER TW HOLDING A/S 
Kraftværksvej 53 
Skærbæk 
DK 7000 Fredericia 
Denmark 
 
ARRANGER 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc  
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
TAIWANESE TRUSTEE 
CTBC Bank Co., Ltd.  
No. 168, Jingmao 2nd Road,  
Nangang Dist., Taipei, Taiwan (R.O.C.) 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 299 ---
299 
TAIWANESE PAYING AGENT 
CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. 
No. 168, Jingmao 2nd Road 
Nangang Dist., Taipei, Taiwan (R.O.C.) 
 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS OF ØRSTED A/S 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
Strandvejen 44 
DK-2900 Hellerup 
Denmark 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
 
 
 
To the Issuers as to Danish law 
Kromann Reumert 
Sundkrogsgade 5 
DK 2100 Copenhagen Ø 
Denmark 
To the Issuers as to Taiwanese law  
Lee and Li, Attorneys-at-Law 
8F, No. 555 
Sec. 4, Zhongxiao E. Rd. 
Taipei 11072 
Taiwan, R.O.C. 
 
To the Arranger and the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom