--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
i 
 
 
 
ÍSLANDSBANKI HF. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
€4,000,000,000 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
On 4 November 2011, Íslandsbanki hf. (the Issuer or the Bank) established a covered bond 
programme which is described in this Base Prospectus, under which the Issuer may from time to time 
issue European Covered Bonds (Premium) in a continuous and repeated manner (the Covered Bonds) 
in accordance with the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, No. 11/2008, as amended (the Act on 
Covered Bonds), any relevant executive orders (Icelandic: stjórnvaldsákvarðanir) and appurtenant 
regulations as may be supplemented, amended, modified or varied from time to time (as well as any 
judicial decisions and administrative pronouncements, all of which are subject to change, including 
with retroactive effect), (together the Covered Bonds Legislation) denominated in any Specified 
Currency.  
Under the €4,000,000,000 European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme (the Programme) 
described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), the Issuer may from time to time issue 
Covered Bonds denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). 
Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, Bearer Covered Bonds and 
Registered Covered Bonds) or in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (CSD Covered 
Bonds) and cleared through Nasdaq CSD Iceland or Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands CSD (together, the 
CSD). 
The Covered Bonds may be held in a manner which is intended to allow for Eurosystem eligibility. 
This simply means that the Covered Bonds may upon issue be deposited with Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) or Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) as one of the international 
central securities depositaries as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Covered 
Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at all time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under 
the Programme will not exceed €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
However, pursuant to the existing licence issued by the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central 
Bank of Iceland (the FSA) the programme shall never exceed a limit approved by the FSA. 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under  
“Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and, together, the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the

--- Page 2 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
ii 
 
 
case of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to 
all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Covered Bonds. 
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion 
of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation in respect of the Covered Bonds (other than 
Exempt Covered Bonds (as defined below)) issued under the Programme as described in this Base 
Prospectus. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Covered 
Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to the Covered Bonds 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended) (MiFID II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (the EEA) pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) 
of the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus. Application has been made 
to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Covered Bonds) to be admitted to the official list of 
Euronext Dublin (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market (the Regulated Market). 
The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Reference in this Base 
Prospectus to Covered Bonds being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Covered 
Bonds have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue (i) unlisted Covered Bonds, (ii) Covered Bonds admitted to 
a market in the EEA other than a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or (iii) Covered 
Bonds listed on other stock exchanges or markets outside the EEA, in each case, in respect of which 
no prospectus is required to be published pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation (together, Exempt 
Covered Bonds). Such Exempt Covered Bonds do not form part of the Base Prospectus and the 
Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with such Exempt Covered Bonds.   
The Issuer intends to request that the Central Bank of Ireland provide the competent authority in 
Iceland (Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland) with a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the Notification). The Issuer may request the Central Bank of Ireland to 
provide competent authorities in additional Member States within the EEA with a similar notification. 
Following provision of the Notification, the Issuer may apply for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the Nasdaq Iceland hf. (or on the regulated market 
of any other Member State to which a similar notification has been made), either together with a 
listing on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or as a single listing. If any Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme are to be listed on the Nasdaq Iceland hf. (or on the regulated market of any 
other Member State to which a notification has been made), this will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (as defined herein). 
The Issuer has senior unsecured debt ratings of BBB+ (long term debt) and A-2 (short term debt) from 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and a senior unsecured debt rating of A3 (long term debt) 
from Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's") as at the date of this Base Prospectus. S&P is 
established in the European Union (the EU) and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No.

--- Page 3 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
iii 
 
 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The rating Moody's has given in relation to the 
Issuer is endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH. S&P and Moody's Deutschland GmbH are 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Cover Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated by S&P, Moody's or by another rating agency.  Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating assigned to the Issuer by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
The Issuer may decide that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds described herein, in which event, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the form of such Covered 
Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), or with any state securities commission or any other United States 
regulatory authority and may include Covered Bonds in bearer form that are subject to United States 
tax law requirements. Accordingly, the Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold in the United States 
or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Barclays  
The date of this Base Prospectus is 3 May 2024.

--- Page 4 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
iv 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds") 
of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. The information in the sections entitled 
“Financial Markets in Iceland” on pages 170 to 171 has been extracted from publications by the 
National Economic Institute, the Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank of Iceland, where 
indicated as such. The Issuer confirms that, in each case, such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
those sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and 
form part of this Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the information expressly included 
in this Base Prospectus or information set out in the documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference herein (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the other 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any information set out on a website referred to in this document does not form 
part of the Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference. 
In relation to any Tranche, the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of such 
Tranche, the interest (if any) payable in respect of the Covered Bonds of such Tranche, the issue 
price and certain other information which is relevant to such Tranche will be set out in a final 
terms document (Final Terms) substantially in the form set out under “Form of Final Terms” 
below.  
In relation to Covered Bonds to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the Final Terms will be filed with 
the Central Bank of Ireland on or before the date of issue of the Covered Bonds of such 
Tranche. Copies of Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds listed on Euronext Dublin will be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
Copies of Final Terms will also be available from the registered office of the Issuer and from the 
offices of the Paying Agent (as defined below). 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer or any of the Dealers.

--- Page 5 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
v 
 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Covered Bonds (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Covered Bonds should purchase any Covered Bonds.  Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should make its own independent investigation of 
the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Covered Bonds constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Covered 
Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered 
Bonds shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in the Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Covered Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Covered Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do 
not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Covered 
Bonds or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required.  Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any 
such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered 
Bonds.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, Iceland and 
Norway), the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom (UK) and Japan, see “Subscription and sale and Selling Restrictions”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer to the public in 
the EEA of Covered Bonds with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) only in circumstances where there is an exemption from the requirement under 
the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  As a result, any offer of Covered Bonds to 
the public in any Member State of the EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Covered 
Bonds.  Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Covered Bonds to the 
public in the EEA may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer.  Further, this Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any

--- Page 6 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
vi 
 
 
offer of Covered Bonds to the public in the UK with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency) will only be made pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the FSMA). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Covered Bonds to the public in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor 
in any Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with 
the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the 
impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the relevant Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the currency in which such investor’s financial activities are principally 
denominated; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and is familiar with the 
behaviour of financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (ii) Covered Bonds 
can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds.  Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer 
and the terms of the Covered Bonds being offered, including the merits and risks involved.  The 
Covered Bonds have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the 
United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed 
the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  
Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Dealers and the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Covered 
Bonds regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws.  Any investor in the

--- Page 7 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
vii 
 
 
Covered Bonds should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds 
for an indefinite period of time. 
None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for 
any environmental or sustainability assessment of any Covered Bonds issued as Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to 
whether such Covered Bonds will meet any investor expectations or requirements, any 
regulatory requirementS or industry-body guidance regarding such “green, social, sustainable” 
or similar labels. None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have 
undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Green or Social Loans (as 
defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the Base Prospectus), any verification of whether the 
Green or Social Loans  meet any eligibility criteria set out in the Sustainable Funding 
Framework (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the Base Prospectus) nor are they 
responsible for the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) for any Covered Bonds issued as 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds or 
the allocation of the proceeds to particular Green or Social Loans. None of the Arranger, 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates is responsible for the establishment or the 
assessment of the Sustainable Funding Framework including the assessment of the applicable 
eligibility criteria adopted thereby, nor do any of them undertake to ensure that there are at any 
time sufficient eligible projects.  The Sustainable Funding Framework, the Second Party 
Opinion (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the Base Prospectus) and any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be available 
on the Issuer’s website but, for the avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference 
into or form part of the Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates make any representation as to the suitability or content of such materials. 
Investors should not rely on such materials and any decision to purchase any Covered Bonds 
should be based on the Base Prospectus, as supplemented. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  (as 
amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to

--- Page 8 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
viii 
 
 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms may include a legend entitled “UK MIFIR product governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. A distributor (as defined above) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference 
to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference 
rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not

--- Page 9 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
ix 
 
 
the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.   
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled “Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA). Any such legend included on the applicable Final 
Terms will constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Unless a legend is included in the applicable Final Terms as aforesaid, Covered Bonds issued or to be 
issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
“MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the consolidated financial information of the Issuer as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021 included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from the 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2023, 2022 and 2021 (together, the Annual Financial Statements), which have been 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any 
specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Annual Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 
as adopted by the European Union (EU).  
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed thereto in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” or any other 
section of this Base Prospectus. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the 
figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 10 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
x 
 
 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; to Sterling 
and £ refer to pounds sterling; and to ISK, króna or krónur refer to the currency of Iceland. In addition, 
all references to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
References in this document to "Coupons" and "Couponholders", "Receipts" and "Receiptholders" and 
"Talons" apply in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds only. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s intentions, beliefs 
or current expectations and projections about its future business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies and opportunities and the 
markets in which it operates.  They include statements concerning the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, 
strategies, future operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking 
statements.  When used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “projects”, 
“expects”, “believes”, “hopes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “would”, “could”, 
“should”, and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements.  These forward 
looking statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of the 
Issuer” and other sections of this Base Prospectus.  The Issuer has based these forward looking 
statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial 
performance, taking into account information currently available to the Issuer.  Although the Issuer 
believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are 
reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties 
materialise, including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base 
Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the 
Issuer's actual results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. The Issuer’s 
beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of possible events or factors, not all of 
which are known to the Issuer or are within its control. If a change occurs, the Issuer’s business, 
results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, 
strategies or opportunities may vary materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these 
forward-looking statements. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
 
the Issuer's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
 
the performance of the markets in Iceland and the wider region in which the Issuer 
operates; 
 
the Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and 
investments it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
 
the Issuer's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its 
existing and future investments and projects; 
 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the 
Issuer and its customers operate; and 
 
actions taken by the Issuer's joint venture partners that may not be in accordance with 
its policies and objectives.

--- Page 11 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
xi 
 
 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus.  Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and 
regulations, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the 
date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements 
contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, 
conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 12 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
xii 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) or persons acting on behalf any Stabilisation 
Manager in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 13 ---
1 
 
Table of Contents 
1. 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................ 2 
2. 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................... 13 
3. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .............................................................................. 53 
4. 
Form of the Covered Bonds ............................................................................................... 55 
5. 
Form of Final Terms .......................................................................................................... 59 
6. 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds ..................................................................... 79 
7. 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................. 127 
8. 
Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered Bonds............................................ 132 
9. 
Description of the Issuer .................................................................................................. 143 
10. 
Cover Pool ...................................................................................................................... 160 
11. 
The Icelandic Economy ................................................................................................... 164 
12. 
The Icelandic Housing Market .......................................................................................... 166 
13. 
Financial Markets in Iceland............................................................................................. 167 
14. 
Overview of the Transaction Documents .......................................................................... 169 
15. 
Book-Entry Clearance systems ........................................................................................ 181 
16. 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................... 183 
17. 
Subscription and sale and Selling Restrictions ................................................................. 186

--- Page 14 ---
2 
 
1. 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer 
may agree that Covered Bonds shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds, in which event, in the case of listed Covered Bonds only and if 
appropriate, a new prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus will be made available which 
will describe the form of such Covered Bonds. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Covered Bonds” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds” shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
STRUCTURE OF PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
Oversight by 
the Icelandic Financial 
Supervisory Authority

--- Page 15 ---
3 
 
 
THE PARTIES 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300PZMFIQR79Q0T97 
Issuer: 
Íslandsbanki hf.  
 
The Issuer holds a licence from the Icelandic Financial 
Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland 
(Fjármálaeftirlitið) (the FSA) to conduct financing business 
as a commercial bank and a licence to issue Covered Bonds 
in accordance with the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds no. 
11/2008, as amended (the Act on Covered Bonds). 
Description: 
€4,000,000,000 
European 
Covered 
Bond 
(Premium) 
Programme 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, acting through its investment 
bank (Barclays). 
Dealers: 
Barclays and any other Dealers appointed in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement. 
Independent 
Inspector  
(Sjálfstæður skoðunarmaður): 
The Issuer is required to appoint an independent inspector, 
and this appointment must be approved by the FSA.  The 
Independent Inspector will monitor the Register in 
accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds and the Rules 
and verify that the valuation of collateral for debt 
instruments in the Cover Pool is based on the prescribed 
methodology.  The Independent Inspector shall report 
regularly to the FSA on their observations, and immediately 
inform the FSA of any circumstances he or she becomes 
aware of, that could affect the FSA's assessment of the 
Issuer. The initial Independent Inspector has been appointed 
pursuant to an agreement with KPMG ehf. 
Cover Pool Swap Provider: 
The Issuer may enter into swaps from time to time with 
third party counterparties to convert ISK interest payments 
received by the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the 
Cover Pool (other than derivative agreements with qualified 
counterparties which are registered to the Cover Pool (the 
Eligible Swaps)) into floating payments linked to the rate of 
interest under the Covered Bonds (the Cover Pool Swap). 
Currency Swap Providers: 
The Issuer may enter into currency swaps (each a Currency 
Swap) from time to time with third party counterparties 
(each, a Currency Swap Provider), subject to currency 
restrictions in place at each time, in order to hedge currency 
risks arising from (a) Covered Bonds which are issued in 
currencies other than ISK and (b) assets (other than bonds as 
defined in Article 2 of the Act on Covered Bonds which are 
issued by borrowers and as described in Article 5 of the Act 
on Covered Bonds (Mortgage Bonds) and Eligible Swaps)

--- Page 16 ---
4 
 
which are registered to the Cover Pool and are denominated 
in ISK. 
Indexed Currency Swap Providers: 
The Issuer may enter into indexed currency swaps (each an 
Indexed Currency Swap) from time to time with third 
party counterparties (each, an Indexed Currency Swap 
Provider) in order to hedge currency risks arising from (a) 
Covered Bonds which are issued in currencies other than 
ISK and (b) assets which are registered to the Cover Pool 
and are denominated in ISK and inflation linked. 
Interest Rate Swap Providers: 
The Issuer may enter into single currency interest rate swaps 
(each, an Interest Rate Swap) from time to time with third 
party counterparties (each, an Interest Rate Swap 
Provider) in order to hedge the Issuer's interest rate risks in 
ISK and/or other currencies to the extent that they have not 
been hedged by the Cover Pool Swap or a Currency Swap.  
 
The Cover Pool Swap Provider, the Currency Swap 
Providers and the Interest Rate Swap Providers are together 
referred to as the Swap Providers. The Cover Pool Swap, 
each Currency Swap and each Interest Rate Swap are 
together referred to as the Swaps. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar 
Citibank Europe PLC 
CSD Agent: 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
KEY FEATURES 
 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and with all other outstanding 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that have been 
provided equivalent priority of claim to Covered Bonds 
issued in accordance with the terms of the Act on Covered 
Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will be endorsed to show that they have 
the benefit of priority of claims to the Cover Pool (junior to 
costs 
incurred 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
operation, 
management, collection and realisation of the Cover Pool, 
and claims due to derivative agreements concluded in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act on Covered 
Bonds) and have been registered in the Register.  
Covered Bond Directive: 
The Covered Bonds are eligible for the label "European 
Covered Bond (Premium)". 
The Register: 
The rights of priority that covered bondholders and swap 
providers have with respect to the Covered Bonds arise from

--- Page 17 ---
5 
 
a registration being made in a register kept by the Issuer, 
containing details of the Covered Bonds and the assets in 
the Cover Pool.  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time.  
Composition of the Cover Pool: 
The Cover Pool will consist primarily of loans which are 
secured on interests in residential property, claims which the 
Issuer holds, or may acquire, against providers of Swaps and 
certain substitute assets. The assets comprising the Cover 
Pool will comply with requirements set out in the Act on 
Covered Bonds.  
See "Cover Pool – composition of assets" below. 
Liquidity buffer: 
Under the Act on Covered Bonds, the Issuer must maintain 
a cover pool liquidity buffer to cover the maximum 
cumulative net liquidity outflow on the Covered Bonds and 
related derivative contracts over the next 180 days. 
Relevant 
Reference 
Currency 
Swaps: 
In connection with a relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
denominated in a currency other than ISK and assigned a 
rating by S&P, the Issuer covenants to establish and 
maintain a collateral reserve account (a Collateral Reserve 
Account).  The Issuer may use amounts standing to the 
credit of the Collateral Reserve Account, in accordance with 
the provisions of the Deed of Covenant, to enter into a swap 
to exchange receipts from the assets comprising the Cover 
Pool payable in ISK and the amounts received in respect of 
and in the currency of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
See "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Relevant Reference Currency Swaps" below.  
Asset Coverage Test: 
 
The Issuer shall determine the Asset Coverage Test on each 
Monthly Calculation Date. In the event of a breach of such 
Asset Coverage Test, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to allocate sufficient additional assets to the 
Cover Pool and register such assets in the Register in an 
aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Asset 
Coverage Test is met on the next following Monthly 
Calculation Date. 
See "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Asset Coverage Test" below 
Establishment of Issuer Accounts 
Upon the Issuer ceasing to be an Eligible Institution it shall, 
within 90 calendar days (or such longer period as may be 
agreed by S&P), following the first Business Day on which 
it ceases to be an Eligible Institution, establish one or more

--- Page 18 ---
6 
 
Issuer Accounts with an Eligible Institution.  Further, the 
Issuer shall, upon the occurrence of such ceasing, inter alia, 
(i) transfer all payments received from the Cover Pool to the 
relevant Issuer Account (ii) create security over each Issuer 
Account for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and (iii) 
register the Issuer Accounts and amounts standing to the 
credit thereof in the Register. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no Issuer Accounts 
have been established at an Eligible Institution by the Issuer. 
See "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Issuer Accounts" below. 
Obligations of the Issuer with 
respect to a Relevant Reference 
Currency 
Swap 
and 
the 
establishment of Issuer Accounts:  
The Issuer makes certain covenants with respect to 
operation of the Collateral Reserve Account and the Asset 
Coverage Test and the establishment of Issuer Accounts in 
the Deed of Covenant for the benefit of Covered 
Bondholders. 
In respect of the covenants made by the Issuer in respect of 
the 
Relevant 
Reference 
Currency 
Swap 
and 
the 
establishment of Issuer Accounts described further in 
"Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Relevant Reference Currency Swaps" and 
"Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Issuer Accounts" respectively, the obligations of 
the Issuer shall only apply upon it ceasing to maintain the 
relevant required ratings by S&P.  As such, no Currency 
Swap or Issuer Account shall, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, be required to be entered into or opened by 
Issuer (as applicable). 
Further, the obligation of the Issuer to open any Issuer 
Account shall cease in its entirety if at any time its long-
term issuer credit rating by S&P is at least BBB-, 
notwithstanding any subsequent downgrade of such rating.] 
The only consequence of any failure of the Issuer to comply 
with the obligations set out in "Overview of the Transaction 
Documents – Deed of Covenant" shall be that the Issuer 
shall not be able to issue further Covered Bonds whilst such 
failure is continuing other than non-rated Covered Bonds 
denominated in ISK. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis.

--- Page 19 ---
7 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions 
including the rules on foreign exchange issued by the 
Central Bank of Iceland (the Central Bank), any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer including 
but not limited to U.S. Dollars, Euro, Sterling, Japanese 
Yen, Danish Krone, Norwegian Krone, Swedish Krona, and 
Icelandic Krona and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued either (i) in bearer form, 
(ii) in registered form or (iii) in the case of CSD Covered 
Bonds, in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
registered in the CSD. 
CSD Covered Bonds will not be evidenced by any physical 
Covered Bond or document of title.  Entitlements to CSD 
Covered Bonds will be evidenced by registration in the 
registers between the direct and indirect accountholders at 
the CSD. 
Terms of the Covered Bonds: 
The terms of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Currencies. 
Extendable obligations under the 
Covered Bonds: 
Following the failure by the Issuer to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered Bonds on their 
Maturity Date, payment of such unpaid amounts shall be 
deferred if the applicable Final Terms specifies that an 
Extended Maturity Date is applicable and a deferral of the 
Maturity Date is granted by the FSA at such time (a 
"Maturity Extension Approval"). 
Under the Act on Covered Bonds, a Maturity Extension 
Approval is subject to the following conditions: 
(a) 
the deferral is necessary for the purposes of: 
(i) 
preventing default on a Covered Bond or a 
derivative contract without the sale of assets 
at a substantial discount; 
(ii) 
early intervention by the FSA or the 
resolution of the Issuer achieving the 
objective of the Act on Resolution of Credit 
Institutions and Investment Firms; or 
(iii) 
optimising 
the 
claims 
of 
Covered

--- Page 20 ---
8 
 
Bondholders 
and 
counterparties 
of 
derivative contracts upon the winding-up or 
liquidation of the Issuer; 
(b) 
that the deferral is explicitly authorised pursuant to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bond, 
which set out the final maturity date, maturity 
extension triggers, the consequences that insolvency 
or resolution of the Issuer may have on the 
extension and the role of the FSA with regard to 
such deferral; and 
(c) 
that the deferral does not affect the maturity 
schedule of other Covered Bonds collateralised by 
the same cover pool. 
With respect to paragraph (a)(ii) above, the objective of 
resolution, as set out in the Act on Resolution of Credit 
Institutions and Investment Firms (cf. Article 1 of the Act), 
is to preserve financial stability, inter alia, by ensuring the 
continuity of essential economic activities and preventing 
significant adverse impact on the financial system. Further, 
the objective of the Act is to minimise the risk of reliance on 
public financial support to private companies, and to protect 
depositors, investors and client assets. 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at 
an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par. 
Interest: 
The following types of Covered Bond may be issued: (a) 
Covered Bonds which bear interest at a fixed rate or a 
floating rate; (b) Covered Bonds which do not bear interest; 
and (c) Covered Bonds the redemption amount of which is 
calculated by reference to a specified factor such as 
movements in an index.  In addition, Covered Bonds which 
have any combination of the foregoing features may also be 
issued. 
 
Interest periods, rates of interest and the terms of and/or 
amounts payable on redemption may differ depending on 
the Covered Bonds being issued and such terms will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate 
determined on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service; or on 
such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and

--- Page 21 ---
9 
 
the relevant Dealer. 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on the relevant Interest 
Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Covered Bonds.  
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Inflation Linked Annuity Covered 
Bonds: 
Covered Bonds that pay an Annuity Amount on such date or 
dates as decided by the Issuer and set out in the Final Terms. 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds that pay an Equal Payment Amount on such 
date or dates as decided by the Issuer and set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Instalment Covered Bonds: 
Instalment Covered Bonds may be issued on an instalment 
basis in which case such Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than in specified instalments, if 
applicable, or for taxation reasons) or that such Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the Covered Bondholders.  The terms of any such 
redemption, 
including 
notice 
periods, 
any 
relevant 
conditions to be satisfied and the relevant redemption dates 
and prices will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Denomination of Covered Bonds:  
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
save that the minimum denomination of each Covered Bond 
will be such amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified 
Currency 
and 
save 
that 
the 
minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent

--- Page 22 ---
10 
 
amounts in such currency).  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed by any relevant Tax Jurisdiction, except as required 
by law, as provided in Condition 10.  In the event that any 
such deduction is required by law, the Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances detailed in Condition 10 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Following insolvency of the Issuer:  
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the Covered Bonds 
of each Series will not become due and payable according to 
the Act on Covered Bonds. The winding up committee shall 
continue to fulfil the Issuer's commitments from the Cover 
Pool of assets. The Covered Bondholders will have priority 
recourse to the assets in the Cover Pool (junior to costs 
incurred in connection with the operation, management, 
collection and realisation of the Cover Pool, and claims due 
to derivative agreements concluded in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds), and rights to 
proceed directly against, amongst others, the Issuer. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an 
amount equal to the net proceeds (in respect of (b) below) 
from each issue of Covered Bonds will, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms be:  
(a) 
used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or  
(b) 
used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
Green or Social Loans (as defined in the “Use of 
Proceeds” section below), as further described in 
the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer’s 
Sustainable Funding Framework dated January 
2024 (as amended or supplemented from time to 
time) (the Sustainable Funding Framework) 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/docum
ents/ISB_2024_sjalfbaer-fjarmalarammi.pdf); or 
(c) 
used to finance any other particular identified use of 
proceeds as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rating: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Covered Bonds is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and be provided 
by S&P and/or any other rating agency as disclosed in the 
Final Terms from time to time. S&P is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such S&P is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  A

--- Page 23 ---
11 
 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Clearing Systems: 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be 
cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
CSD, and/or any other clearing system as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the Central Bank of Ireland to 
approve this document as a base prospectus in respect of 
Covered Bonds (other than Exempt Covered Bonds) to be 
issued under the Programme. Application has also been 
made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme (other than Exempt Covered Bonds) to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated 
Market. 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to the Series.  Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. Such 
Covered Bonds may be Exempt Covered Bonds (as defined 
in this Base Prospectus). 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Passporting: 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers in 
relation to a Series of Covered Bonds. In particular, Covered 
Bonds may be listed on Nasdaq Iceland hf., as more 
particularly described on page ii of this Base Prospectus. 
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law, except for (i) the provisions of Condition 4 which shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic 
law and (ii) the registration of CSD Covered Bonds in the 
CSD and Condition 15.2, which shall, in each case, be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic 
law. CSD Covered Bonds must comply with the regulations 
of the CSD, and the holders of CSD Covered Bonds will be 
entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and 
liabilities which arise under Icelandic regulations and 
legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including 
Italy, Iceland and Norway), the People’s Republic of China,

--- Page 24 ---
12 
 
Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK and Japan and 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, see "Subscription and sale and Selling 
Restrictions".  
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2 and TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 25 ---
13 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. There is a wide range 
of risk factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. It is not possible to identify all such risk factors, as the 
Issuer may not be aware of all relevant risk factors and certain risk factors which it currently deems 
to be non-material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's 
control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of risk factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer has assessed the materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence 
and the expected magnitude of their negative impact and has organised the following risk factors 
accordingly within each category, beginning with those estimated to be most significant to the Issuer. 
The order in which the categories of risk factors are presented does not necessarily reflect the 
probability of their occurrence or the magnitude of their potential impact, as the categories of risk 
factors mentioned herein could materialise individually or cumulatively. Any quantification of the 
significance of each individual category for the Issuer could be misguiding, as other categories of 
risks factors may materialise to a greater or lesser degree. 
In addition, risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing, and are specific to, the 
market risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in (or otherwise incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus and reach their own 
views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS 
THAT 
MAY 
AFFECT 
THE 
ISSUER’S 
ABILITY TO 
FULFIL 
ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Set forth below are certain risks that could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s future business, 
operating results or financial condition.  
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
The Issuer is subject to credit risk and may be unable to sufficiently assess credit risk of potential 
borrowers and may provide advances to customers that increase credit risk exposure 
The Issuer undertakes credit risk by offering loans, guarantees and other credit products. Credit risk is 
the primary risk factor in the Issuer’s operations and taking on credit risk is a core activity of the 
Issuer. Credit risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from an 
obligor’s potential failure to meet the terms of any contract with the Issuer. Failure to accurately 
assess credit risk could increase credit risk exposure which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s financial condition. 
Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may be unable to meet their 
obligations towards the Issuer 
Accurate and comprehensive financial information and other credit information may be limited for 
certain types of borrowers such as small enterprises or individuals. Despite any credit risk 
determination procedures the Issuer has in place, the Issuer may be unable to evaluate correctly the 
current financial condition of each prospective borrower to determine their long-term financial 
viability. Failure to address any risks associated with any borrower may lead to higher risk and could 
materially affect the Issuer’s business. By the end of 2023, the Issuer’s regulatory credit risk exposure 
amount was ISK 1,622 billion, a rise from ISK 1,501 billion at year-end 2022. This increase is mainly

--- Page 26 ---
14 
 
due to the inclusion of bonds in the liquidity portfolio under the credit risk framework. Credit risk 
accounted for 89 per cent. of capital requirements under Pillar 1. 
The Issuer is subject to counterparty risk which may have an adverse effect on its cost of funds 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit 
quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration in the Icelandic 
economy or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in the financial markets, could 
affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in its provision for bad 
and doubtful debts and other provisions. To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies the 
Issuer uses to hedge or otherwise manage its exposure to credit risk are not effective, it may not be 
able to mitigate effectively its risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular 
types of risk. The Issuer's earnings will depend upon how its critical accounting estimates prove 
accurate and upon how effectively it determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its risk 
concentrations. To the extent its assessments of migrations in credit quality and of risk concentrations, 
or its assumptions or estimates used in establishing its valuation models for the fair value of its assets 
and liabilities or for its loan loss reserves, prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, it could 
suffer higher than anticipated losses. 
The Issuer’s exposures to other financial institutions is substantial, some of which might become 
unable to satisfy their obligations to the Issuer. Such counterparties might become subject to 
resolution procedures in their home jurisdictions, such as under Directive 2014/59/EU (the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD) for certain EU financial institutions or the United 
Kingdom Banking Act 2009 for certain UK financial institutions, which procedures might materially 
negatively impact the amount and/or timing of what the Group would receive from a financial 
counterparty should it be subject to resolution. 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio is concentrated in certain industries and borrowers 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s loan portfolio to customers was exposed to concentration in 
certain industry sectors, namely individuals (48 per cent.), commerce and services (15 per cent.), real 
estate (12 per cent.), construction (7 per cent.), industrial and transportation (6 per cent.), the seafood 
industry (6 per cent.) and other (6 per cent.). The Issuer’s financial condition is sensitive to downturns 
in these industries and the consequent inability of the Issuer’s customers to meet their obligations 
towards the Issuer. Decline in the financial condition of the Issuer’s largest borrowers could also 
materially affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In terms of 
geographic credit concentration, most of the Issuer’s activities are in Iceland but the Issuer maintains 
a certain amount of international activities. The overseas strategy is built on a heritage of servicing the 
core industries in Iceland, primarily focusing on the seafood industry. The strategy focuses on the 
North Atlantic region, including Canada, the United States and Norway. As at 31 December 2023, the 
Issuer’s credit risk and credit concentration risk accounted for 78 per cent. of the total capital 
requirements. 
Increases in the Issuer’s loan losses or allowances for loan losses may have an adverse effect on its 
results 
The Issuer’s banking businesses establish provisions for loan losses, which are reflected in the 
provision for credit losses on its income statement, in order to maintain its allowance for loan losses at 
a level which is deemed to be appropriate by management based upon an assessment of prior loss 
experience, the volume and type of lending being conducted by each entity, industry standards, past 
due loans, economic conditions and other factors related to the collectability of the loan portfolio. 
Although the Issuer’s management uses its best efforts to establish the provision for loan losses, that 
determination is subject to significant judgment, and the Issuer’s banking businesses may have to

--- Page 27 ---
15 
 
increase or decrease their provisions for loan losses in the future as a result of increases or decreases 
in non-performing assets or for other reasons. To the extent its assumptions or estimates used in 
establishing its valuation models for the fair value of its assets and liabilities or for its loan loss 
reserves prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, it could suffer higher than anticipated 
losses. Any increase in the provision for loan losses, any loan losses in excess of the previously 
determined provisions with respect thereto or changes in the estimate of the risk of loss inherent in the 
portfolio of non-impaired loans could have a material effect on the Issuer’s results of operations and 
financial condition.  
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s credit risk can be found in section 4 of the Issuer’s 
Pillar 3 Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is subject to market risks which may have material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of 
operations 
Market risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from adverse 
movements in the level or volatility of prices of market instruments, such as those that arise from 
changes in interest rates, inflation, equity prices and foreign exchange rates. Market risk is a key risk 
to the Issuer’s operations. The Issuer takes on market risk as a part of its business strategy. 
Market risk of the Issuer is split into two categories: risk in the trading book and risk in the banking 
book. Market risk due to mismatches in assets and liabilities with respect to currencies, interest reset 
dates and CPI- indexation falls in the banking book. Market risk in the banking book also includes 
exposures held for long-term investment purposes, in unlisted securities and holdings in subsidiaries 
or affiliates. Market risk exposures in the trading book arise in relation to short-term and medium-
term trading in securities, currencies and other capital market instruments. Market risk in the trading 
book primarily arises from flow trading and market-making activities in listed securities, mainly 
equities and government bonds. The Issuer is also exposed to currency risk in the trading book. The 
Issuer has controls in place to limit its trading book exposure; however, these controls may not be 
effective in all circumstances and the Issuer could experience material losses in its trading book. The 
Issuer could also experience significant variations in its consolidated income statement in the Annual 
Financial Statements due to movements in the market value of marked to market securities. The 
Issuer's asset management division is also subject to market risk as there could be fluctuations in the 
markets in which the asset management operations hold assets. 
Changes in interest rates may impact the Issuer’s results 
The results of the Issuer’s operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity. 
Interest rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in market interest rates and changes 
in net interest income and investment income. The composition of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, 
and any gap position resulting from the composition, causes the interest income to vary as interest 
rates change. In addition, variations in interest rate sensitivity may exist within the re-pricing periods 
or between the different currencies in which the Issuer holds interest rate positions. A mismatch of 
interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities in any given period may, in the event of changes 
in interest rates, have a material effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the 
Issuer’s business. The Issuer might, in some cases, have limited ability to raise interest rates and 
margins on loans without it resulting in increased impairments at the same time. The Issuer’s 
management of interest rate risk does not completely eliminate the effect of those factors on its 
performance.

--- Page 28 ---
16 
 
Price fluctuations of financial investments in the Issuer’s portfolio could materially affect the Issuer’s 
results of operations and financial condition 
The Issuer has an investment portfolio that includes mainly debt securities. If the price of these 
securities declines, this could substantially reduce the value of the Issuer’s securities portfolio. These 
securities are measured at fair value at the end of each financial period, and declines in the market 
value of the portfolio could accordingly materially affect the Issuer’s profitability, even if those 
declines have not been realised through the sale of the relevant securities. Price fluctuations could also 
materially affect the Issuer’s regulatory capital and the capital ratios that the Issuer is required to 
maintain under applicable law. 
The Issuer is also subject to the equity risk in its trading portfolios and in its banking book. The 
Issuer's equity risk arises from flow trading, market making, shares acquired through restructuring of 
companies and strategic investments. Equity exposure in the trading book decreased in 2023 with an 
average position of ISK 1 billion. Equity exposure in the banking book, including fair value shares 
and shares held for sale amounted to ISK 6.4 billion at the end of 2023. 
Changes in the inflation rate may negatively affect the profit and loss of the Issuer 
The Issuer is also exposed to inflation risk (CPI risk) since assets linked to the consumer price index, 
(as calculated by Statistics Iceland in accordance with the Act on Price Indexation No. 12/1995 
(Icelandic: Lög um vísitölu neysluverðs nr. 12/1995) and published monthly in the Legal Gazette 
(Icelandic: Lögbirtingablaðið) in Iceland (the Consumer Price Index or CPI)) do not match 
liabilities linked to the CPI. The value of these assets and liabilities changes according to changes in 
the CPI at any given time and all changes in the CPI affect the profit and loss of the Issuer. The total 
CPI-linked imbalance of the Issuer amounted to ISK 129,445 million as at 31 December 2023. 
Accordingly, changes in the inflation rate may negatively affect the profit and loss of the Issuer and 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations and financial condition. 
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s market risk can be found in section 5 of the Issuer’s 
Pillar 3 Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is subject to liquidity risk which may have an adverse effect on its results 
The Issuer defines liquidity risk as the risk of not being able to fund its financial obligations or 
planned growth, or only being able to do so substantially above the prevailing market cost of funds. 
The Issuer’s liquidity risk policy assumes that the Issuer always strives to exceed regulatory liquidity 
ratio limits. The Issuer's main source of funding is customer deposits, which amounted to ISK 
850,709 million as at 31 December 2023. Key measures for the assessment of liquidity risk are the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). At 31 December 2023, the 
Issuer’s LCR was 195 per cent. and the NSFR was 124 per cent. The inability of the Issuer to 
anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations as and when they fall due, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results. 
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s liquidity risk management can be found in section 6 of 
the Issuer’s Pillar 3 Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
There is operational risk associated with the Issuer’s industry which, when realised, may have an 
adverse impact on its results 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events. The Issuer, like all financial institutions, is exposed to many types of 
operational risk, including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees or outsiders,

--- Page 29 ---
17 
 
unauthorised transactions by employees or operational errors, including clerical or record keeping 
errors or errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems. The Issuer’s definition 
of operational risk includes reputational risk, legal risk, and model risk among other risk factors. The 
top priorities of the Issuer in relation to operational risk as at the date of this Base Prospectus are 
outsourcing risk and information and communication technology risk. According to the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) results, operational risk accounted for 0.8 per cent. of total 
SREP capital requirement of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) (together, the Group) 
in 2023. 
The Issuer is vulnerable to the failure of IT systems and breaches of security systems 
Any significant interruption, degradation, failure or lack of capacity of the Issuer’s information 
technology (IT) systems could cause it to fail to complete transactions on a timely basis or at all and 
materially affect the Issuer. A sustained failure of the Issuer’s IT systems, or of critical third-party 
systems, would have a significant impact on its operations and the confidence its customers have in 
the reliability and safety of its banking systems and could therefore adversely impact the Issuer’s 
financial position. 
The secure transmission of confidential information is a critical element of the Issuer’s operations. 
The Issuer cannot guarantee that existing security measures will prevent security breaches, including 
break-ins, viruses or disruptions. Persons that circumvent the security measures could use the Issuer’s 
or its customers’ confidential information wrongfully, which would expose the Issuer to loss, adverse 
regulatory consequences or litigation. Unauthorised disclosure of confidential information and 
personal data whether through cyber security breaches, viruses or otherwise could expose the Issuer to 
fines, liabilities and costly litigation and damage in reputation. 
The Issuer is vulnerable to disruptions of its operating systems and failures of its vendors 
Given the Issuer’s high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before 
they are discovered and successfully rectified. In addition, its dependence upon automated systems to 
record and process its transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or 
employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. 
The Issuer may also be subject to disruptions of its operating systems, arising from events that are 
wholly or partially beyond its control (including, for example, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, 
unsuccessful IT system updates, equipment malfunction or electrical or telecommunication outages), 
which may give rise to suspension of services to customers and loss to or liability to the Issuer. The 
Issuer is further exposed to the risk that external vendors may be unable to fulfil their contractual 
obligations to the Issuer (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their 
respective employees as the Issuer), and to the risk that its (or its vendors’) business continuity and 
data security systems prove not to be sufficiently adequate. The Issuer also faces the risk that the 
design of its controls and procedures prove inadequate, or are circumvented, thereby causing delays in 
detection of errors in information. Although the Issuer has increased focus on operational risk and 
operational risk measurement framework, there can be no assurance that it will not suffer losses from 
operational risks in the future, as it has in the past, which may be material in amount. 
Shortfalls in the Issuer’s risk management methods may leave the Issuer exposed to unidentified, 
unanticipated, or incorrectly quantified risks, which would lead to material losses or material 
increases in liabilities 
The Issuer will at all times attempt to properly manage risks. The Issuer’s risk management may not 
at all times be able to protect the Issuer against certain risks, especially risks that have not been 
identified or anticipated. The risk management methods may not take all risks into account, and it is 
possible that the methods are incorrect or based on wrong information. Unanticipated or incorrectly

--- Page 30 ---
18 
 
quantified risk exposures could materially affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The Issuer relies on certain key members of management 
The Issuer is highly dependent on the talent of its key personnel, in particular its Chief Executive 
Officer and senior management, many of whom have been employed by the Issuer for a substantial 
period of time. The loss of key members of its senior management or staff may significantly delay the 
Issuer’s ability to implement its business objectives and strategies and could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there is competition 
between businesses in Iceland which could hinder the Issuer’s ability to recruit and retain new senior 
managers if competitors of the Issuer are able to offer more competitive salaries and better incentivise 
individuals.  
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s operational risk can be found in section 7 of the Issuer’s 
Pillar 3 Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is subject to compliance risk which, if realised, could have an adverse impact on its results or 
reputation 
The Issuer defines compliance risk as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss, 
or loss of reputation that the Issuer may suffer because of its failure to comply with applicable laws, 
regulations, rules, related self-regulatory organisation standards, and codes of conduct. In 2023, 
compliance risk was elevated to being level 1 risk in the Issuer’s risk taxonomy. That entailed 
expanding the scope of compliance risk where financial crime risk, data protection risk, conduct risk 
and regulatory compliance risk are now level 2 risk factors overseen by the compliance function. In 
2023, the Issuer implemented certain remedial measures to its compliance function pursuant to a 
settlement agreement it entered into with the FSA, concluding the FSA’s inspection into the execution 
of an offering by the Icelandic State of shares of the Issuer that took place in March 2022. See Note 
13 to the 2023 Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
for further details. 
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s compliance risk can be found in section 7 of the Issuer’s 
Pillar 3 Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer is subject to sustainability risk which may have adverse impact on its results 
The Issuer defines sustainability risk as the risk of being directly or indirectly negatively affected by 
externalities within the areas of environmental, social, and governance considerations, such as climate 
change, biodiversity, anti-corruption, human rights, labour conditions, data privacy, or business 
ethics. Sustainability risk is a part of the Issuer’s Risk Taxonomy and entails both physical and 
transitional climate risk, as well as social and governance risk. Climate-related risks consist of two 
major categories that are often called transition risks and physical risks. The Issuer’s customers are 
exposed to physical risk related to climate change, for instance in the seafood industry where the 
availability of fish and shellfish might diminish due to temperature and acidity changes in the ocean 
around Iceland. Physical risks can have direct financial impact through damaged assets and supply 
chain disruptions. 
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s sustainability risk can be found in section 8 of the 
Issuer’s Pillar 3 Report 2023 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
19 
 
RISKS RELATING TO MACROECONOMIC AND OTHER BUSINESS CONDITIONS 
The Issuer’s results may be adversely affected by general economic conditions and other business 
conditions 
The Issuer’s results are affected by general economic and other business conditions. These conditions 
include changing economic cycles that affect demand for investment and banking products. These 
cycles are also influenced by global political events, such as terrorist acts, war and other hostilities as 
well as by market specific events, such as shifts in consumer confidence and consumer spending, the 
rate of unemployment, industrial output, labour or social unrest and political uncertainty. 
In particular, the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations are affected directly 
by economic and political conditions in Iceland as almost all of the Issuer’s business activities take 
place in Iceland.  
There is great uncertainty concerning economic development in Iceland’s main trading partner 
countries and concerning the downturn in consumption occurring throughout the world. Expected loss 
rates are, among other factors, dependent upon unemployment, inflation and exchange rates as well as 
possible changes in legislation and compliance. The recovery rates also depend on asset price 
evolvement and legislation changes concerning liquidation of assets. Such changes in the general 
economic conditions and other business conditions may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
results.  
The Russian invasion of Ukraine has created significant uncertainty and financial market volatility 
and could have adverse effects on the Icelandic, European and global economies 
In late February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, significantly amplifying already existing geopolitical 
tensions among Russia, Ukraine and other countries in the region, and the West, including the United 
States. Russia’s invasion, the responses of countries and political bodies, such as the European Union 
and NATO, to Russia’s actions, the larger overarching tensions, and Ukraine’s military response and 
the potential for wider conflict have created significant uncertainty and financial market volatility and 
could have adverse effects on the Icelandic economy as well as the wider European and global 
economy, including the markets for commodities such as crude oil and natural gas. Following 
Russia’s actions, many countries, including the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany 
and Canada, as well as the European Union, issued broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia. 
Such sanctions included, among other things, a prohibition on doing business with certain Russian 
companies, large financial institutions, officials and oligarchs; a commitment by certain countries and 
the European Union to remove selected Russian banks from the Society for Worldwide Interbank 
Financial Telecommunications (SWIFT), the electronic banking network that connects banks 
globally; and restrictive measures to prevent the Russian Central Bank from undermining the impact 
of the sanctions. 
The current sanctions (and potential further sanctions in response to continued Russian military 
activity) and other actions have not only had a significant adverse impact on various sectors of the 
Russian economy, but have also adversely affected the wider European and global economy as well as 
financial and energy markets. However, the market impact in Iceland has so far been moderate. GDP 
growth in 2022 was at a rate of 7.2 per cent. according to Statistics Iceland’s preliminary data as the 
Icelandic economy rebounded from the 2020 recession and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
(see “The Icelandic Economy” on page 164). In 2023, however, the war and its impact through global 
inflationary pressures, rising interest rates and consumer sentiment on private consumption growth in 
consumer markets and export growth may have had some impact on the rate of GDP growth.   
While diplomatic efforts have been ongoing, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine is currently 
unpredictable and has the potential to result in broadened military actions. The duration of ongoing

--- Page 32 ---
20 
 
hostilities and such sanctions and related events cannot be predicted. These factors, as well as 
uncertainty as to future relations between Russia, the European Union, Iceland and other countries in 
the West, or between Russia and the eastern European countries, may have a negative impact on the 
Issuer’s margins, business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Systemic risk could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
Concerns about, or a default by, one financial institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, 
losses or defaults by other financial institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial 
institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between 
these institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may materially affect 
financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and 
exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis, and could materially affect the Issuer’s 
business operations and results. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS MODEL AND THE OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE 
OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer, its operations and its management may continue to come under the public spotlight from 
time to time for as long as the Icelandic state has an ownership interest in the Issuer  
The Icelandic state, through the Icelandic State Financial Investments (ISFI), remains, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, a major shareholder of the Issuer and as a result, the Issuer, its operations and 
its management continue to occupy the public spotlight and be subject to public scrutiny from time to 
time. It cannot be excluded that in the future, the Issuer will be in the public spotlight and come under 
pressure to change aspects of its corporate governance, policies and certain operations or to review 
past practices. This may force the Group to spend potentially significant amounts of management time 
and incur significant expense.  
Further reductions of the Icelandic state's interest in the Issuer may result in a perception of 
increased risk by investors and customers, including depositors  
Following the initial public offering of shares of the Issuer in June 2021, the Icelandic state, through 
the ISFI, held 65 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital. On 22 March 2022, the Icelandic state, through 
the ISFI, sold a 22.5 per cent. stake in Íslandsbanki via an accelerated book-building offering of 
existing shares (the Offering) to qualified domestic and international investors (the Transaction). 
Following the completion and settlement of the Transaction on 28 March 2022, the Icelandic state, 
through the ISFI, holds 42.5 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital. According to the Icelandic State 
Budget for the year 2024 the Icelandic State intends to sell its shares in the Issuer in full over the next 
two years, the first half in the year 2024 and the remainder in the year 2025. Such sales may result in a 
perception of increased risk by investors, counterparties and clients, including depositors, with respect 
to the safety of customer deposits, the Issuer's capital position, risk profile and the Issuer's soundness 
in general as some investors and customers may have taken comfort from the Icelandic state's 
shareholding in the Issuer. This could lead to a general decrease in investor, counterparty and 
customer confidence, which may, for example, result in a reduction of customer deposits. The 
materialisation of any of these events could materially and adversely affect the market price of the 
Issuer's securities and its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Disruptions, dislocations, structural challenges and market volatility in financial markets could 
materially and adversely affect the Issuer's banking and funding activities and could materially and 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
Financial markets can experience sometimes sustained periods of unpredictable movements, severe 
dislocations, liquidity disruptions and economic shocks. These market conditions could lead to

--- Page 33 ---
21 
 
volatility in the Issuer's profitability and in (the composition of) its balance sheet caused by price 
changes and changes in the demand for some of the Group's banking services and products. Such 
conditions could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. These market conditions may also impede the Issuer's ability to raise 
sufficient funding and capital in a timely manner. This could result in, among other things, a delay in 
raising funding or capital, the issuance of capital and funding of different types or under different 
terms than otherwise would have been issued or realised, or the incurrence of additional or increased 
funding and capital costs compared to the costs borne in a more stable market environment. 
Furthermore, the Issuer's hedging and other risk management strategies, such as balance sheet steering 
and interest rate management, may not be as effective at mitigating risks as such strategies would be 
under more normal market conditions. This could potentially lead to a decrease of the Issuer's 
profitability, financial condition and financial flexibility. Financial markets are susceptible to severe 
events characterised by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in liquidity. 
Under such conditions, market participants are particularly exposed to the market behaviour of market 
participants simultaneously thereby on a large scale unwinding or adjusting positions, which may 
even further exacerbate rapid decreases in values of the Issuer's assets or collateral held in its favour 
and which could cause liquidity tensions and disruptions. These market conditions may cause a 
decline in the profitability, an increase in unrealised losses in the Group's various asset portfolios, and 
a reduction in unrealised gains in the Issuer's various asset portfolios. 
The economies in which the Group is active may continue to face structural challenges, which could 
contribute to renewed high volatility in both the debt and the equity markets. Any deterioration of the 
sovereign debt market in the Eurozone or elsewhere, or other economic shocks could materially and 
adversely affect the Issuer's results of operations, financial condition and prospects, as well as the 
Issuer's funding and capital transactions and hedging and other risk management strategies. Other 
events may also affect the financial markets, such as heightened geopolitical tensions, war, acts of 
terrorism, natural disasters or other similar events. There is no assurance that market volatility will not 
result in a prolonged market decline, or that such market declines for other reasons will not occur in 
the future. Severe market events have historically been proven to be difficult or impossible to predict, 
and could lead to the Issuer realising significant losses, especially if they were to persist for an 
extended period of time. Therefore, market volatility, liquidity disruptions, or market dislocations 
could materially and adversely affect the Issuer's banking, capital and funding activities and could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Issuer’s insurance coverage may not adequately cover losses resulting from the risks for which it 
is insured 
The Issuer maintains customary insurance policies for the Issuer’s operations, including insurance for 
liquid assets, money transport and directors’ and officers’ liability. The Issuer’s business involves 
risks of liability in relation to litigation from customers, employees, third-party service providers, and 
action taken by regulatory agencies, and there is a risk that these may not be adequately covered by 
the insurance or at all. Due to the nature of the Issuer’s operations and the nature of the risks that the 
Issuer faces, there can be no assurance that the coverage that the Issuer maintains is adequate which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations and financial condition. 
RISKS RELATING TO CAPITAL AND OTHER REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE ISSUER 
The Issuer’s capital management framework is based on Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD IV) and 
Regulation 575/2013/EU (CRR), which have already been implemented into Icelandic legislation. For 
more information on the Issuer’s capital requirements, see “Business Overview — Regulatory and Tax 
Environment — Capital Requirements”.

--- Page 34 ---
22 
 
Any failure by the Issuer to maintain any increased regulatory capital requirements or to comply with 
any other requirements introduced by regulators could result in intervention by regulators or the 
imposition of sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s profitability and 
results and may also have other effects on the Issuer’s financial performance and on the pricing of the 
Covered Bonds, both with or without the intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions.  
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability 
through increased regulation of financial institutions and their corresponding capital and liquidity 
positions.  This has resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages 
of implementation and which may have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in 
covered bond exposures and/or on the incentives for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may 
thereby affect the liquidity of such securities.  Investors in the Covered Bonds are responsible for 
analysing their own regulatory position and none of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger(s) makes 
any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Covered Bonds regarding the 
treatment of their investment on the Issue Date or at any time in the future. 
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) has 
approved a series of significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such 
changes being referred to by the BCBS as Basel III).  Basel III provides for a substantial 
strengthening of existing prudential rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital 
standards (with heightened requirements for global systemically important banks) and to establish a 
leverage ratio "backstop" for financial institutions and certain minimum liquidity standards (referred 
to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and the Net Stable Funding Ratio).  BCBS member countries 
agreed to implement the initial phase of the Basel III reforms from 1 January 2013 and the second 
phase from 1 January 2022, subject to transitional and phase-in arrangements for certain requirements.  
In December 2017, BCBS published the final phase of the Basel III framework, which included (i) the 
standardised approach for credit risk, (ii) internal ratings-based approach for credit risk, (iii) minimum 
capital requirements for credit valuation adjustment risk, (iv) minimum capital requirements for 
operational risk, (v) output floor and (vi) leverage ratio. In addition, the BCBS published the revised 
minimum capital requirements for market risk in January 2019. As part of the European Union’s 
banking package of 2021, and in order to implement the final phase of the Basel III Framework, the 
European Commission adopted, in October 2021, a proposal to amend Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
(CRR III Proposal) and a proposal to amend Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD VI Proposal). The CRR 
III Proposal and CRD VI Proposal include several European Union-specific deviations from the final 
phase of the Basel III Framework. In December 2023, the final phase of the Basel III implementation, 
set up in the European Union’s banking package in October 2021, was agreed and endorsed by the 
European Parliament and the Council. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the legislative package 
has been submitted to the European Parliament Plenary and the Council for adoption, after which the 
legal texts will be published in the Official Journal of the EU.  As long as the CRR III Proposal and 
CRD VI Proposal have not been finally adopted as European Union law, the Issuer cannot determine 
their precise effects on its own financial performance or the impact on the pricing of its Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements described above 
(and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in addition 
to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Covered Bonds.  
No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISK 
Regulatory changes in Iceland  
On 1 March 2023 the Icelandic legislature completed the implementation of Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 (the Covered Bond Directive) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 implementing certain

--- Page 35 ---
23 
 
amendments to Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (the CRR and together with the Covered 
Bond Directive, the EU Covered Bond Rules) into Icelandic law.  Implementation of the EU 
Covered Bond Rules has imposed certain new requirements on the Issuer, such as a new liquidity 
buffer requirement of 180 days and objective requirements for exercise of extendable maturity (aka 
‘soft bullet’) rights by the Issuer (see the risk factor entitled "Extendable obligations under the 
Covered Bonds").  The Covered Bonds are expected to be fully compliant with the CRR and therefore 
qualify for a 20 per cent. risk weighting in eligible European jurisdictions.  However, the Issuer 
cannot be certain as to how any of the regulatory developments described above or other regulatory 
changes not currently known to the Issuer will impact the treatment of the Covered Bonds for 
investors.  Investors should make their own assessment of the implications of the CRR (and other 
relevant regulation) on their holding of the Covered Bonds. 
Regulatory changes or enforcement initiatives could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
As a financial institution, the Issuer must comply with a comprehensive set of laws and regulations. 
The legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer is constantly changing and the Issuer puts 
substantial resources into monitoring and implementing these changes to ensure full compliance. 
Regulatory agencies have broad administrative power over many aspects of the financial services 
business, which may include liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, investor 
protection, ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, record keeping, and marketing and selling 
practices. Banking and financial services laws, regulations and policies currently governing the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries may change at any time in ways which have a material effect on the Issuer’s 
business. Furthermore, the Issuer cannot predict the timing or form of any future regulatory initiatives. 
Changes in existing banking and financial services laws and regulations may materially affect the way 
in which the Issuer conducts its business, the products or services it may offer and the value of its 
assets. If it fails, or appears to fail, to appropriately address these changes or initiatives, its reputation 
could be harmed and it could be subject to additional legal risk, which could, in turn, increase the size 
and number of claims and damages asserted against it or subject it to enforcement actions, fines and 
penalties. Regulatory agencies have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against 
the Issuer, which could result, among other things, in suspension or revocation of its licenses, cease 
and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action which could 
materially harm its results of operations and financial condition. 
The Icelandic government has passed and issued many statutes and regulations affecting the banking 
and financial services industry since 2008. There can be no assurance that the Icelandic government 
will not enact new regulations.  
The Issuer has a high proportion of inflation-linked mortgage loans and there is a risk that legislation 
might be imposed which varies the terms of those loans in a manner that is adverse to the Issuer 
A high proportion of the Issuer’s mortgage loans are inflation-linked. Under these loans, the monthly 
repayment increases if and to the extent that inflation in Iceland increases. Following the financial 
crisis in 2008, inflation in Iceland increased significantly. This resulted in higher payments falling due 
under inflation-linked loans at the same time as borrowers faced lower wages and less purchasing 
power. There was significant debate in Iceland regarding these loans in the period preceding the 
parliamentary elections in April 2013. The Icelandic government announced at the end of November 
2013 an action plan aimed at reducing the country's housing debt. On the basis of the action plan, the 
Icelandic Parliament passed Act No. 35/2014 and Act No. 40/2014. The objective of Act No. 35/2014 
was to write down the principal of indexed residential mortgages. Act No. 40/2014, which amended 
the Pension Act No. 129/1997, authorised households with residential mortgages, in the period 
between 1 July 2014 and 30 June 2017, to use payments which would otherwise go to a private 
pension fund to reduce the principal amount of their mortgages. This option has since been extended 
until 31 December 2024. This option is open to all residential mortgage holders regardless of the form 
of their mortgage. This action plan was financed by an increase in the Bank Levy (see “Business

--- Page 36 ---
24 
 
Overview — Regulatory and Tax Environment — Tax Environment”) that has increased the Issuer’s 
financial burden and decreased its profitability. There is a risk that additional legislation may be 
adopted or other government action taken to reduce the payment burden under inflation-linked 
mortgages. Should this occur, it would have a materially negative impact on the Issuer’s loan 
portfolio, financial condition and results of operations.  
Changes in tax laws or in their interpretation could harm the Issuer’s business 
The Issuer’s results of operations could be harmed by changes in tax laws and tax treaties or the 
interpretation thereof, changes in corporate tax rates and the refusal of tax authorities to issue or 
extend advanced tax rulings. 
In addition to the basic corporate income tax rate of 21 per cent. in Iceland for the year 2024, the 
Icelandic Parliament passed the Act on Special Tax on Financial Undertakings, No. 155/2010, in 
December 2011 (Act on Special Tax on Financial Undertakings), under which certain types of 
financial institutions, including the Issuer, are required to pay an annual levy of the carrying amount 
of their liabilities as determined for tax purposes. In 2013 the levy was increased and set at 0.376 per 
cent. of the total debt of the Issuer excluding tax liabilities in excess of ISK 50 billion at the end of the 
year. Non-financial subsidiaries are exempt from this tax. The Act on Special Tax on Financial 
Undertakings was amended in March 2020 with Act No. 25/2020 in relation to measures from the 
Icelandic government and the Central Bank due to the COVID-19 pandemic reducing the levy to 
0.145 per cent. in 2020. 
According to the Icelandic Act No. 90/2003 on Income Tax, as amended (ITA) payments of Icelandic 
sourced interest by an Icelandic debtor, such as the Issuer, to a foreign creditor, including holders of 
bonds, who are not Icelandic are taxable in Iceland and can be subject to withholding tax at the rate of 
12.0 per cent. for individuals and 13.0 per cent. for legal entities. This withholding is applicable 
unless the foreign creditor can demonstrate and obtain approval from the Iceland Internal Revenue 
that an exemption applies, such as the existence of a relevant double taxation treaty, and in such case 
the provisions of the double tax treaty will apply. The exemption, subject to certain other 
requirements, applies to bonds that are held through a clearing system, such as CSD, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, within a member state of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (the OECD), the EEA, a founding member state of the European Free Trade 
Association (the EFTA) or the Faroe Islands. Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer are subject to the 
aforementioned exemption. 
According to the Act on Tax on Financial Activities, No. 165/2011, certain types of financial 
institutions, including the Issuer, are required to pay a special additional tax levied on all 
remuneration paid to employees. The levy is currently set at 5.5 per cent. of such remuneration. 
Additionally, according to Article 71 of the ITA, a special additional income tax on legal entities 
liable for taxation according to Article 2 of Act No. 165/2011, which includes the Issuer is set at 6.0 
per cent. on income over ISK 1 billion, disregarding joint taxation and transferable losses. The 
aforementioned taxes and levies placed on the Issuer increases the cost burden on the Issuer and 
subjects it to a competitive disadvantage relative to other competitors, which are not subject to such 
taxes or levies. See further in “Description of the Issuer – Tax Environment”. The Issuer may be 
subject to additional taxes or levies in the future, so there can be no assurance that additional taxes 
and levies could increase the Issuer’s cost of funding and operating costs generally, reduce the ability 
of the Issuer to compete effectively with other lenders and/or decrease the Issuer’s lending volumes 
and margins any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, 
financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. Any such increase could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of 
the Issuer and its ability to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 37 ---
25 
 
Iceland’s national implementation of EEA rules may be inadequate in certain circumstances 
As a member state of the EEA, Iceland is obligated to implement parts of European Union law. A 
large amount of Icelandic legislation relating to the financial services industry, such as the legislation 
on financial undertakings, securities transactions and other legislation relating to financial markets, is 
implemented from EU law. If the state fails to draft national law in a way that conforms with EEA 
rules, Icelandic citizens may not be able to rely on national laws and the Icelandic courts could be 
restricted from applying them unless the Icelandic legislation can be interpreted in a way which 
conforms with EU legislation. As a result, Covered Bondholders may not, in all circumstances, enjoy 
the same legal protection they would expect as holders of securities issued by issuers in EU member 
states where EU instruments are directly applicable or have been adequately implemented into 
national legislation. Moreover, there can be errors in the implementation of EU law and in those 
cases, Icelandic law will be deemed to prevail in the Icelandic courts. Inconsistencies between EU law 
and Icelandic law can lead to uncertainty over which rules the Issuer must follow, which can take up a 
lot of the Issuer's resources and time in trying to identify which rules to follow.  
There can be a delay before Icelandic law implements EU legislation, which could also feed into the 
Issuer's uncertainty as to which rules it must comply with. Icelandic authorities may try to reduce 
uncertainty by working off requirements under the new EEA rules, which are in the process of being 
implemented. As a result, the Issuer may be unable to rely on the precise wording of current statutes 
or draw guidance from legislative preparatory works. Working to comply with regulations which are 
changing can be resource intensive and exposes the Issuer to a risk of non-compliance.  
There may be circumstances in which courts may give judgments in ISK and/or in which a judgment 
of courts other than the Icelandic courts may not be enforceable in Iceland (or, if it is enforceable in 
Iceland, which may result in the judgment creditor receiving ISK) 
There may be circumstances in which a court hearing a dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds may give judgment in ISK. Further, judgments given 
by courts other than the Icelandic courts may not necessarily be enforceable against the Issuer in 
Iceland. Even if a judgment is enforceable in Iceland, the enforcement process may result in the 
judgment creditor receiving ISK.  
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Iceland in the courts of a state which is not a 
party to the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil 
and Commercial Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) as a 
Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in 
Iceland as a matter of law without a retrial on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a matter 
of evidence before the courts of law of Iceland). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the United 
Kingdom and Iceland are not bound by any agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual 
recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Covered Bonds. The United 
Kingdom has applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an independent contracting state, but 
the other contracting states have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, not approved the application. 
As a result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Covered Bonds obtained in 
the courts of England against the Issuer, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in 
Iceland. However, if a Covered Bondholder brings a new action in a competent court in Iceland, the 
final judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Icelandic court, but will only be 
regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Icelandic court has full 
discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore 
significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Covered Bondholders of the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 38 ---
26 
 
Following is a list of pending or threatened proceedings against the Issuer which might have 
significant effects on the Issuer´s financial position or profitability if not ruled in favour of the Issuer 
Except as described below under “General Information – Litigation”, there are no governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have, 
or have had, a significant effect on the Issuer financial position or profitability. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS 
ASSOCIATED 
WITH 
THE 
COVERED 
BONDS 
ISSUED 
UNDER 
THE 
PROGRAMME 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered 
Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of certain of such features: 
Payments and the principal of the Covered Bonds under the programme can in some cases be 
determined by reference to an index which could adversely affect the value of the index linked 
Covered Bonds 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds with 
principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of 
securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates (each, a Relevant Factor). In 
addition, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Covered Bonds are denominated. 
Potential investor should be aware that:  
(a) 
the market price of such Covered Bonds may be volatile;  
(b) 
they may receive some only or no interest;  
(c) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected;  
(d) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal;  
(e) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices;  
(f) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Covered Bonds in conjunction with a multiplier greater than 
one or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on 
principal or interest payable is likely to be magnified; and  
(g) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect (which may be positive or negative) on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication 
of the future performance of such index or other Relevant Factor during the term of any Covered 
Bonds. Each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk 
entailed in an investment in any Covered Bonds linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such 
Covered Bonds in light of its particular circumstances.

--- Page 39 ---
27 
 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds 
Following the failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered Bonds 
on their Maturity Date, payment of such unpaid amounts shall be deferred if the applicable Final 
Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable and a deferral of the Maturity Date is 
granted by the FSA at such time (a "Maturity Extension Approval"). 
Under the Act on Covered Bonds, a Maturity Extension Approval is subject to the following 
conditions: 
(a) 
the deferral is necessary for the purposes of: 
(i) 
preventing default on a Covered Bond or a derivative contract without the sale of assets 
at a substantial discount; 
(ii) 
early intervention by the FSA in accordance with the Act on Financial Undertakings or 
the resolution of the Issuer achieving the objective of the Act on Resolution of Credit 
Institutions and Investment Firms; or 
(iii) optimising the claims of Covered Bondholders and counterparties of derivative 
contracts upon the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer; 
(b) 
that the deferral is explicitly authorised pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bond, which set out the final maturity date, the maturity extension triggers, the consequences 
that insolvency or resolution of the Issuer may have on the extension and the role of the FSA 
with regard to such deferral; and 
(c) 
that the deferral does not affect the maturity schedule of other Covered Bonds collateralised 
by the same cover pool. 
The Issuer is required (pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds) to promptly inform the Covered 
Bondholders of the deferral of the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the duration of such deferral.  
Further, under Condition 9.11 (Extension of Maturity Date), the Issuer shall promptly inform the 
Covered Bondholders of a Maturity Extension Approval. 
With respect to paragraph (a)(ii) above, the objective of resolution, as set out in Act No. 70/2020 on 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (cf. Article 1 of the Act), is to preserve 
financial stability, inter alia, by ensuring the continuity of essential economic activities and preventing 
significant adverse impact on the financial system. Further, the objective of the Act is to minimise the 
risk of reliance on public financial support to private companies, and to protect depositors, investors 
and client assets. 
To the extent that the Issuer has sufficient funds available to pay in part the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds following the deferral of the Maturity 
Date as described above, the Issuer shall make partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount as described in Condition 9.11(e). Payment of all unpaid amounts shall following the deferral 
of the Maturity Date as described above, be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended 
Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date 
thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date.  
The Extended Maturity Date and the applicable interest rate will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date. In

--- Page 40 ---
28 
 
these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment in respect of the Final Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the Issuer provided a 
Maturity Extension Approval has been granted by the FSA. However, failure by the Issuer to pay the 
Final Redemption Amount or the balance thereof on the Extended Maturity Date and/or interest on 
such amount on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the 
Extended Maturity Date shall constitute a default in payment by the Issuer.  
Furthermore, in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each Interest 
Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date, as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may pay such interest pursuant to the Floating Rate 
set out in the applicable Final Terms notwithstanding that the relevant Covered Bond was a Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond as at its relevant Issue Date. In addition, following deferral of the Maturity Date, 
the Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods may change as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Covered Bonds at its option, this may limit the market value 
of the Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in a manner which achieves a similar effective return  
If the optional redemption feature of the Covered Bonds is applicable in the Final Terms, it is likely to 
limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the 
market value of those Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may elect to exercise its option to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is 
lower than the interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Covered Bonds which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates  
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates compared to prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility compared to more conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.  Any such price volatility may have an adverse 
effect on the market value of any Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium to their 
principal amount. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in 
respect of taxes under the terms of the Covered Bonds applies only to payments of interest in respect 
of the Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons and not to payments of principal. As such, the Issuer 
would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the Covered Bonds to the 
extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal in respect of the Covered Bonds, 
Receipts or Coupons, the Covered Bondholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders may receive less 
than the full amount due under the Covered Bonds, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, and the 
market value of the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. Covered Bondholders should note that 
principal for these purposes may include any payments of premium.

--- Page 41 ---
29 
 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR), are the 
subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such a benchmark.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of 
a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register 
(or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. More broadly, any of the 
national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark 
and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent, in whole or in part, upon a benchmark.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and/ or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates which may be reference rates for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds.  
To avoid the problems associated with the potential manipulation and financial stability risks of 
interbank offered rates (IBORs), regulatory authorities in a number of key jurisdictions are requiring 
financial markets to transition away from IBORs to near risk-free rates which exclude the risk-
element of interbank lending. Risk-free rates may differ from IBORs in a number of material respects. 
In particular, in the majority of relevant jurisdictions, the chosen risk-free rate is an overnight rate (for

--- Page 42 ---
30 
 
example, the €STR in respect of Euro), with the interest rate for a relevant period calculated on a 
backward looking (compounded or simple weighted average) basis, rather than on the basis of a 
forward-looking term. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently from EURIBOR and other IBORs as Reference Rates for the Covered Bonds. 
Investors should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates such 
as €STR as reference rates in the capital markets. In particular, market participants and relevant 
working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on €STR which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of such rates over a designated term. The market or a significant part 
thereof (including the Issuer) may adopt an application of €STR and/or any other risk free rate that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions (including in relation to fallbacks in the event 
that such rates are discontinued or fundamentally altered) and used in relation to Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds referencing risk free rates such as €STR issued under this Programme. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may, in the future, issue Covered Bonds referencing €STR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous €STR-referenced 
Covered Bonds issued by it under the Programme. Equally in such circumstances, it may be difficult 
for the Issuer to find any future required replacement swap counterparty to properly hedge its then 
interest rate exposure on such a Floating Rate Covered Bonds should a swap counterparty need to be 
replaced and such Floating Rate Covered Bond at that time uses an application of €STR that then 
differs from products then prepared to be hedged by such currency swap counterparties. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Covered Bonds which reference €STR is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Covered Bonds which reference €STR to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Covered Bonds, and some investors may 
be unable or unwilling to trade such Covered Bonds without changes to their IT systems, both of 
which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of the €STR reference rate in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR in other markets, such as 
the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of the €STR reference rate across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Covered Bonds referencing €STR. 
Since risk free rates are relatively new in the market, Covered Bonds referencing such rates may have 
no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or 
may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to €STR and/or any other risk free 
rate, such as the spread over the rate reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of the Covered Bonds referencing €STR and/or any other risk free rate may be lower 
than those of later-issued debt securities linked to the same rate as a result. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example EURIBOR) may adversely affect the 
value of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark 
rate 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the 
rate of interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are linked to or which reference such 
benchmark rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to 
such Covered Bonds.  The Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Covered Bonds (as defined below) 
provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, including an 
interbank offered rate such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rate (including any page on 
which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable or if

--- Page 43 ---
31 
 
another Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions and including, for example, if the 
Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published or if there is a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be used) otherwise occurs. 
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and in the case of Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable (any such Covered Bonds, Relevant Covered Bonds), such fallback arrangements will 
include the possibility that: 
(a) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case 
may be, determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) determined by the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted 
(if required) by the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate 
with the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more 
fully in the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Covered Bonds. 
The use of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate may result in interest 
payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the 
payments that could have been made on the Relevant Covered Bonds if the Original Reference Rate 
remained available in its current form. In particular, if a Benchmark Event occurs as a result of a 
public statement that the relevant Original Reference Rate is no longer representative, the relevant rate 
of interest on the Relevant Covered Bonds may therefore cease to be determined by reference to that 
Original Reference Rate, and instead be determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate, even if the Original Reference Rate continues to be published.  
Such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (including with the application of an 
Adjustment Spread) may be lower than the Original Reference Rate for so long as that Original 
Reference Rate continues to be published, and the value of and return on the Relevant Covered Bonds 
may be adversely affected. The application of an Adjustment Spread (which may be zero), as 
described in the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Covered Bonds, may result in the Relevant 
Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they 
would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
In addition, in the case of Relevant Covered Bonds, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may also 
determine that other amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Covered Bonds are 
necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).   
No consent of the Covered Bondholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments described above.

--- Page 44 ---
32 
 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular 
Interest Period of a Series of Covered Bonds may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate of interest for 
the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period. In 
addition, in the case of Relevant Covered Bonds, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
Successor Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Covered Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should note that, in the case of 
Relevant Covered Bonds, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances 
described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there 
can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Covered Bondholder, any such 
adjustment will be favourable to each Covered Bondholder. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of net proceeds, such as Green, Social or Sustainability 
Bonds may not be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
As described in the section “Use of Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds (any such Covered Bonds, Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds) may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of the issue of such Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds to finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, the Green or Social Loans, as further described in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Sustainable Funding Framework (as defined below). The use of such amount equal to the net proceeds 
may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, the relevant Green or Social Loans, as further described in the Sustainable 
Funding Framework). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “blue”, “social” or 
“sustainable” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as “green”, “blue”, “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent 
label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication 
in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the EU Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy), which is subject to phased 
implementation. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is subject to further development by way of the 
implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening 
criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 April 2021, 
the European Commission approved the first delegated act and the Delegated Regulation

--- Page 45 ---
33 
 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the EU 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act) was formally adopted on 4 June 2021 and applied from 1 
January 2022. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act is aimed at supporting sustainable 
investment by making it clear which economic activities most contribute to the EU’s environmental 
objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out criteria for economic activities in the 
sectors that are most relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering on climate change 
adaptation. This includes sectors such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and buildings. On 
27 June 2023, the European Commission formally adopted the second Delegated Regulation 
supplementing the EU Taxonomy Regulation (the EU Taxonomy Environmental Delegated Act). The 
EU Taxonomy Environmental Delegated Act was published in the EU Official Journal on 21 
November 2023 and applied from 1 January 2024. The EU Taxonomy Environmental Delegated Act 
sets out criteria for economic activities making a substantial contribution to one or more of the non-
climate environmental objectives. 
The Sustainable Funding Framework provides that the designation of the Eligible Project Categories 
has had and will, on a best efforts basis, have regard to categories of environmental activities that are 
included in the EU Taxonomy Regulation and that the eligibility criteria for each subcategory of 
Green Loans has been designed and will be designed, on a best efforts basis, to comply with the 
technical screening criteria set out in the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act as in effect at the date 
of the Sustainable Funding Framework, provided, in each case, that there are feasible practical 
Eligible Project Categories meeting these requirements in the geographies in which the Issuer’s assets 
are located as a matter of local regulation. Because all criteria for such objectives have not yet been 
developed and disclosed, no assurance or representation is or can be given that any Green or Social 
Loans or any Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds will be compliant with the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation. 
In addition, no assurance or representation is or can be given that any Green, Social or Sustainability 
Bonds issued under the Programme will be compliant with the Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on European Green Bonds (the EU Green Bond 
Regulation) or will meet any of the requirements of market participants subject to Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council on Sustainability-Related Disclosure in the 
Financial Services Sector (the SFDR), and any delegated or other implementing regulations and 
guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom. The EU Green Bond Regulation was 
published in the Official Journal of the EU on 30 November 2023 and will start applying from 21 
December 2024. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Taxonomy Regulation, once the technical 
screening criteria are established, the EU Green Bond Regulation and/or the SFDR is not certain and 
no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Green or Social Loans will meet or continue to meet on an ongoing basis any or all investor 
expectations regarding such “green”, “blue”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives, or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green or Social 
Loans. 
In addition, the requirements of any such definition may evolve from time to time, and, as such, the 
use of the proceeds of Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds may not meet any or all Covered 
Bondholders’ expectations regarding such “green”, “blue”, “social”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or any investment criteria or guidelines with which an 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law, 
regulations or standards or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the Green or 
Social Loans funded with an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds from Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds or that the Sustainable Funding Framework will be aligned with the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation or any other applicable laws, regulations or standards.

--- Page 46 ---
34 
 
Any opinion or certification by a third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds and in 
particular with any project to fulfil any environmental, and/or other criteria may not be suitable for 
Covered Bondholders’ purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Sustainable Funding Framework and 
any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green, 
Social or Sustainability Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that 
opinion was issued. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
eligible projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Such listing or admission 
to trading obtained in respect of any such Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds may not be 
maintained during the life of the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green, 
Social or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Sustainable Funding 
Framework, the related projects may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be 
totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Such projects may not be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. None of the Dealers will assess, verify or monitor the 
application of the amount equal to the net proceeds of any such Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
issued under the Programme. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its 
capital and other assets, and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds and any Green or Social Loans (or any other environmental or similar targets set 
by the Issuer) and consequently neither payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on, nor 
an investor’s right to accelerate repayment of, the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds shall depend 
on the performance of the relevant Green or Social Loans or the performance of the Issuer in respect 
of any such environmental or similar targets. 
Any event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green, 
Social or Sustainability Bonds, withdrawal of any opinion or certification relating to the allocation of 
such amount, publication of any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in 
whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on, 
failure to obtain and publish any reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, any Green, Social 
or Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading or displayed on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid, the fact that the maturity of an Green or Social Loan may 
not match the minimum duration of any Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds and/or or the failure by 
the Issuer to meet any other environmental or sustainability targets, will not, in any such case (i) give 
rise to any claim of a Covered Bondholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute a default of the Issuer for 
any purpose; or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green, Social or Sustainability

--- Page 47 ---
35 
 
Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds. 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any 
such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Covered 
Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for Covered Bondholders with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, it is 
however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project.  
Investors should be aware that Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds may also be subject to the 
resolution tools granted to the competent authority under the BRRD in circumstances where the Issuer 
fails or is likely to fail. For more information on the Issuer Recovery and Resolution Directive, see 
"Business Overview — Regulatory and Tax Environment — Capital Requirements and European 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive". 
If an investor holds Covered Bonds which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, the 
investor will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding.  
In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Covered Bonds could result in the 
investor not receiving payments on those Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency outlined in 
the applicable Final Terms.  This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Covered Bonds and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Covered Bonds.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent increases in market interest 
rates above the rate paid on the relevant Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will adversely affect the value of 
the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Covered Bonds may not reflect all the risks associated 
with an investment in those Covered Bonds 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Covered 
Bonds. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 48 ---
36 
 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended 
or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In addition, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Covered Bonds. In such 
circumstances there can be no assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the 
comparable solicited ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds, which could adversely affect the market 
value and liquidity of the Covered Bonds.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst 
the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of 
the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of 
ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either 
be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating 
agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Covered Bonds may have 
a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their liquidity 
in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is 
set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS ISSUED BY THE ISSUER 
The Covered Bonds are governed by law and regulations. The Act on Covered Bonds provides that 
the FSA may issue rules providing for, inter alia, the types of assets in a cover pool, methods for 
appraisal of collateral of bonds, terms and conditions for derivative agreements, assets that may be 
considered for the liquidity buffer, the register and conditions for the calculation of risk and interest 
payments. FSA has issued such rules, i.e. Rules No. 190/2023, on Covered Bonds (the Rules on 
Covered Bonds or the Rules) that concern, among other things, the conditions for being granted a 
licence to issue Covered Bonds, appraisal and revaluation of the assets in the cover pool, coverage 
requirements, derivative agreements, the covered bonds register and the eligibility and reporting of the 
cover pool monitor and reporting to the FSA. Effective 1 January 2020, after the merger of the FSA 
and the Central Bank, the Central Bank is now responsible for the task entrusted by law and 
governmental directives to the FSA, in accordance with article 25 of the Icelandic Act on Covered 
Bonds, as amended. Any changes to the Act on Covered Bonds and/or the Rules on Covered Bonds as

--- Page 49 ---
37 
 
well as other current legislation might affect the legal and regulatory risks relating to the Covered 
Bonds.  
The Act on Covered Bonds entered into force on 20 March 2008. To date only a few licenses to issue 
covered bonds have been granted under the Act on Covered Bonds and there are limited precedents on 
how its provisions will be interpreted or applied by Icelandic courts or administrative authorities. The 
preparatory works to the Act on Covered Bonds give limited guidance and the system of covered 
bonds secured by the cover pool lacks any clear analogues in Icelandic law that would allow for clear 
conclusions in respect of the Act on Covered Bonds, the covered bonds or the cover pool. It is 
uncertain how the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds and/or Rules on Covered Bonds will be 
interpreted by the courts or whether changes or amendments will be made to it which will affect 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. See further in section entitled “Summary of Icelandic 
Legislation relating to Covered Bonds”. 
A decline in the price of real estate and the housing market could affect the Issuer’s ability to perform 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds  
The Cover Pool which will secure the Covered Bonds is comprised of mortgage loans secured on 
residential property which, at the date of this Base Prospectus, are located in Iceland. These 
residential mortgage loans may be loans originally made to a borrower for the purpose of buying, 
constructing, altering or refinancing a residential property in which that borrower subsequently resides 
or may be mortgage loans made to a borrower for the purchase of that residential property for 
investment, rental or other purposes.  
A borrower under a residential loan may default on its obligation under that residential loan. The 
credit risk relating to the Cover Pool is partly driven by the performance of the real estate and housing 
market in Iceland. There can be no assurance on the future development of the value of assets in the 
Cover Pool. Several circumstances may affect the level of credit loss such as changes in the economic 
climate, both nationally and internationally, changes in market rates, increases in taxation, inflation 
and changes in political policies etc. Borrowers may default and their financial standing may 
deteriorate as a result of, for example, changes in their own personal circumstances such as 
unemployment, death, illness or relationship status. Defaults in respect of the Issuer’s assets in the 
Cover Pool under residential mortgage loans could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to make payment in 
full or on a timely basis on the Covered Bonds. If a substantial part of the assets in the Cover Pool 
were to default, there is no guarantee that the required level of assets in the Cover Pool could be 
maintained or that the Issuer would be able to replace the defaulting assets with non-defaulting assets. 
Any such failures could adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operation, financial condition and 
business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds.  
The Covered Bonds may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not 
obliged to make gross-up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than 
expected and could significantly adversely affect their return on the Covered Bonds. 
No events of default  
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain no contractual events of default or right to 
accelerate the Covered Bonds on a failure to pay, insolvency of the Issuer or otherwise. If the Issuer 
fails to make a payment when due or becomes insolvent, then the Covered Bonds remain outstanding 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The Act on Covered Bonds does 
not stipulate to what extent it is necessary to register a security in respect of other assets in a cover 
pool.

--- Page 50 ---
38 
 
Maintenance of the Register  
The Issuer must maintain a register in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool and any 
derivative agreements (and Register shall have the meaning given to it in the Act on Covered Bonds). 
If the Register or the value of the Cover Pool is not maintained in accordance with the Act on Covered 
Bonds, the FSA may revoke the Issuer’s license to issue Covered Bonds. Assets in a cover pool must 
be endorsed showing they are part of a cover pool and have been entered in a register as provided for 
in the Act on Covered Bonds. The endorsement must also indicate that such assets are to secure 
priority rights of a specific covered bond programme.  
If the Issuer fails to enter the assets in the Cover Pool and payments received therefrom (such 
payments being Cover Pool Revenue) in the Register, the Covered Bondholders and Swap Providers 
will not have priority claims to the Cover Pool and the Cover Pool Revenue and will rank with the 
Issuer’s unsecured creditors in the event the Issuer is subject to winding-up proceedings. 
Conflicting interests of other creditors  
The rights of the Covered Bondholders rank junior to counterparties to derivative agreements (other 
than with respect to certain termination payments, as to which see “Termination payments for Swaps”) 
included in the Cover Pool, though they have preferential right with respect to other creditors against 
the Cover Pool. Further, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, they will rank junior to costs 
incurred in connection with the operation, management, collection and realisation of the Cover Pool, 
as well as the claims due to derivative agreements (other than with respect to certain termination 
payments, as to which see “Termination payments for Swaps”) concluded in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds, which will be covered before the claims of the Covered 
Bondholders.  
To the extent that Covered Bondholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the 
assets comprising the Cover Pool, they will be able to apply for the balance of their claims as 
unsecured creditors of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the 
liquidation of the other assets of the Issuer not comprising the Cover Pool. The Covered Bondholders 
would in such case rank pari passu with the other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
and, as a result, may not receive all amounts owed by the Issuer to such Covered Bondholders.  
Article 102 of the Act on Financial Undertakings No. 161/2002 (the Act on Financial Undertakings) 
provides that, should the Issuer enter into winding-up proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of the Act 
on Financial Undertakings, such claims of Covered Bondholders would be subordinated to the claims 
of the Issuer‘s depositors. If this were to occur, there may not be sufficient assets in the resulting 
estate to pay such claims after the claims of depositors have been paid. 
Restriction on ability to petition for bankruptcy  
If distributions on realisation of the assets in the Cover Pool are insufficient to make payments on the 
Covered Bonds, none of the Covered Bondholders, any Swap Provider, any Paying Agent shall be 
entitled at any time to file against the Issuer, or join in any filing against the Issuer of any winding-up, 
bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings 
under any applicable bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations of the Issuer 
relating to the issuance of the Covered Bonds, save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer 
which is initiated by another party or taking proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the 
obligations of the Issuer in relation thereto. 
Liquidity  
If the Issuer is wound up, neither the Issuer nor its estate would be authorised to issue further Covered 
Bonds. It would therefore not be possible for a winding-up committee to raise finance in the market

--- Page 51 ---
39 
 
by the issuance of further Covered Bonds following the winding-up of the Issuer. Further, neither the 
Act on Covered Bonds nor the Rules on Covered Bonds stipulate that the winding-up committee or 
the Issuer’s estate may contract debt obligations of any kind in order to service timely payment under 
the terms of the Covered Bonds. There is no legislation in effect which states that the winding-up 
committee managing the Issuer’s estate can raise loans or enter into any such agreements in order to 
service the timely payment of interest and principal on the Covered Bonds. Article 17(1) of the Act on 
Covered Bonds states that the winding-up committee shall fulfil an issuer’s commitments under 
covered bonds and derivative agreements using the mortgage bonds and other assets in the cover pool 
and payments received on such assets, provided that the assets are listed in the register. However, 
neither the Act on Covered Bonds nor the Rules on Covered Bonds provide any guidelines as to 
whether liquidity can be raised by selling the mortgage bonds and other assets registered to the cover 
pool in the market.  
The Issuer is subject to liquidity requirements in its capacity as a commercial bank supervised by the 
FSA, including a statutory requirement to maintain sufficient liquidity to enable it to discharge its 
obligations as they fall due. The Issuer is also subject to the Central Bank’s Rules no. 1520/2022, on 
Liquidity Ratios. The FSA has issued guidelines on liquidity, which are not binding on the Issuer. 
However, any serious or systematic deviations from such guidelines may lead to the FSA determining 
that the Issuer’s business does not fulfil the statutory soundness requirement for commercial banks 
and result in the FSA imposing sanctions against the Issuer. If this were to occur, there may not be 
sufficient assets in the resulting estate to pay such claims after the claims of depositors have been 
paid. 
Under the Act on Covered Bonds, the Issuer must maintain a cover pool liquidity buffer to cover the 
maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow on the Covered Bonds and related derivative contracts 
over the next 180 days. Pursuant to the Rules on Covered Bonds, the liquidity buffer can only consist 
of (i) assets that qualify as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2015/61 
(as amended, the LCR Regulation) and are not issued by the Issuer, its parent undertaking, other than 
a public sector entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent 
undertaking or by a securitisation special purpose entity with which the Issuer has close links, or (ii) 
short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or credit step 3, 
subject to the conditions in point (c) of Article 129(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (as amended).  
The Act on Covered Bonds also specifically states that uncollateralised claims from exposures 
considered in default pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR cannot contribute to the cover pool liquidity 
buffer. Furthermore, the relevant credit institution is required to maintain liquid assets exceeding 
projected net liquidity outflows over a period of 30 days under stressed conditions under the LCR 
Regulation. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain terms which permit their modification 
without the consent of the Covered Bondholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered 
Bondholders (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, in whole 
or in part) to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions 
in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Covered Bondholders including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
In the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may 
agree, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to:

--- Page 52 ---
40 
 
(a) 
any modification to any Series of the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds of one or more Series, the Coupons, the Receipts, the Deed of Covenant, the Agency 
Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds") or any other 
document that has been entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Programme which (i) the 
Issuer in its sole discretion determines is not prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders and (ii) will not cause a downgrade in the rating of the Covered Bonds; or 
(b) 
any modification to any Series of the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds of one or more Series, the Coupons, the Receipts, the Deed of Covenant, the Agency 
Agreement or any other document that has been entered into by the Issuer in relation to the 
Programme, which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law or to 
comply with the provisions of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and/or Regulation (EU) 2019/2160, 
each as implemented into Icelandic law and/or to comply with the Act on Covered Bonds. 
In addition to paragraph (a) above, the Issuer shall be entitled to determine in its sole discretion that 
any modification required in order to accommodate the substitution of a Rating Agency with respect 
to any Series of Covered Bonds will not be prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
provided that the relevant modifications are required to accommodate an equivalent or higher rating 
of the replacement Rating Agency. In such case, the related ratings requirements specified by and/or 
relating to such Rating Agency to be substituted (including those specified in the Deed of Covenant) 
may be amended, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, to refer to the respective 
requirements of the replacement Rating Agency, without the consent of the relevant Covered 
Bondholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders, as applicable. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable after it has been agreed. 
The CSD Agent and the Issuer, may in certain circumstances, without the consent of the holders of the 
CSD Covered Bonds, make decisions binding on all holders relating to the Conditions which are not, 
in their opinion, prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the CSD Covered Bonds or are required 
to comply with the provisions of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and/or Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 as 
implemented into Icelandic law and/or to comply with the provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
Investors should note that a modification made to comply with Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and/or 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160, each as implemented into Icelandic law or the Act on Covered Bonds 
may not actually result in the Covered Bonds being in compliance with such Directive and/or 
Regulation and/or the Act on Covered Bonds. 
Further, such modifications may include (but shall not necessarily be limited to) the modifying of 
extension provisions and/or triggers under the relevant Conditions.  Covered Bondholders should 
therefore be aware, that the Conditions may be amended without their consent and that any provisions 
governing maturity extension of the Covered Bonds may be substantially different following such 
modification.  Investors should also note that the Deed of Covenant may be modified, which may 
mean substituting a Rating Agency or modifying the Relevant Reference Currency Swap regime, 
without their consent. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers in respect of such matters prior to purchasing any 
Covered Bonds. 
In the case of CSD Covered Bonds, the Fiscal Agent (insofar as the relevant modification relates to 
the Agency Agreement) and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of any of the Covered 
Bondholders, to any modification of the CSD Covered Bonds (as defined under “Terms and

--- Page 53 ---
41 
 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) or the Agency Agreement (insofar as the relevant modification to 
the Agency Agreement relates to the CSD Covered Bonds) on the same basis. 
Any such modification will be binding on all the Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
The value of the Covered Bonds could be adversely affected by a change in English law or 
administrative practice or, as the case may be, Icelandic law or administrative practice 
Except for (i) the provisions of Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds); and (ii) the provisions 
relating to registration of the CSD Covered Bonds in the CSD and Condition 15.2, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Covered Bonds.  Condition 4 shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Icelandic law. The registration of CSD Covered Bonds in the CSD and Condition 15.2 shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic (in the case of Covered Bonds registered 
with the CSD) law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to English or Icelandic law, as the case may be, or administrative practice after the date of 
issue of the relevant Covered Bonds and any such change could materially adversely impact the value 
of any Covered Bonds affected by it. 
In particular, there is limited available case law relating to the Act on Covered Bonds, be it the initial 
Act adopted by the Icelandic Parliament on 4 March 2008 or the amended and restated Act adopted by 
the Parliament on 21 February 2023.  It is uncertain how the Act on Covered Bonds will be 
interpreted.  
There are circumstances in which a court may apply Icelandic laws (or the laws of other 
jurisdictions) notwithstanding the choice of English law or Icelandic law, as the case may be, to 
govern the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds (or part thereof) 
Whilst the choice of English law or Icelandic law, as the case may be, as the governing law of parts of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds described above will generally be upheld as a valid 
choice by many courts, there will be circumstances in which the relevant choice may not be upheld or 
may, at least partially, be displaced.  There may, therefore, be circumstances in which Icelandic laws 
(for example capital or exchange control laws) or indeed the laws of another jurisdiction may be 
applied by a court notwithstanding the choice of English law to govern parts of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
In particular (a) the English courts may give effect to the “overriding mandatory provisions” of the 
law of the country where the obligations arising out of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds have to be or have been performed, “insofar as those overriding mandatory provisions render 
the performance of the contract unlawful” (Article 9(3) of Regulation (EC) No. 593/2008 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 17 June 2008, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (Rome I)); and (b) there are circumstances in which reorganisation measures adopted by 
certain states in respect of credit institutions must be given effect to in other states pursuant to 
Directive 2001/24/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 April 2001 on the 
reorganisation and winding up of credit institutions (this directive is incorporated into English law by 
the Credit Institutions (Reorganisation and Winding Up) Regulations 2004). 
As a result, there are circumstances in which a law other than English law or Icelandic law, as the case 
may be, may determine whether certain Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are enforceable 
against the Issuer.  It should be noted in this context that there may be circumstances in which 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds may 
be brought in courts other than the English courts and/or in which the English courts may refuse to 
hear proceedings brought before them.

--- Page 54 ---
42 
 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Covered Bonds and may be adversely affected if definitive Covered Bonds are subsequently required 
to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of Covered Bonds at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Covered Bond in respect of such holding (should such Covered Bonds be printed) or issued 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Covered Bonds are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Covered Bonds which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
RISKS 
RELATING 
TO 
PROGRAMME 
STRUCTURE 
AND 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTATION 
The Issuer may not have eligible assets available to allocate as Additional Assets in the Cover Pool 
when required under the Deed of Covenant and Act on Covered Bonds 
Should, pursuant to the Deed of Covenant, the Asset Coverage Test be deemed to have been breached 
on a particular Monthly Calculation Date (see "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Asset Coverage Test"), the Issuer shall be obliged to allocate sufficient additional assets 
(Additional Assets) to the Cover Pool to ensure that the Asset Coverage Test is met on the next 
following Monthly Calculation Date. 
Assets included in the Cover Pool, such as mortgage bonds, are and will generally be subject to 
amortisation of principal and payment of interest on a monthly basis. They are also subject to early 
repayment of principal at any time in whole or part by the relevant borrowers. Early repayments of 
principal on mortgages may result in the Issuer being required to include Additional Assets in the 
Cover Pool in order for the Issuer to comply with the aforementioned requirements under the Deed of 
Covenant.  The Act on Covered Bonds require a minimum overcollateralisation of 5 per cent. and the 
Issuer covenants under Condition 5.2 to overcollateralise the Cover Pool at all times by at least the 
higher of (i) 5 per cent.; (ii) such percentage as required under the Act on Covered Bonds and/or the 
Rules on Covered Bonds from time to time; and (iii) such percentage as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and any rating agency from time to time.  
The Issuer will also maintain the overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
overcollateralisation committed to under the terms and conditions of its existing Covered Bonds, this 
being at least 25 per cent. until March 2024 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a 
committed overcollateralisation of 25 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 20 per cent. from March 
2024 until May 2026 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed 
overcollateralisation of 20 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 10 per cent. from May 2026 until 
May 2030 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 
10 per cent. are redeemed in full) and thereafter the level of overcollateralisation required to be 
maintained will be as required under Condition 5.2.

--- Page 55 ---
43 
 
If the Issuer does not originate or acquire new mortgage loans to replace the assets which were 
included in the Cover Pool but which were repaid, it is possible that the Issuer will not satisfy the 
requirements with respect to the Asset Coverage Test in accordance with the Deed of Covenant and 
also the statutory requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
The inability of the Issuer to effect the addition of Additional Assets to the Cover Pool may have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to satisfy the Asset Coverage Test and/or any statutory 
requirements under the Act on Covered Bonds, and may affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments to the Covered Bondholders when due. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Deed of Covenant are only applicable in certain 
circumstances 
Investors should note that the Issuer's covenants with respect to operation of the Collateral Reserve 
Account, the Asset Coverage Test and the establishment of Issuer Accounts under the Deed of 
Covenant for the benefit of Covered Bondholders are only applicable in the circumstances set out 
under "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of Covenant". 
Security and insolvency considerations 
Pursuant to and in the circumstances set out in the Deed of Covenant (See "Overview of the 
Transaction Documents – Deed of Covenant – Establishment of Issuer Accounts"), the Issuer shall 
establish one or more Issuer Accounts and create security over each such Issuer Account for the 
benefit of the Covered Bondholders.  In certain circumstances, including the occurrence of certain 
insolvency events in respect of the Issuer, the ability to realise any such security may be delayed 
and/or the value of the security impaired. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer will not become bankrupt and/or the subject of bankruptcy 
proceedings or resolution tools and/or that the Covered Bondholders would not be adversely affected 
by the application of insolvency or bankruptcy laws or resolution tools. 
RISKS RELATING TO RELIANCE ON COUNTERPARTIES 
The Issuer relies on third party service providers 
The Issuer relies on the services, products and knowledge of third party service providers in the 
operation of its business.  Accordingly, the Issuer faces the risk that such third party service providers 
become insolvent, enter into default or fail to perform their contractual obligations in a timely manner 
or at all or fail to perform at an adequate and acceptable level. Any such failure could lead to 
interruptions in the Issuer's operations or result in vulnerability of its IT systems, exposing the Issuer 
to operational failures, additional costs or cyber-attacks. The Issuer may need to replace a third party 
service provider on short notice to resolve any potential problems, and the search for and payment to a 
new third party service provider on short notice or any other measures to remedy such potential 
problems could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, prospects, financial position 
and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, no assurance can be given that the third party service providers selected by the Issuer will 
be able to provide the products and services for which they have been contracted, for example, as a 
result of failing to have the relevant capabilities, products or services or due to changed regulatory 
requirements. Any failure of third party service providers to deliver the contracted products and 
services in a timely manner or at all or to deliver products and services in compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations and at an adequate and acceptable level could result in reputational damage, 
claims, losses and damages and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, prospects,

--- Page 56 ---
44 
 
financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer may cease to be an Eligible Institution 
If in connection with a relevant Series of Covered Bonds the Issuer ceases to be an Eligible 
Institution, it will be required to establish the Issuer Accounts within 90 calendar days (or such longer 
period as may be agreed by S&P) of such ceasing, in accordance with its obligations under the Deed 
of Covenant.  No assurance can be given that, particularly in circumstances where the Issuer has 
ceased to be an Eligible Institution, the Issuer would be able to establish the Issuer Accounts within 
such 90 calendar day period.  Nor are there any assurances that S&P would agree to a longer period 
for establishment.  Should the Issuer be unable to fulfil its obligations under the Deed of Covenant in 
this regard, the Issuer will be unable to issue Covered Bonds denominated in currencies other than 
ISK whilst such failure is continuing.  The Issuer's inability to issue further non-ISK denominated 
Covered Bonds may have a negative impact on the value of the Covered Bonds.  Further, the Issuer 
ceasing to be an Eligible Institution may itself have a detrimental impact on the then current value of 
the Covered Bonds. 
Should the Issuer however be able to establish the relevant Issuer Accounts within the 90 calendar 
period referred to above, it shall, amongst other things, be required to provide, or procure the 
provision of, servicing, administration and cash management services with respect to the Cover Pool 
Revenue and the operation of the Issuer Accounts.  The Issuer would therefore be required to procure 
third party service providers including, at least, a servicer and a cash manager.  In addition to the risks 
set out in respect of third party service providers generally (as to which, see "The Issuer relies on 
third party service providers" above), in the circumstance of the Issuer being required to procure such 
services in the context of it ceasing to be an Eligible Institution, the Issuer may face certain obstacles 
including but not limited to (i) obtaining any such third party services (ii) contracting with such 
service providers on terms favourable to the Issuer or (iii) contracting with counterparties that are 
reputable in the relevant industry.  In circumstances where the Issuer is unable to fulfil the relevant 
obligation in the Deed of Covenant in respect of the provision of the aforementioned services, the 
Issuer will be unable to issue Covered Bonds denominated in currencies other than ISK whilst such 
failure is continuing.  This may have a negative impact on the value of the Covered Bonds. 
Reliance on Swap Providers  
A brief description of certain risks relating to any potential derivative contracts (Swaps) entered into 
by the Issuer in connection with an issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds is set out below.  As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not entered into any Swaps in connection with this 
programme and any issuances thereunder. 
Reliance on Currency Swaps 
Subject to currency restrictions in place at each time, the Issuer may rely on the Currency Swap 
Providers under the Currency Swaps to provide payments on Covered Bonds denominated in 
currencies other than ISK.  If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or certain other 
events occur in relation to the Issuer under a Currency Swap and any applicable grace period has 
expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted under that Currency Swap.  If the Issuer defaults under a 
Currency Swap due to non-payment or otherwise, the relevant Currency Swap Provider will not be 
obliged to make further payments under that Currency Swap and may terminate that Currency Swap.  
If a Currency Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments, or if it exercises any right of 
termination it may have under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, or if it defaults in its 
obligations to make payments under a Currency Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in 
currency exchange rates and in the associated interest rates on the currencies.  Unless a replacement

--- Page 57 ---
45 
 
swap is entered into, the Issuer may, despite any Overcollateralisation (as defined below) of the Cover 
Pool, have insufficient funds to make payments due on the Covered Bonds. 
Relevant Reference Currency Swaps 
In circumstances where the Issuer has established a Collateral Reserve Account in connection with a 
Relevant Reference Currency Swap Agreement for the purposes of maintaining sufficient collateral to 
acquire a swap to exchange receipts from the assets comprising the Cover Pool payable in ISK and the 
currency of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Issuer may enter into a Currency Swap 
Agreement with a Currency Swap Provider to provide payments on Covered Bonds denominated in 
currencies other than ISK.  
There can be no assurance that the Issuer (or any servicer on its behalf) will have sufficient funds 
available to make a termination payment under the relevant Currency Swap, nor can there be any 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement, or if one is entered 
into, that the credit rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a 
downgrade of the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds by S&P. 
In the event that the Issuer does not enter into a Currency Swap with an eligible Currency Swap 
Provider, amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral Reserve Account from time to time 
will remain registered in the Register so as to form part of the Cover Pool and will be transferred to a 
corresponding Swap Collateral Account in accordance with the provisions of the Deed of Covenant. 
There can be no assurance that on a bankruptcy of the Issuer amounts standing to the credit of the 
Collateral Reserve Account or Swap Collateral Account (as applicable) will be available exclusively 
for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds in connection 
with which such Collateral Reserve Account or Swap Collateral Account (as applicable) was 
established. 
Reliance on Interest Rate Swaps 
Subject to currency restrictions in place at each time, in order to hedge the Issuer's interest rate risks 
in ISK and/or other currencies to the extent that these have not already been hedged by the Cover Pool 
Swap or a Currency Swap, the Issuer may enter into Interest Rate Swaps.  If the Issuer fails to make 
timely payments of amounts due or certain other events occur in relation to the Issuer under an 
Interest Rate Swap and any applicable grace period has expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted 
under that Interest Rate Swap. If the substitute assets available to the Issuer on a payment date are 
insufficient to make the payment ordinarily required in full, the payment obligations of both the Issuer 
and the swap counterparty on that payment date may be reduced accordingly and may be deferred, 
should the Issuer introduce deferral of payment mechanics into the interest rate swaps. If the Issuer 
defaults under an Interest Rate Swap due to non-payment or otherwise, the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Provider will not be obliged to make further payments under that Interest Rate Swap and may 
terminate that Interest Rate Swap.  If an Interest Rate Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments, 
or if it exercises any right of termination it may have under the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement, or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments under an Interest Rate Swap, the 
Issuer will be exposed to changes in interest rates.  Unless a replacement swap is entered into, the 
Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on the Covered Bonds. 
Reliance on Indexed Currency Swaps 
Subject to currency restrictions in place at each time, the Issuer may rely on the Indexed Currency 
Swap Providers under the Currency Swaps to provide payments on Covered Bonds denominated in 
currencies other than ISK and not indexed linked.  If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of 
amounts due or certain other events occur in relation to the Issuer under an Indexed Currency Swap

--- Page 58 ---
46 
 
and any applicable grace period has expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted under that Indexed 
Currency Swap.  If the Issuer defaults under an Indexed Currency Swap due to non-payment or 
otherwise, the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Provider will not be obliged to make further payments 
under that Indexed Currency Swap and may terminate that Indexed Currency Swap.  If an Indexed 
Currency Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments, or if it exercises any right of termination it 
may have under the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement, or if it defaults in its obligations to 
make payments under an Indexed Currency Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in currency 
exchange rates, the associated interest rates on the currencies and inflation.  Unless a replacement 
swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on the Covered 
Bonds. 
Reliance on Cover Pool Swap 
In order to hedge the possible variance between the rates of interest payable on the Covered Bonds 
and the various rates of interest payable in respect of certain assets registered to the Cover Pool, the 
Issuer may enter into a Cover Pool Swap.  If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due 
or certain other events occur in relation to the Issuer under the Cover Pool Swap and any applicable 
grace period has expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted under that Cover Pool Swap.  If the 
Issuer defaults under the Cover Pool Swap due to non-payment or otherwise, the Cover Pool Swap 
Provider will not be obliged to make further payments under the Cover Pool Swap and may terminate 
the Cover Pool Swap.  If the Cover Pool Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments, or if it 
exercises any right of termination it may have under the Cover Pool Swap Agreement, or if it defaults 
in its obligations to make payments under the Cover Pool Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes 
in interest rates.  Unless a replacement swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to 
make payments due on the Covered Bonds. 
Termination payments for Swaps 
If any of the Interest Rate Swaps, Currency Swaps or Cover Pool Swap are terminated, the Issuer may 
as a result be obliged to make a termination payment to the relevant Swap Provider.  The amount of 
the termination payment will be based on the cost of entering into a replacement Interest Rate Swap, 
Currency Swap or Cover Pool Swap, as the case may be.  Any termination payment to be made by the 
Issuer to a Swap Provider will rank pari passu with payments due to the Covered Bondholders (other 
than in circumstances where the Issuer has entered into a Currency Swap Agreement in accordance 
with the provisions of the Deed of Covenant in connection with a relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
specifying that such termination payments are subordinated to all other amounts payable in respect of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (See "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Relevant Reference Currency Swaps")). 
Potential amendments to the swap agreements 
If and when the Issuer enters into a swap agreement in the context of an issue of Covered Bonds, the 
terms of the swap agreement will be negotiated with the relevant swap provider. As a result of such 
negotiations, the terms of a swap agreement may contain terms that adversely affect the Issuer's 
results of operations, financial condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Covered Bonds (other than the CSD Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme will be represented 
on issue by one or more Global Covered Bonds that may be deposited with a common depositary or 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined under "Form of the 
Covered Bonds"). Except in the circumstances described in each Global Covered Bond, investors will 
not be entitled to receive Covered Bonds in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 59 ---
47 
 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in each Global Covered Bond held through it. While the Covered Bonds (other 
than the CSD Covered Bonds) are represented by Global Covered Bonds, investors will be able to 
trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective 
participants. 
While the Covered Bonds (other than the CSD Covered Bonds) are represented by Global Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the Covered Bonds by making payments 
through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Covered Bonds 
must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments 
under the Covered Bonds. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Covered Bond. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right to vote in 
respect of the Covered Bonds so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the 
extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate 
proxies. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COVER POOL 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their loan  
There are many circumstances that affect the level of credit loss, early repayments, withdrawals and 
final payments of interest and principal amounts, such as changes in the economic climate, both 
nationally and internationally, and changes regarding taxation, interest rate developments, level of 
unemployment, inflation and/or the political environment. Borrowers may default as a result of 
interest rate increases or as a result of adverse developments in their own personal circumstances (for 
example, in respect of residential mortgages following redundancy or divorce, insolvency of the 
borrower and/or insolvency of the tenant of the relevant property and/or failure (for any reason) by 
such tenant to make rental payments in respect of such property). In addition, the ability of a borrower 
to sell a property pledged as security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts 
outstanding under that mortgage loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability 
of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general at the time. The 
Act on Covered Bonds provides that no mortgage loan may be registered in the Cover Pool if payment 
on it is in arrears 90 days or more. 
Default in respect of the Issuer’s assets comprised in the Cover Pool could jeopardise the Issuer’s 
ability to make payments in full or on a timely basis on the Covered Bonds. Risks attaching to the 
Covered Bonds as a result of default in respect of the assets in the Cover Pool are reduced by a 
number of features of the Covered Bonds, including the ability of the Issuer to substitute assets to and 
from the Cover Pool. However, if a material amount of assets in the Cover Pool were to default, there 
is no guarantee that the required level of assets within the Cover Pool could be maintained or that the 
Issuer would be in a position to substitute non-defaulting assets for the defaulting assets. 
Non-compliance with coverage requirements  
The Act on Covered Bonds contains coverage requirements which, inter alia, require that the total 
current value of the assets registered to the cover pool as collateral for a specific covered bond 
programme must always exceed the total current value of the principal of the covered bonds of that 
same programme. The Act on Covered Bonds also requires that the instalments and other payment 
flows accruing on assets in the cover pool and from derivative agreements are in such a manner that 
all commitments towards the covered bondholders and derivative agreements can be met.

--- Page 60 ---
48 
 
A breach of the coverage requirements prior to the winding-up of the Issuer in the circumstances 
where no additional assets are available to the Issuer or the Issuer lacks the ability to acquire 
additional assets could cause the FSA to revoke the Issuer’s license to issue Covered Bonds. The same 
applies in the event that the Issuer does not comply with other requirements prescribed in the Act on 
Covered Bonds.  
If the coverage requirements are breached following the winding-up of the Issuer, the winding-up 
committee would not be permitted to add more assets to the Cover Pool. The Act on Covered Bonds 
does not provide any further guidance as to the consequences of a breach of the coverage 
requirements following the winding-up of the Issuer.  
To the extent that the Covered Bondholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of 
the assets comprising the Cover Pool, the Covered Bondholders will not be able to file against the 
Issuer or join in any filing against the Issuer of any winding-up proceedings, bankruptcy, 
reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings see above "Restrictions on ability 
to petition for bankruptcy". The explanatory memorandum for the Act on Covered Bonds provides 
that assets can be removed from the cover pool and replaced with same kind of assets without 
limitations. If assets are replaced with substitute collateral there are limitations in the Act on Covered 
Bonds as to how much can be replaced with such collateral. Neither the Act on Covered Bonds nor 
the Rules on Covered Bonds provide clear guidance in this respect. This can, however, be subject to 
contract. 
Overcollateralisation 
The Act on Covered Bonds requires the value of the assets in the Cover Pool at all times to exceed the 
value of the claims against the Cover Pool. The percentage level by which the value of the Cover Pool 
exceeds the nominal value of the liabilities, relating to the issued and outstanding Covered Bonds, 
along with all accrued interests, from time to time is known as "overcollateralisation".  Failure to 
maintain sufficient assets in the Cover Pool could result in the Issuer being unable to issue further 
Covered Bonds or refinance existing Covered Bonds or revocation of the license from the FSA to 
issue Covered Bonds. The Act on Covered Bonds requires a minimum overcollateralisation of 5 per 
cent. and the Issuer covenants under Condition 5.2 to overcollateralise the Cover Pool at all times by 
at least the higher of (i) 5 per cent.; (ii) such percentage as required under the Act on Covered Bonds 
and/or the Rules on Covered Bonds from time to time; and (iii) such percentage as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and any rating agency from time to time.   
The Issuer will also maintain the overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
overcollateralisation committed to under the terms and conditions of its existing Covered Bonds, this 
being at least 25 per cent. (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed 
overcollateralisation of 25 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 20 per cent. from March 2024 until 
May 2026 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 
20 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 10 per cent. from May 2026 until May 2030 (or, if earlier, 
the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 10 per cent. are 
redeemed in full)and, from thereon, at least 5 per cent. overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool. 
According to the Issuer´s license to issue the Covered Bonds the aggregated total amount of the Cover 
Pool shall not exceed a level of 30 per cent. above the issued Covered Bonds at any time unless 
increased demand has developed due to other provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds, such as due to 
stress test present value calculations. If overcollateralisation exceeds this limit, the Issuer shall notify 
the FSA and the Independent Inspector immediately. The Issuer will have 14 days to remedy the 
level. See the sections "Cover Pool – composition of assets" and "The Rules on Covered Bonds"  in 
the section Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered Bonds.

--- Page 61 ---
49 
 
The Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
All assets in the Cover Pool (including any derivative agreement) must comply with the Act on 
Covered Bonds and the Rules on Covered Bonds. Mortgaged real estate in respect of residential 
properties securing the Covered Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus will be located in Iceland. 
Such real estate properties may be concentrated in certain locations and any deterioration in prices in 
the residential real estate markets and any deterioration in the economic conditions in such areas may 
adversely affect the ability of the borrowers to make payments on the loans. The concentration of 
loans secured by residential properties, therefore, result in a greater risk of non-payment than if such 
concentration had not been present. 
Moreover, such factors may have an impact on the value of the properties. If the residential real estate 
markets in Iceland experience an overall decline in property values, the value of the Cover Pool could 
be significantly reduced and, may ultimately, result in losses allocable to the Covered Bonds should it 
be necessary to enforce the security granted in respect of such properties.  
In order for the Covered Bonds to be issued with the “Premium” label under the Covered Bond 
Directive, the assets in the Cover Pool must (and are expected to) comply with the CRR. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the bonds or 
other assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool, as it is expected that the constitution of 
the Cover Pool may change from time to time. However, an Independent Inspector appointed under 
the Independent Inspector Agreement and in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, and 
appurtenant regulations, shall monitor the Issuer’s compliance with the requirements of the Act on 
Covered Bonds. A regular report on the Cover Pool will be published by the Issuer on the Issuer’s 
homepage: https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations.   
There is no assurance that the characteristics of further mortgages will be the same as those mortgages 
in the Cover Pool as at Issue Date. However, each mortgage will be required to meet the requirements 
set out in the Act on Covered Bonds and appurtenant regulations. 
Economic Conditions 
As the assets which make up the Cover Pool will include loans secured by mortgages over residential 
properties, then the values of the assets and the ability of the Issuer to continue to make timely 
payments on the Covered Bonds could be adversely affected by, among other things, adverse 
developments in the Icelandic economy and/or residential and/or, the real estate markets. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus all of the properties over which the mortgages are created are 
located in Iceland. The residential properties in the Cover Pool may, however, be concentrated in 
certain locations in Iceland. The value of the Cover Pool may decline in the event of a general or 
location-specific deterioration in prices of residential properties or general deterioration or location-
specific deterioration in economic conditions. This could adversely affect the Issuer’s operating 
results, financial condition, and business prospects as well as its ability to perform its obligations 
under the Covered Bonds. 
Appraisals  
In accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, appraisals or valuation of the properties securing the 
mortgage loans may be undertaken by the Issuer, and take account of the following: (a) The selling 
price of a property on the day the transaction is made; or (b) an independent appraisal conducted by a 
licensed realtor; or (c) an acquisition offer, signed on behalf of both the seller and the buyer; or (d) the

--- Page 62 ---
50 
 
rateable value of the property, made by the Housing and Construction Authority. Appraisals based on 
the selling price of a property shall be valid for a period of 3 months from the day the transaction was 
made.  
No assurance can be given that values of the properties underlying the mortgage loans have remained 
or will remain at the levels which existed on the dates of appraisal (or, where applicable, on the dates 
of appraisal updates) of the related mortgage loans.  
The appraisal relates both to the land and to the structure; in fact, a significant portion of the appraised 
value of a property may be attributable to the value of the land rather than to the residence. Because of 
the unique locations and special features of certain properties, identifying comparable properties in 
nearby locations may be difficult. The appraised values of such properties will be based to a greater 
extent on adjustments made by the appraisers to the appraised values of reasonably similar properties 
rather than on objectively verifiable sales data. As a result, such appraisals could be more likely to 
overvalue certain properties and therefore overstate the value of the collateral underlying the Cover 
Pool. 
No due diligence 
Covered Bondholders will not have the ability to investigate the Cover Pool but will instead rely on 
the obligations of the Issuer under the Act on Covered Bonds and the investigations of the 
Independent Inspector. 
Other than any reviewed interim financial statements or audited annual financial statements the Issuer 
does not publish any separate review or audits of the Cover Pool. However, the Issuer is subject to 
surveillance by an Independent Inspector in accordance with the requirements of the Act on Covered 
Bonds and FSA. This Independent Inspector monitors that the register is maintained in a correct 
manner See the section Supervision by an Independent Inspector in the section Summary of Icelandic 
Legislation relating to Covered Bonds for a description of the Independent Inspector. 
The Issuer will not undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of the assets in 
the Cover Pool.  
Changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer  
Each of the mortgage loans originated by the Issuer will have been granted in accordance with its 
lending criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Issuer’s lending criteria will generally 
consider type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value (LTV) ratio, status of 
applicants and credit history. The Issuer retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time 
but would do so only to the extent that such a change would be acceptable to a reasonable, prudent 
mortgage lender. If the lending criteria changes in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the 
mortgage loans, that may lead to increased defaults by borrowers and may affect the Cover Pool 
Revenue or the realisable value of the Cover Pool.  
In accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds the Issuer may only include in the Cover Pool 
mortgage loans issued against mortgages secured by real property if the LTV ratio does not exceed 80 
per cent. for residential property, 60 per cent. for industrial, office or commercial property, and 70 per 
cent. for agricultural property. Moreover, as noted above, mortgage loans 90 days or more in arrears 
may not be registered in the Cover Pool.

--- Page 63 ---
51 
 
Set-off risks in relation to some types of loans may adversely affect the value of the Cover Pool or any 
part thereof  
The registration of assets in the Cover Pool will not affect rights of borrowers of certain loans 
contained in the Cover Pool. For example, such borrowers will continue to have independent set-off 
rights against the Issuer (such as, for example, set-off rights associated with such borrowers holding 
deposits with the Issuer).  
The Issuer currently intends to mitigate this risk with Overcollateralisation. However, the exercise of 
set-off rights by such borrowers may nevertheless adversely affect the realisable value of the Cover 
Pool and/or the ability of the winding up committee to meet in full the Issuer's obligation under the 
Covered Bonds.  
Liquidity Risk relating to the Cover Pool upon insolvency of the Issuer 
According to the Act on Covered Bonds, upon an insolvency event of the Issuer, the court appointed 
administrator shall fulfil the commitments of the Issuer under the Programme. However, there are no 
assurances that the Cover Pool can sustain the Covered Bonds payments post insolvency which could 
force the administrator to liquidate the Cover Pool. In such an event there could potentially be no 
market, or a limited market, for the Cover Pool assets. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Issuer if Cover Pool to be sold  
In the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the winding-up committee shall fulfil the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Covered Bonds and any Swap Agreements using the assets in the Cover Pool 
and the Cover Pool Revenue. In respect of any sale of assets in the Cover Pool to third parties, the 
Issuer may not be permitted to give representations and warranties or indemnities in respect of the 
assets in the Cover Pool. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realisable value of the Cover Pool could 
be adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties or indemnities which in turn could 
adversely affect the ability of the administrator to meet in full all the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Enforcement Risk 
When a mortgage loan is enforced, a court order may be needed to establish the borrower’s obligation 
to pay and to enable a sale by executive measures. The Issuer’s ability to make use of the collateral 
after enforcement can be limited and the collateral could decline in value when trying to sell the 
collateral in the market. 
RISKS RELATING TO COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to covered bonds generally: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered 
Bonds or have different terms to an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will 
constitute a new Series). All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each 
other. 
Obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute obligations of the Issuer which have the benefit of a statutory 
preference under the Act on Covered Bonds in respect of the relevant pool of assets maintained by the

--- Page 64 ---
52 
 
Issuer being the Cover Pool. An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a reliance on the assets of 
the Cover Pool and the creditworthiness of the Issuer. The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any 
third party. In addition, an investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes 
in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any other party to the 
Programme, their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other 
than the Issuer. The Issuer will be liable solely in its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of 
the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. There can be no assurance that the 
Cover Pool will be sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Covered Bonds programme. 
RISK RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Interest rate risks  
Interest rate risks occur when fixed interest periods or interest basis for assets and liabilities do not 
coincide. Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in 
market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. Investments in 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will involve a risk of interest rate changes.  
The Issuer may enter into Cover Pool Swaps and Interest Rate Swaps to ensure that the risks do not 
exceed the limit values approved by its Board of Directors and to ensure that coverage requirements 
are maintained in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. 
Competition 
The banking sector in Iceland is largely dominated by the Issuer, Arion Bank and Landsbankinn 
(Landsbankinn being wholly owned by the Icelandic state, and each of which is classified as a 
systemically important financial institution). In addition, with the merger of Kvika Bank hf., an 
investment bank, TM hf., one of the largest insurance companies in Iceland, and Lykill fjármögnun 
hf., an asset leasing entity, the merged company provides these three large Icelandic banks with 
increased competition. Moreover, there are other players in the industry, such as pension funds, 
commercial banks, savings banks and the Housing and Construction Authority (formerly the Housing 
Financing Fund), whose role in the market as a lender has been reduced and is now responsible for 
implementation of government housing policies and acting as an intermediary for social housing 
funding, all of which the Issuer competes with and which can impose a degree of pressure on the 
Issuer's net interest margin. Moreover, as additional channels arise for new lending and other banking 
products, particularly in the online space, the Issuer faces increasing competition from these market 
participants. 
While the Issuer believes it is positioned to compete effectively with these competitors, there can be 
no assurance that existing or increased competition will not adversely affect the Issuer. The demand 
for the Issuer’s products is also dependant on levels of customer confidence, prevailing market rates 
and other factors that have an influence on the customers’ economic situation. 
Absence of secondary market 
While the Covered Bonds have been traded, and to some extent, a secondary market has developed, 
there can be no assurance that an active and liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will 
continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Covered Bondholders with liquidity 
of investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its 
Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bond holder to realise a desired yield.

--- Page 65 ---
53 
 
3. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 (including the auditors’ report thereon) set out on pages 8 to 86 (inclusive) of 
the Consolidated Financial Statements 2021 (the 2021 Financial Statements) which can be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/islandsbanki_hf_Consolidated_Financ
ial_Statements_2021.pdf; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (including the auditors’ report thereon) set out on pages 9 to 87 (inclusive) 
the Consolidated Financial Statements 2022 (the 2022 Financial Statements) which can be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://storage.mfn.se/43a9455a-9eb9-4ee6-9c48-2c93fea71b20/isb-
consolidated-financial-statements-2022.pdf; 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 (including the auditors’ report thereon) set out on pages 10 to 86 (inclusive) 
the Consolidated Financial Statements 2023 (the 2023 Financial Statements) which can be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB_Consolidated_Financial_Stateme
nts_2023.pdf;  
(iv) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the three months ended 31 
March 2024 which are provided on pages 6 to 56 (inclusive) of the Condensed Consolidated 
Interim Financial Statements – First quarter 2024 which can be viewed online at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB_Condensed_Consolidated_Interi
m_Financial_Statements_first_quarter_2024.pdf;  
(v) 
sections 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of the Issuer’s Pillar 3 Report 2023 which can be viewed online at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/Pillar3Report2023.pdf;  
(vi) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” (pages 88 to 135 inclusive) set out 
in the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 8 April 2022 which can be viewed 
online 
at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/Islandsbanki_Covered_Bond_Base_Pr
ospectus_Final_2022.pdf; and 
(vii) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” (pages 79 to 126 inclusive) set out 
in the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 11 April 2023 which can be viewed 
online at https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/2023-Covered-Bond-Base-
Prospectus.pdf. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be 
deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 66 ---
54 
 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 67 ---
55 
 
4. 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in (i) bearer form, with or without interest coupons 
attached, (ii) registered form, without interest coupons attached or (iii) uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form and cleared through the CSD.  
Bearer Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued in the form of Bearer Covered Bonds will initially be 
represented by a temporary global covered bond (a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond) or, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global covered bond (a Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond, each a Bearer 
Global Covered Bond) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Covered Bonds are intended to be issued in a new global covered bond 
(NGCB) form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A., (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and, together with Euroclear, the ICSDs); or  
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Covered Bonds are not intended to be issued in NGCB form, be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Covered Bonds issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGCB form, the 
applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Covered Bonds are intended to 
be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global 
Covered Bonds are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGCBs 
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Covered Bonds are represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Bearer Covered 
Bonds due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond if the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond are 
not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. 
Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global 
Covered Bond is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond will be 
exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a 
Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Bearer Covered 
Bonds of the same Series with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described 
above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States 
and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Covered Bonds.  The holder of a

--- Page 68 ---
56 
 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange 
of the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Covered 
Bond or for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Covered 
Bond will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or 
surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond if the Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for 
certification. 
A Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in 
part, for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described therein. Exchange Event means (i) 
the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been closed for 
business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no 
alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents and 
the Covered Bondholders is available or, (ii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences (including, without limitation, an obligation to pay additional amounts as provided for 
or referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation)) which would not be suffered were the Covered Bonds 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond in definitive bearer form and a certificate 
to such effect signed by two Directors of the Issuer has been given to the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event 
occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (i) above, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond) may give notice to the 
Fiscal Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (ii) above, the Issuer may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange.  Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Fiscal Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Covered Bonds, Coupons, Receipts and Talons which 
have an original maturity of more than 365 days: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287 (a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to in the legend above provide that United States holders, with certain 
exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on bearer Covered Bonds, receipts or interest 
coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, 
redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds, Receipts or Coupons. 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Covered Bonds 
The Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche will initially be represented by a Global Covered 
Bond in registered form (a Registered Global Covered Bond) which will be deposited with a 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 69 ---
57 
 
Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be entitled 
or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery 
of definitive Covered Bonds in fully registered form. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not such Registered Global Covered Bonds are 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and therefore whether such 
Registered Global Covered Bonds are intended to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the 
NSS).  Any indication that the Registered Global Covered Bonds are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  Covered Bonds intended to be held under the NSS will be deposited 
with, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper.  The common safekeeper for Covered Bonds held under the NSS will either be Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Covered 
Bonds will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Bond 
Register (as defined in Condition 8.5 (Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds)) as the 
registered holder of the Registered Global Covered Bonds.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent and 
the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds in 
definitive form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the 
Bond Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 8.5 (Payments in respect of 
Registered Covered Bonds)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided 
in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not 
in part, for definitive Registered Covered Bonds without interest coupons or talons attached only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for 
a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such 
case, no successor clearing system is available or (ii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences (including, without limitation, an obligation to pay additional amounts as provided 
for or referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation)) which would not be suffered were the Covered Bonds 
represented by the Registered Global Covered Bond in definitive form and a certificate to such effect 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer has been given to the Fiscal Agent.  The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (i) above, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Registered Global Covered Bond) may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) 
above, the Issuer may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall 
occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar.

--- Page 70 ---
58 
 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be able to transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
CSD Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of CSD Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form. Legal title to the CSD Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the 
CSD. Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of CSD Covered Bonds in the CSD will 
take place in accordance with market practice at the time of the relevant transaction. Transfers of 
interests in the relevant CSD Covered Bonds will take place in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of the CSD. 
CSD Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for any physical Covered Bond or document of title 
other than statements of account made by CSD. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, the 
Fiscal Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued which is intended 
to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Covered Bonds at a point after the Issue Date of 
the further Tranche, the Covered Bonds of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and 
ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Covered Bonds of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, 
which, if applicable, shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S) applicable to the Covered Bonds of such Tranche.  
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are deposited with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and represented by a Bearer Global 
Covered Bond held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or so long as a nominee 
of a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg is the 
registered holder of a Registered Global Covered Bond or so long as any Covered Bond is a CSD 
Covered Bond, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CSD, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CSD as to the nominal amount of such Covered Bonds 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other Paying Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all purposes other than (in the case only of 
Covered Bonds not being CSD Covered Bonds) with respect to the payment of principal or interest on 
the Covered Bonds, for which purpose, in the case of Covered Bonds represented by a Bearer Global 
Covered Bond, the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Covered Bond, or in the case of Covered 
Bonds where a nominee for a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is the registered holder of a Registered Global Covered Bond, such 
nominee of the common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Covered Bonds in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Covered Bond (and the expressions 
Covered Bondholder and holder of Covered Bonds and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CSD shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 71 ---
59 
 
5. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 [Include unless the Final Terms specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (as amended, FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]2 [Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[3MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
                                                             
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market 
approach.

--- Page 72 ---
60 
 
for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any 
negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[4UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended 
(UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if 
applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the 
SFA) – to insert notice if product classification is other than “capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-n16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 5 
 [Date] 
ÍSLANDSBANKI HF. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300PZMFIQR79Q0T97 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the €4,000,000,000 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 3 May 2024 (the Base Prospectus) [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation)][the Prospectus 
                                                             
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market 
approach. 
5  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 73 ---
61 
 
Regulation]].  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein [for 
the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website [of [the Issuer] at [] [and on the website 
of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin]] and copies may be obtained 
during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer at Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, 
Iceland and from the offices of the Fiscal Agent at [Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, England]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds (the Terms and Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
[8 April 2022]/[11 April 2023] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 3 
May 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein [for the 
purposes of Article 8(2) of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus and any supplements if applicable which constitute a base prospectus [for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation]. Full information on the Issuer, and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements, if applicable. Copies of said Base Prospectus and any supplements, if applicable, are 
available for viewing on the Issuer’s webpage, https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-
relations  and at the office of the Issuer at Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Covered Bond that 
the numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[All references to the Prospectus Regulation and approval thereunder to be deleted in Final Terms 
prepared in connection with Exempt Covered Bonds. N.B. references to be retained in circumstances 
where a supplemental prospectus incorporating necessary category A and B information has been 
approved.]   
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
2. 
i 
Series Number:  
ii 
Tranche Number: 
[]  
[] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Covered Bonds 
become fungible) 
iii 
[Series 
which 
Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated 
and form a single Series 
with: 
[]/Not Applicable] 
iv 
[Date on which the Covered 
[]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 74 ---
62 
 
Bonds will be consolidated 
and form a single Series 
with the Series specified 
above: 
v 
Trade Date: 
[] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  [] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
i 
Series:  
[] 
ii 
Tranche:  
[] 
5. 
Issue Price:  
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations:  
[] 
7. 
 
 
i 
Issue Date:  
[] 
ii 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date:  
[] 
8. 
 
 
i 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
ii 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sections of this 
subparagraph) 
Subject to Condition 9.11, the Extended Maturity Date 
is [specify date or Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
[If applicable, complete relevant sections regarding 
interest, etc.] 
9. 
 
 
i 
Interest Basis to Maturity 
Date:  
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/ 
REIBOR/€STR] +/-[] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [15][16][17][18][19] below) 
ii 
Interest Basis from Maturity 
[Inflation Linked Interest]

--- Page 75 ---
63 
 
Date to Extended Maturity 
Date:  
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/ 
REIBOR/€STR] +/-[] per cent. Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [15][16][17][18][19] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Annuity] 
[Redemption at par] 
[Equal principal payments] 
[Instalment] 
 
i 
Payment Basis: 
ii 
Instalment Amounts: 
iii 
Instalment Dates: 
[] 
[] 
[] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[(see paragraph [15][16][17][18][19] below / Not 
Applicable] 
 
12. 
Call Option:  
[Issuer Call/ Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph [20] 
below)] 
13. 
Approval for issuance of the 
Covered Bonds: 
 
[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance 
of 
Covered 
Bonds 
obtained]: 
[Date/ Not Applicable] (N.B. Only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds) 
14. 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Provisions relating to Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
15. 
Inflation Linked Annuity Covered 
Bonds: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
i 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
to 
Maturity Date: 
[     ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
ii 
Rate(s) of Interest from 
Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[     ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]

--- Page 76 ---
64 
 
iii 
Number of Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[     ] 
iv 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[The [] day in the months of [] and [] in each 
year up to and including the Maturity Date]. First 
Interest Payment Date being []. 
v 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]  
vi 
Principal Repayment(s): 
An amount calculated by the Issuer on each Interest 
Payment Date by multiplying the nominal amount on 
the Issue Date with the Index Ratio and with the factor 
A, which is calculated according to the following 
formula: 
𝐴 = 
r * (1 + r)k-1
(1 + r)n-1  
Where 
A = Principal repayment factor; 
r = ; 
c = The rate of interest of the relevant bond 
f = The number of interest payments per year 
n = Number of Interest Payment Dates 
k = the number of payments that have already been 
made (k=0 on the Issue Date, k=1 on the first Interest 
Payment Date, k=n on the last Interest Payment Date, 
etc.) 
vii 
Interest Payment(s): 
Interest is calculated on each Interest Payment date as 
the nominal amount on the Issue Date multiplied with 
the Index Ratio and with the factor I, which is 
calculated according to the following formula: 
𝐼𝐾=
𝑟∗[(1+𝑟)𝑛−(1+𝑟)𝑘−1]
(1+𝑟)𝑛−1
 
Where 
Ik = Interest repayment factor for period k 
r =  
c = The rate of interest of the relevant bond 
f = The number of interest payments per year 
f
c
f
c

--- Page 77 ---
65 
 
n = Number of Interest Payment Dates 
k = the number of payments that have already been 
made (k=0 on the Issue Date, k=1 on the first Interest 
Payment Date, k=n on the last Interest Payment Date, 
etc.)  
viii 
Payment(s): 
On each Interest Payment Date the sum of the relevant 
principal repayment and the Interest Payment.  
ix 
Calculation Agent: 
[Issuer] [specify other] 
x 
Index Ratio: 
The value of the Index Ratio (IR) on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be the value of the 
Reference Index (RI) applicable to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date divided by the value of the 
Base Index (BI) as calculated by the Issuer: 
IR =
RIt
BI  
where: 
Reference Index or RIt means on each Interest 
Payment Date: 
For each day in the calendar month and number RI 
rounded to 5 decimals:  
RI = 𝐶𝑃𝑀−2 + [𝑑−1
𝐷∗(𝐶𝑃𝑀−1 −𝐶𝑃𝑀−2)] 
where: 
CPM-1 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland in 
the month preceding month M 
CPM-2 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland 2 
months prior to month M 
d = the relevant calendar date 
D = number of calendar days in the relevant calendar 
month 
Provided that if the Reference Index is lower than the 
Base Index, the Reference Index shall equal the Base 
Index. 
And 
Base Index means [to be inserted], being the value of 
the CPI on [to be inserted]. 
If at any time a new index is substituted for the CPI,

--- Page 78 ---
66 
 
as of the calendar month from and including that in 
which such substitution takes effect: 
(i) 
the Reference Index shall be deemed to refer 
to the new index; and 
(ii) 
the new Base Index shall be the product of the 
existing Base Index and the Reference Index 
immediately following such substitution, 
divided by the Reference Index immediately 
prior to such substitution. 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED EQUAL PRINCIPAL PAYMENT 
COVERED BONDS INCLUDING COVERED BONDS WITH ONE PAYMENT OF 
PRINCIPAL ON MATURITY DATE 
16. 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bonds: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i 
Rate(s) of Interest to Maturity 
Date: 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
ii 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
from 
Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
iii 
Number of Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[number of dates] 
iv 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[The [   ] day in the months of [] and [] in each year 
up to and including the Maturity Date]. First Interest 
Payment Date being []. 
v 
Number of Principal Payment 
Dates: 
[Number of Interest Payment Dates/1] 
vi 
Principal Payment Date(s): 
[On each Interest Payment Date/Maturity Date] 
vii 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
viii 
Principal Repayment(s): 
An amount calculated by the Issuer on each 
Principal Payment Date by multiplying the Principal 
Amount Outstanding on the Issue Date with the 
Index Ratio and dividing with the number of 
Principal Payment Dates. 
ix 
Interest Payment(s): 
Interest is calculated on each Interest Payment date 
as the Principal Amount Outstanding on each 
Interest Payment Date multiplied with the Rate of 
Interest and, the appropriate Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 79 ---
67 
 
x 
Payments(s): 
On each Interest Payment Date the sum of the 
relevant principal repayment and the Interest 
Payment. 
xi 
Calculation Agent: 
[Issuer] [specify other] 
xii 
Principal 
Amount 
Outstanding: 
On the relevant Interest Payment Date, the Principal 
Amount Outstanding is calculated based on the 
following formula: 
P𝐴𝑂𝑡= (𝑃𝐴𝑂𝑡−1 −𝑃𝑅𝑡−1) IR𝑡
IR𝑡−1 
where: 
PAOt means the Principal Amount Outstanding on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
PAOt-1 means the Principal Amount Outstanding on 
the preceding Interest Payment Date. 
PRt-1 means the principal repayment on the 
preceding Interest Payment Date. 
IRt means the Index Ratio on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. 
IRt-1 means the Index Ratio on the preceding Interest 
Payment Date (Issue Date for the first Interest 
Payment Date). 
xiii 
Index Ratio: 
The value of the Index Ratio (IR) on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be the value of the 
Reference Index (RI) applicable to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date divided by the value of the 
Base Index (BI) as calculated by the Issuer: 
IR =
RI𝑡
BI  
where: 
Reference Index or RIt means on each Interest 
Payment Date: 
For each day in the calendar month and number RI 
rounded to 5 decimals:  
RI = 𝐶𝑃𝑀−2 + [𝑑−1
𝐷∗(𝐶𝑃𝑀−1 −𝐶𝑃𝑀−2)] 
where: 
CPM-1 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland in 
the month preceding month M;

--- Page 80 ---
68 
 
CPM-2 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland 2 
months prior to month M; 
d = the relevant calendar date; and 
D = number of calendar days in the relevant 
calendar month, 
provided that if the Reference Index is lower than 
the Base Index, the Reference Index shall equal the 
Base Index. 
Base Index means [to be inserted], being the value 
of the CPI on [to be inserted]. 
If at any time a new index is substituted for the CPI, 
as of the calendar month from and including that in 
which such substitution takes effect: 
(i) 
the Reference Index shall be deemed to refer 
to the new index; and 
(ii) 
the new Base Index shall be the product of 
the existing Base Index and the Reference 
Index 
immediately 
following 
such 
substitution, divided by the Reference Index 
immediately prior to such substitution. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Covered 
Bond 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i 
Rate(s) of Interest to Maturity 
Date:  
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
ii 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
from 
Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date:  
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
iii 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]  
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
iv 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
v 
Determination Date(s) 
[] in each year / [Not Applicable] 
18. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 81 ---
69 
 
Provisions: 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
ii 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
iii 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s):  
[Specify/None ] 
iv 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount: 
[Issuer] [Fiscal Agent] [Calculation Agent] [Other] 
v 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference 
Rate, 
Relevant Time and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
 
Reference Rate: [] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/ 
STIBOR/REIBOR/€STR] 
  
 
Relevant Time: [] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/Oslo/ 
Stockholm/Reykjavík] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[] 
(Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or €STR. 
For NIBOR, STIBOR and REIBOR, insert second 
[Oslo/Stockholm/Reykjavík] business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period) 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page:  
[] 
 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-Out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Look-
back Period: 
[Lag/Lock-Out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
D: 
[365/360/[]/[Not Applicable]] 
vi 
Margin(s) to Maturity Date:  
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
vii 
Margin(s) from Maturity Date 
to Extended Maturity Date:  
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum

--- Page 82 ---
70 
 
viii 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
ix 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
x 
Day Count Fraction:  
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]] 
[Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 
 
30E/360 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
(See Condition [7.8(c)] for alternatives) 
19. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i 
Accrual Yield:  
[] per cent. per annum 
ii 
Reference Price:  
[] 
iii 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts and late payment: 
[Conditions 9.6(b) and 9.10 apply]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select “Applicable”) 
i 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  [] 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select “Each Interest Payment 
Date”)

--- Page 83 ---
71 
 
ii 
Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Covered Bond and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[] 
per 
Covered 
Bond 
of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] / [Condition 9.6(a) applies] 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select “Condition 9.6(a) applies”) 
iii 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[As set out in Condition 9.6 ] 
iv 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
v 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15 days /[] days] 
Maximum period: [30 days /[] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply) 
21. 
Notice period for Condition 9.12 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [15 days /[] days] 
Maximum period: [30 days /[] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond: 
[[] 
per 
Covered 
Bond 
of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination/see Appendix] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select “Not Applicable”) 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds 
which are expressed at paragraph 6 above to have a 
minimum denomination and tradeable amounts 
above such minimum denomination which are 
smaller than it the following wording should be 
added: “For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a 
holding of Covered Bonds in an integral multiple of 
[   ] in excess of [   ] as envisaged in paragraph 6 
above, such holding will be redeemed at its nominal

--- Page 84 ---
72 
 
amount.”.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
23. 
New Global Covered Bond: 
[Yes/No] 
24. 
Form of Covered Bonds:  
[CSD Covered Bonds] 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond which is exchangeable for 
definitive Covered Bonds upon an Exchange 
Event] 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for definitive Covered Bonds on and 
after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for definitive Covered Bonds upon 
an Exchange Event] 
[Registered Covered Bond: 
[Global Covered Bond registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Covered Bond that this item relates to the place 
of payment and not Interest Period end dates) 
26. 
Talons 
for 
future 
Coupons 
or 
Receipts to be attached to definitive 
Covered Bonds (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. (If yes, give details)] 
27. 
Details 
relating 
to 
partly 
paid 
Covered Bonds: amount of each 
payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to 
be made and consequences of failure 
to pay, including any right of the 
Issuer to forfeit the Covered Bonds 
and interest due on late payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details. N.B. a new form of 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond and/or 
Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond may be 
required for partly paid issues] 
28. 
Details 
relating 
to 
Instalment 
Covered Bonds: 
 
i 
Instalment Amount(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 85 ---
73 
 
ii 
Instalment Date(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
DISTRIBUTION 
29. 
 
i 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names ] 
ii 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
iii 
Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
30. 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[] 
31. 
[U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Category 1/2/3; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
32. 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
33. 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
34. 
[Relevant Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR/[]] is provided by [European 
Money Markets Institute/[]]. As at the date 
hereof, [ EURIBOR/[]] [[appears]/[does not 
appear]] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
[[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that [European Money Markets Institute]/[]] 
is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence)] OR [[] does not fall within 
the 
scope 
of 
the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable]] 
35. 
European Covered Bonds (Premium) 
[Yes][No] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of 
Covered Bonds described herein pursuant to the €4,000,000,000 European Covered Bond (Premium) 
Programme of Íslandsbanki hf.]

--- Page 86 ---
74 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[] has been 
extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 87 ---
75 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
 
i 
Listing:  
[Official List of Euronext Dublin] / [other 
(specify) (unless the Issuer has made a 
notification to the Central Bank of Ireland under 
Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, this can 
only be a listing on a market that is not a 
regulated market (for the purposes of MiFID II) 
)/ None] 
ii 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made for the Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to trading on [the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin] [other] (specify) with 
effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable/The Covered Bonds to be issued 
[have been][are expected to be] rated: 
[S & P: []] 
[Other: []] 
[Need to include here a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.)]  
[Each of [defined term for relevant rating agency 
to be inserted here] is established in the EEA and 
[is/are] registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
CRA 
Regulation).]/[Each of [defined term for relevant 
rating agency to be inserted here] [is/are] 
established in the United Kingdom and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK 
CRA Regulation).] 
[[defined term for relevant rating agency to be 
inserted here] [is/are] established in the EEA and 
certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the CRA Regulation).]

--- Page 88 ---
76 
 
[[defined term for relevant rating agency to be 
inserted here] [is/are] not established in the EEA 
but the rating it has given to the Covered Bonds 
are endorsed by [], which is established in the 
EEA and certified under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation).] 
[[defined term for relevant rating agency to be 
inserted here] [is/are] not established in the EEA 
but [is/are] certified under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation).] 
[Include alternative disclosure on Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009] 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION] 
[The [Central Bank of Ireland] [has been requested to provide/has provided (include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the 
Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues)] the [Financial Supervisory 
Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.]  
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer/Advisor], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the issue. – 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
5. 
USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
i 
Use of proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes] 
[The 
Covered 
Bonds 
constitute 
[Green]/[Social]/[Sustainability] Bonds and an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of 
the Covered Bonds will be used to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, the Eligible Assets 
(being [Green] [and/or] [Blue] [and/or] [Social] 
Project[s]), as further described in the Issuer’s 
Sustainable Financing Framework dated January 
2024 (as amended or supplemented from time to 
time) available on the Issuer’s website] [For 
[Green]/[Social]/[Sustainability] 
Bonds 
only, 
include weblink for relevant framework and any 
other relevant information] 
[Specify other] 
ii 
Estimated net proceeds: 
iii 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] 
[] 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only)

--- Page 89 ---
77 
 
Indication of yield:  
[]  
[Calculated as on the Issue Date. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
7. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Covered Bonds Only) 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/REIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/€STR] rates can be obtained from 
[Telerate]. 
8. 
PERFORMANCE OF CPI, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING (Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds Only) 
The general cash-flow of the Covered Bonds is determined in real terms on the Issue Date. The 
nominal value of each future payment depends on the development of the CPI as demonstrated by the 
formula in paragraph 15 and 16 of Part A of this Final Terms. 
Information about the CPI can be accessed free of charge on the website of Statistics of Iceland, 
https://www.statice.is/statistics/economy/prices/consumer-price-index/. 
 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
i 
ISIN Code:  
[] 
ii 
Common Code:  
[] 
iii 
CFI Code:  
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable] 
iv 
FISN Code:  
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, 
requested or available, it/they should be specified 
to be “Not Applicable”) 
v 
Any clearing system(s) other [Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 90 ---
78 
 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
or Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
vi 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
vii 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[] 
viii 
[CSD Agent 
[Íslandsbanki/Not Applicable/give name] 
(N.B. CSD Covered Bonds only) 
ix 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes, Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Covered Bonds are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Covered Bonds which are to be held 
under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean 
that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Covered Bonds are capable of 
meeting them the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper [include this text for Registered 
Covered Bonds which are to be held under the 
NSS]].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Covered Bonds will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 91 ---
79 
 
6. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated 
by reference into each Covered Bond (as defined below). The applicable Final Terms in 
relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and 
Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Covered Bonds. Reference should be made to "Form of the Covered Bonds" for a description 
of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by 
Íslandsbanki hf. (the Issuer). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this 
Series and shall mean:  
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond (a Global 
Covered Bond), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
and 
(b) 
any Global Covered Bond; and  
(c) 
any definitive Covered Bonds in bearer form (Bearer Covered Bonds) issued in 
exchange for a Global Covered Bond in bearer form; and  
(d) 
any definitive Covered Bonds in registered form (Registered Covered Bonds) 
(whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Covered Bond in registered form); 
and  
(e) 
any Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated book entry form cleared through the CSD 
(the CSD Covered Bonds). CSD Covered Bonds are in dematerialised form.  
Any references in these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) to Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons shall not apply to Registered Covered Bonds and CSD Covered Bonds and no global 
or definitive Covered Bonds will be issued in respect of CSD Covered Bonds.  
In the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 3 May 2024 and made between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch in its capacity as fiscal agent, paying agent and transfer agent (the Fiscal Agent, 
Paying Agent and Transfer Agent respectively which expressions shall include any 
successor fiscal agent, paying agent and transfer agent (as applicable), each as appointed in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement) and Citibank Europe plc in its capacity as registrar 
(the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar appointed in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement). In relation to the CSD Covered Bonds, Íslandsbanki 
hf. will act as the CSD system account manager (the CSD Agent, which expression shall 
include any additional agent appointed by the Issuer from time to time in relation to the CSD 
Covered Bonds). The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent, the Registrar and 
the CSD Agent are together referred to as the Agents.

--- Page 92 ---
80 
 
The final terms for this Covered Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof), as set out in Part A 
of the Final Terms which are (except in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) attached to or 
endorsed on this Covered Bond and complete (or in the case of an Exempt Covered Bond, 
modify and complete) the Conditions for the purposes of this Covered Bond. The Final Terms 
(or such relevant provisions thereof) must be read in conjunction with these Terms and 
Conditions may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or 
to the extent inconsistent with the Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the Terms and 
Conditions for the purposes of this Covered Bond. References to the applicable Final Terms 
are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which are (except in the 
case of CSD Covered Bonds) attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond and (in the case 
of the CSD Covered Bonds) which are deposited with the CSD and the CSD Agent. The 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
Any reference to Covered Bondholders or holders in relation to any Covered Bonds shall 
mean (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) the holders of the Covered Bonds, (in the case of 
Registered Covered Bonds) the persons in whose name the Covered Bonds are registered and 
shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond or in relation 
to any CSD Covered Bonds, be construed as provided below.  Any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.  Any reference herein to the 
Receiptholders shall mean the holders Receipts. 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including 
as to listing and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together 
with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (i) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement 
Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Covered Bondholders (except in the case of CSD Covered Bonds), the Receiptholders 
and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (subject to the 
terms of such Deed of Covenant) dated 3 May 2024 (such Deed of Covenant as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) made by the 
Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined below).  
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agents. 
Copies of the Final Terms will, in the case of Covered Bonds admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin, be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  If the Covered Bonds are to be admitted to 
trading on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA), the 
applicable Final Terms will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the 
relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.   
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are also available for viewing at the office of the Issuer 
at 
Hagasmári 
3, 
201 
Kópavogur, 
Iceland 
and 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website: 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations. Copies may be obtained from 
the Issuer. In the case of Covered Bonds that are not admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA in circumstances requiring publication of a prospectus in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, copies of the Final Terms will only be available on request to the 
Issuer for inspection by a Covered Bondholder in respect of such Covered Bonds.

--- Page 93 ---
81 
 
The Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant 
and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
will prevail. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(a) 
Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholder shall be deemed to include references to 
Coupons and Couponholders, respectively, where relevant; 
(b) 
If Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Covered 
Bonds at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include 
references to Talons; 
(c) 
If Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Covered Bonds at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(d) 
Any reference to principal shall be deemed to include Final Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and any other amount 
in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(e) 
Any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(f) 
If an expression is stated in Condition 1 (Definitions and Abbreviations) to have the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no 
such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such 
expression is not applicable to Covered Bonds; 
(g) 
CSD Covered Bonds are in dematerialised form, and any references in these Terms 
and Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to CSD Covered Bonds and no 
global or definitive Covered Bonds will be issued in respect thereof; and 
(h) 
If the Covered Bonds are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable. 
Definitions 
Accrual Period 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(c)(i). 
Accrual Yield 
In relation to a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning 
given in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 94 ---
82 
 
Act on Covered Bonds  
Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, No. 11/2008, as amended. 
Additional Business Centre 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Additional Financial Centre 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Amortised Face Amount 
The meaning given in Condition 9.6(b). 
Annuity Amount 
The meaning given in Condition 8.1(a). 
Bankruptcy Act 
The Icelandic Act on Bankruptcy etc., No. 21/1991, as 
amended (Icelandic: lög um gjaldþrotaskipti o.fl. nr. 21/1991). 
Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus dated 3 May 2024 (as supplemented) or 
such base prospectus as is referenced in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
BRRD 
EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive No. 59/2014 (as 
amended). 
Business Day 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(a). 
Business Day Convention 
In respect of a Tranche of Covered Bonds, the business day 
convention specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
determined in accordance with Condition 7.8(b). 
Calculation Agent 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, 
Luxembourg, or its successors. 
CPI 
 
The consumer price indexation, as calculated by Statistics 
Iceland in accordance with the Act on Price Indexation No. 
12/1995 (Icelandic: Lög um vísitölu neysluverðs nr. 12/1995) 
and published monthly in the Legal Gazette (Icelandic: 
Lögbirtingablaðið) in Iceland. 
Cover Pool 
The pool of eligible assets recorded in the Register maintained 
by the Issuer in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. 
Cover Pool Member States 
A state which is a party to the Agreement on the European 
Economic Area or the European Free Trade Association 
Treaty, or the Faroe Islands. 
CRA Regulation 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on Credit Rating Agencies 
(as amended). 
CRR 
EU regulation No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms (amending Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012). 
CSD 
Either Nasdaq CSD Iceland, with its registered office at 
Laugavegur 
182, 
105 
Reykjavík, 
Iceland, 
or

--- Page 95 ---
83 
 
Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands CSD, with its registered office at 
Fiskislóð 31 A, 101 Reykjavík, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Dealer 
Any dealer appointed by the Issuer (if any). 
Determination Date 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination Period 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(d). 
Directors 
The directors for the time being of the Issuer as defined in the 
Icelandic Act No. 2/1995, on Limited Liability Companies 
(Icelandic: lög um hlutafélög nr. 2/1995). 
Early Redemption Amount 
The amount calculated in accordance with Condition 9.6. 
EEA 
European Economic Area. 
Equal Payment Amount 
The meaning given in Condition 8.1(b). 
EU 
The European Union. 
EURIBOR 
Eurozone inter-bank offered rate. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1, Boulevard du Roi Albert II  
B - 1210 Brussels, or its successor. 
Extended Maturity Date 
Means the date falling no later than thirty-six months from the 
Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds. 
Exempt Covered Bonds 
Means (i) unlisted Covered Bonds, (ii) Covered Bonds 
admitted to a market in the EEA other than a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II and/or (iii) Covered Bonds listed 
on other stock exchanges or markets outside the EEA, in each 
case, in respect of which no prospectus is required to be 
published pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the Prospectus Regulation) 
Final Redemption Amount 
The amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Terms 
Each Tranche will be the subject to the Final Terms which, for 
the purposes of that Tranche only, completes the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the Base Prospectus and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.  
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds that pay a fixed rate of interest on such date or 
dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and on redemption calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate 
The meaning given in the ISDA Definitions. 
Floating Rate Convention 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(b)(i).

--- Page 96 ---
84 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions;  
(b) 
or on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service; 
or  
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, or 
(d) 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Following Business Day Convention 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(b)(ii). 
FSA 
The Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of 
Iceland. 
Group 
The Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Inflation Linked Covered Bonds 
Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds or Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds. 
Inflation Linked Annuity Covered 
Bonds  
Covered Bonds that pay an Annuity Amount on such date or 
dates as decided by the Issuer and set out in the Final Terms. 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bonds  
Covered Bonds that pay an Equal Payment Amount on such 
date or dates as decided by the Issuer and set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Instalment Amounts 
In respect of Instalment Covered Bonds, each amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds which will be redeemed in Instalment 
Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Dates 
In respect of Instalment Covered Bonds, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period, as calculated in accordance with 
Condition 7.4(d) or the amount of interest payable on Inflation 
Linked Annuity Covered Bonds or Inflation Linked Equal 
Principal Payment Covered Bonds in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period, as calculated in 
accordance with Conditions 7.1 and 7.2 respectively. 
Interest Commencement Date 
In the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the date

--- Page 97 ---
85 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) 
which the relevant Covered Bonds will accrue interest 
Interest Determination Date 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds to which Screen 
Rate Determination is applicable, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date 
In respect of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Inflation Linked 
Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bonds, the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms and in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
the meaning given in Condition 7.4(a). 
Interest Period 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(e). 
ISDA 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISK or Icelandic Krona or krónur 
The lawful currency of the Republic of Iceland. 
Issue Date 
Each date on which the Issuer issues a Tranche of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
The price, generally expressed as a percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Covered Bonds, at which a Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will be issued. 
Issuer 
Íslandsbanki hf., ID.No. 491008-0160 and LEI code 
549300PZMFIQR79Q0T97, having its registered office at 
Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland. 
Issuer Call 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provision by which the Issuer may redeem a Series of Covered 
Bonds in accordance with Condition 9.3. 
Margin 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any). 
Maturity Date 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
In respect of a Floating Rate Covered Bond, the percentage 
rate per annum (if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
The amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Member State 
A state which is a member of the European Economic Area. 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the percentage 
rate per annum (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
The amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(b)(iii).

--- Page 98 ---
86 
 
MiFID II 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EC, 
published in the Icelandic EEA Government Gazette (ice. 
Stjórnartíðindi). 
NIBOR 
The Norwegian inter-bank offered rate. 
Optional Redemption Amount 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms 
Optional Redemption Date 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms 
Overcollateralisation 
The certain percentage level by which the Value of the Cover 
Pool will exceed the nominal value of the liabilities, relating 
to the issued Covered Bonds, along with all accrued interests.  
Payment Day 
The meaning given in Condition 8.7. 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(b)(iv). 
Principal Amount Outstanding 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(f). 
Programme 
€4,000,000,000 
European 
Covered 
Bond 
(Premium) 
Programme established by the Issuer. Any increases of the 
Programme shall be subject to the FSA confirmation. 
Rate of Interest 
In respect of a Series of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the 
rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of such 
Covered Bonds determined in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. 
Rating Agency 
Means any rating agency engaged by the Issuer to assign a 
rating to a Series of Covered Bonds including any successor to 
any such rating agency’s rating business, and Rating Agencies 
shall be construed accordingly; 
Redeemed Covered Bonds 
The meaning given in Condition 9.3. 
Reference Price 
In respect of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning 
given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Rate 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds to which Screen 
Rate Determination applies, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Subsidiary 
Means any Subsidiary other than (i) a Subsidiary acquired, 
formed or operated in relation to the merger and acquisitions 
services provided to a customer of the Issuer for the purpose 
of completing a transaction or restructuring a company or (ii) 
any Subsidiary acquired or formed as a result of the Issuer's 
foreclosure activities in relation to its general banking 
business. 
Registrar 
Any registrar appointed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement.

--- Page 99 ---
87 
 
Register 
Has the meaning given to it in the Act on Covered Bonds. 
Regulation S 
Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
REIBOR 
Reykjavík inter-bank offered rate. 
Relevant Screen Page 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds to which Screen 
Rate Determination applies, the screen page specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other page, section or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate. 
Screen Rate Determination 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds is to be determined in accordance with 
Condition 7.4(b). 
Security Interest 
The meaning given in Condition 5.1. 
Selection Date 
The meaning given in Condition 9.3. 
Series 
A Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further 
Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (a) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions 
including the rules on foreign exchange issued by the Central 
Bank of Iceland (the Central Bank), any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer including but not 
limited to U.S. Dollars, Euro, Sterling, Japanese Yen, Danish 
Krone, Norwegian Krone, Swedish Krona, and Icelandic 
Krona and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination 
In respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the denomination or 
denominations of such Covered Bonds as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Interest Payment Date 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the meaning (if 
any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
STIBOR 
The Stockholm inter-bank offered rate. 
Subsidiary 
Means an entity from time to time of which the Issuer (a) has 
direct or indirect control or (b) owns directly or indirectly 
more than 50 per cent of the share capital or similar 
ownership; "control" for this purpose means the power to 
direct the management and the policies of the entity, whether

--- Page 100 ---
88 
 
through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or 
otherwise. 
sub-unit 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(g). 
T2 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(a). 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered 
Bond 
The temporary global covered bond in bearer form which will 
initially represent the Bearer Covered Bonds of each Tranche. 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
or 
Conditions 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
US Securities Act 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Value 
The nominal par value of the Cover Pool along with all 
accrued interest (but excluding the nominal par value of each 
mortgage within the Cover Pool which is in arrears for 90 
days or longer at the relevant time). 
Yen or JPY 
The lawful currency for the time being of Japan 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds which will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and which will not bear interest 
€, Euro or euro 
The currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic monetary union pursuant to the Treaty 
€STR 
Euro Short-Term Rate 
£ or Sterling 
The lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom 
of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
$, U.S.$ or U.S. Dollars or US 
Dollars 
The lawful currency for the time being of the United States of 
America 
2. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
2.1 
Form and denomination 
The Covered Bonds are either (i) in bearer form, (ii) in registered form as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (iii) in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, uncertificated book entry 
form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Covered Bonds, 
serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). The 
Covered Bonds are in Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Covered Bonds 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another 
Specified Denomination.  CSD Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Covered 
Bonds or Registered Covered Bonds and vice versa. 
The Covered Bonds may be an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond, an Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond, a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate 
Covered Bond, a Zero Coupon Covered Bond or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
89 
 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Covered Bonds have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on 
issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds 
repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of 
principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. 
2.2 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons will pass 
by delivery, title to the Registered Covered Bonds will pass upon registration of transfers in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and title to CSD Covered Bonds 
will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at the 
CSD in accordance with the rules and procedures of the CSD. The Issuer and any Agent will 
(except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Covered Bond, 
Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Covered Bond or CSD 
Covered Bond as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any Global Covered Bond, without prejudice to the provisions set 
out in the next succeeding paragraph, and the expressions Covered Bondholders or holders 
of Covered Bonds and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a Global Covered Bond held on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or so long as any of the Covered Bonds 
is an CSD Covered Bond each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
CSD) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the CSD, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CSD, as the case may be, as to the nominal amount of such 
Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the relevant 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all purposes other 
than (in the case only of Covered Bonds not being CSD Covered Bonds) with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds, for which 
purpose, in the case of Covered Bonds represented by a bearer Global Covered Bond, the 
bearer of the relevant Global Covered Bond, or, in the case of Covered Bonds represented by 
Registered Global Covered Bonds, the registered holder shall be treated by the Issuer and any 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Covered Bond and the expressions Covered 
Bondholder and holder of Covered Bonds and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information from the register maintained by the 
CSD for the purpose of performing its obligations under the issue of CSD Covered Bonds. 
The CSD Agent shall be entitled to obtain such information as is required to perform its 
duties under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and rules and regulations of, 
and applicable to, the CSD. 
References to the CSD, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by 
the Issuer.

--- Page 102 ---
90 
 
3. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS 
3.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be effected by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants 
and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of 
transferors and transferees of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global 
Covered Bonds will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
restrictions, be transferable for Covered Bonds in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in 
another Registered Global Covered Bonds only in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the 
time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
3.2 
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Conditions 3.3 and 3.5 below, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Covered Bond in definitive form 
may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the 
applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) 
surrender the Registered Covered Bond for registration of the transfer of the Registered 
Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) at the specified office of 
any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders 
thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the 
relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents 
of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to 
such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe 
(the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as 
provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three Business Days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of 
the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be 
required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and 
deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or 
(at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may 
request, a new Registered Covered Bond in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal 
amount to the Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) 
transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Covered Bond in definitive 
form, a new Registered Covered Bond in definitive form in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Covered Bond not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk 
of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
3.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Covered Bond under Condition 9, the Issuer shall not 
be required to register the transfer of any Registered Covered Bond, or part of a Registered 
Covered Bond, called for partial redemption. 
3.4 
Costs of registration 
Covered Bondholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other 
than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum

--- Page 103 ---
91 
 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in 
relation to the registration. 
3.5 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Covered Bonds generally 
Holders of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form may exchange such Covered Bonds 
for interests in a Registered Global Covered Bonds of the same type at any time.  
4. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS  
The Covered Bonds and any related Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with 
all other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that have been provided 
equivalent priority of claim to Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the terms of the Act 
on Covered Bonds . 
On the winding up or voluntary or involuntary liquidation of the Issuer, the Covered 
Bondholders will, by virtue of the Act on Covered Bonds, have certain rights of priority over, 
and be senior to the other creditors of the Issuer in respect of, the Cover Pool and payments 
received with respect to the Cover Pool, but junior to claims in respect of derivative 
agreements concluded or issued in accordance with the terms of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
5. 
ISSUER COVENANTS 
5.1 
Negative Pledge 
In accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, cf. Article 12(4), the Issuer undertakes, so 
long as any of the Covered Bonds, (if applicable) Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding, 
that it will not, and that it will procure that none of its Relevant Subsidiaries will, create or 
have outstanding any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest (each a 
Security Interest) over the mortgages or other assets in the Cover Pool, other than any lien 
arising by operation of law (if any).  
5.2 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the value of the Cover Pool will not at any 
time be less than the total aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Covered Bonds plus 
an Overcollateralisation of at least the higher of (i) 5 per cent.; (ii) such percentage as 
required under the Act on Covered Bonds and/or the Rules on Covered Bonds from time to 
time; and (iii) such percentage as may be agreed between the Issuer and any rating agency 
from time to time. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Issuer will maintain an 
Overcollateralisation of (a) at least 25 per cent. until March 2024 (or, if earlier, the date on 
which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 25 per cent. are 
redeemed in full), (b) at least 20 per cent. from March 2024 until May 2026 (or, if earlier, the 
date on which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 20 per cent. are 
redeemed in full) and (c)  at least 10 per cent. from May 2026 until May 2030 (or, if earlier, 
the date on which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 10 per cent. 
are redeemed in full).

--- Page 104 ---
92 
 
5.3 
Composition of the Cover Pool 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding the Issuer shall ensure that the Cover 
Pool maintained or to be maintained by the Issuer shall at all times comply with the 
requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding the Issuer covenants that no 
Mortgages in commercial real estate will be contained in the Cover Pool. 
5.4 
Interest Cover 
The amounts of interest received by the Issuer in respect of the Cover Pool and under the 
related derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer shall be at least equal to or exceed the 
amounts payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and the related derivative contracts 
entered into by the Issuer. 
6. 
[NOT USED] 
7. 
INTEREST 
7.1 
Interest on Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
Each Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond bears interest on its nominal amount 
outstanding from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest shall be calculated as defined under Interest 
Payment(s) in the applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
amount in the Specified Currency. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest 
shall be calculated by using the same methodology as described for Interest Payment(s) in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Interest on Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds 
Each Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount 
Outstanding from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest shall be calculated as defined under Interest 
Payment(s) in the applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
amount in the Specified Currency. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest 
shall be calculated by using the same methodology as described for Interest Payment(s) in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7.3 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of 
Interest.  
Interest shall be calculated as defined under Interest Payment(s) in the applicable Final Terms 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest amount in the Specified Currency. Interest will

--- Page 105 ---
93 
 
be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. 
The Issuer will calculate the amount of interest (each an Interest Amount) payable on the 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
7.4 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear 
on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months, or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms, after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in 
these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date). 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds where the Reference 
Rate is other than €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or

--- Page 106 ---
94 
 
(ii) 
if there is more than one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page, the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuer (or, in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, the 
CSD Agent). If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Issuer or the CSD Agent (as applicable) for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (i), no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (ii), fewer than three offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, (in the 
case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD 
Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent, shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide (in the 
case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD 
Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide (in the case of 
Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Covered 
Bonds) the CSD Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) 
the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides (in 
the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD 
Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum 
which (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the 
case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) (in the case of Covered Bonds other than 
CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or 
the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or 
(in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of

--- Page 107 ---
95 
 
the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD 
Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference 
Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Where: 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Eurozone 
office of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market; and, in the case of a 
determination of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer.  
Reference Rate shall mean (i) the Eurozone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), (ii) the 
Reykjavík interbank offered rate (REIBOR), (iii) the Norwegian interbank offered rate 
(NIBOR), (iv) the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR) or (v) in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds, such other interbank offered rate or reference rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in each case for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject as provided in Condition 7.5.  
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean (i) Brussels, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, (ii) Reykjavík, in the case of a determination of REIBOR, (iii) Oslo, in the case of 
a determination of NIBOR, (iv) Stockholm in the case of a determination of STIBOR, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (iv) in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, such 
other principal financial centre as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page shall mean the screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate.  
Relevant Time shall mean the time specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds where the Reference 
Rate is €STR 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is €STR: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will (subject to this 
Condition 7.4(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
where the Reference Rate is €STR) and Condition 7.4(c) (Minimum Rate of Interest 
and/or Maximum Rate of Interest) and subject as provided below) be Compounded 
Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all

--- Page 108 ---
96 
 
as determined by the Fiscal Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will (subject to this 
Condition 7.4(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
where the Reference Rate is €STR) and Condition 7.4(c) (Minimum Rate of Interest 
and/or Maximum Rate of Interest) and subject as provided below) be the Weighted 
Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin all as determined by the Fiscal Agent  on the Interest Determination Date and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is €STR then, subject to Condition 7.5 and unless the Issuer determines that both 
an €STR Index Cessation Event and €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred (as 
to which, see below), if, in respect of any Business Day the Fiscal Agent determines that the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be a 
rate equal to €STR in respect of the first preceding Business Day on which the €STR was 
published on the ECB’s Website (and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
If the Issuer determines that further to foregoing both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads 
or adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by (i) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
(ii) the European Securities and Markets Authority, in each case for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central 
Bank or another administrator) and as provided by the administrator of that rate or, if that rate 
is not provided by the administrator thereof (or a successor administrator), published by an 
authorised distributor (the ECB Recommended Rate), provided that, if no such rate has been 
recommended before the end of the first Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, then the rate for each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period occurring 
on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility 
that banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on the 
European Central Bank’s Website (the EDFR) on such Business Day plus the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR over an observation period of 
30 Business Days starting 30 Business Days prior to the day on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs and ending on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the EDFR Spread); provided further that, if 
both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate for each Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on 
such Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR over an observation period of 30 Business Days starting 
30 Business Days prior to the day on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation

--- Page 109 ---
97 
 
Event occurs and ending on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which the 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Fiscal Agent, subject to Condition 7.5), the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, determined as if references to 
€STR for each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period occurring on or after the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB Recommended 
Rate or, if the EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended 
Rate, the latest published EDFR plus the EDFR Spread (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If a €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the Issuer will promptly notify the Fiscal Agent of 
such occurrence. 
If the Covered Bonds become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the Covered Bonds became 
due and payable with corresponding adjustments being deemed to be made to the 
Compounded Daily €STR formula) and the Rate of Interest on the Covered Bonds shall, for 
so long as any such Covered Bonds remain outstanding, be the Rate of Interest determined on 
such date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.4(b)(ii): 
Applicable Period means: 
(a) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Interest Period; and 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Observation Period; 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate 
of the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Fiscal Agent as at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
D is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
1

--- Page 110 ---
98 
 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, (i) where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Applicable Period and (ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, (i) where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, the number of Business Days in the 
relevant Applicable Period and (ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Observation Method, for any Observation Period, the number of Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
€STR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank (the ECB's Website) in each case, on or 
before 9.00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the euro Business Day immediately following 
such Business Day; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of €STR announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that 
the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide €STR;  
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of €STR and an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR would ordinarily have been provided and is no 
longer provided; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB

--- Page 111 ---
99 
 
Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate would ordinarily have been provided and is no longer provided; 
i means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day (i) where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Observation Method, in such Applicable Period and (ii) where "Observation Shift" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
Lock-Out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
ni, for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but 
excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period; 
p means, for any Interest Period: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five Business Days); 
(b) 
where "Lock-Out" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, zero; 
r means: 
(a) 
where in the relevant Final Terms either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such 
Business Day; 
(b) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation 
Method: 
(i) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; and 
(ii) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-Out Period), the €STR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination 
Date);

--- Page 112 ---
100 
 
Reference Day means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any 
Business Day in the Lock-Out Period; 
ri-pBD means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for (i)  
where, in the relevant Final Terms, "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, any 
Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" 
Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) where "Lock-Out" or 
"Observation Shift" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, the 
relevant Business Day "i"; 
Weighted Average Reference Rate means: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the 
relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate 
by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar 
day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect 
for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(b) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference 
Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of 
such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period, provided however that, for any calendar day of such Interest Period 
falling in the Lock-Out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that 
Lock-Out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference 
Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-Out Period. For these purposes 
the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, 
subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, REIBOR, NIBOR, 
STIBOR or €STR the Rate of Interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specifies a Minimum Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.4(b) above is less 
than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, which may not be less than zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specifies a Maximum Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.4(b) above is 
greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts

--- Page 113 ---
101 
 
The Fiscal Agent (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, Inflation 
Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered 
Bonds) will at, or as soon as practicable after, each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period (and the Rate of 
Interest in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds will be determined by the Issuer). 
The Fiscal Agent (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, Inflation 
Linked Annuity Covered Bond and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered 
Bonds), or the Issuer (in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, Inflation Linked Annuity Covered 
Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds) will calculate the 
amount of interest (each an Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds, 
in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
(e) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 7.4, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error as aforesaid) 
be binding on the Issuer and all Covered Bondholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
7.5 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds and Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined, then the provisions of this Condition 7.5 shall apply. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 7.4, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds for such next 
Interest Period and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7.5 during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 7.5:

--- Page 114 ---
102 
 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall be the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 7.5); 
(B) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(x) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to 
the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7.5); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will 
apply without an Adjustment Spread for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 7.5); and 
(C) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may in its discretion 
specify: 
(x) 
other changes to these Conditions which it determines are 
reasonably necessary in order to follow market practice in relation 
to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but 
not limited to, (1) the Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, 
Business 
Day 
Convention, 
Day 
Count 
Fraction, 
Interest 
Determination Date, Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time (as applicable) applicable to 
the Covered Bonds and (2) the method for determining the fallback 
to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Covered Bonds if such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines are reasonably necessary to ensure 
the proper operation and comparability to the Original Reference 
Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable),  
which changes shall apply to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7.5); and 
(D) 
promptly following the determination of (x) any Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (y) if applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes

--- Page 115 ---
103 
 
(and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 7.5(ii)(C) to the Fiscal 
Agent (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, 
Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal 
Principal Payment Covered Bonds) and, in all cases, to each stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the Covered Bonds are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).   
No consent of the Covered Bondholders shall be required in connection with effecting the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) described in 
this Condition 7.5 or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 7.5(ii), including for 
the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties 
to the Agency Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is 
not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 7.5 prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 7.4(b). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Covered 
Bondholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given 
to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 7.5. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has 
been made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such 
Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if neither (i) nor (ii) above applies, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines to be appropriate; 
Alternative Reference Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of

--- Page 116 ---
104 
 
determining rates of interest (or the component part thereof) in respect of debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration, in the case of Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds, to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as it determines in its discretion 
is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or be published; or  
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally or in respect of the Covered Bonds; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Covered Bonds other than 
CSD Covered Bonds, Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds) or the Issuer (in the case of CSD Covered 
Bonds, Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bonds) or any Calculation Agent (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Covered Bondholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended from time to time), 
if applicable); 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of paragraphs (ii) 
and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of (iv) 
above, on the date of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of 
paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no 
longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its 
relevant underlying market and which is specified in the public statement, and, in each case, 
not the date of the relevant public statement. 
IA Determination Cut-off Date means the date that is no later than five Business Days prior 
to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following Interest Period; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;

--- Page 117 ---
105 
 
Original Reference Rate means:  
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
of the Covered Bonds; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to 
the operation of this Condition 7.5; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference 
Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate, which successor 
or replacement is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
7.6 
Accrual of interest 
(a) 
Each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that 
part only of such Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date of its 
redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. In the event 
of non-payment of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, interest will accrue as provided in 
Condition 9.10. 
(b) 
The Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which 
the Covered Bonds are redeemed or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to this Condition 7. 
In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate determined in 
accordance with Condition 7.7(b) on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date;  
(c) 
The rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 7.6(b) will be as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Calculation Agent so 
specified, three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest 
Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(d) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, for the purposes of this 
Condition 7.6 the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable

--- Page 118 ---
106 
 
by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such 
amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
7.7 
Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date.  
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a 
Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 9.11: 
(a) 
the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on 
which the Covered Bonds are redeemed or the Extended Maturity Date. In that event, 
interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 7.7(b) on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds on 
each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise 
provided in the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no 
later than the Extended Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 7.7(a) will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the 
Issuer so specified, three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first 
such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, for the 
purposes of this Condition 7.7 the principal amount outstanding shall be the total 
amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made 
by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
7.8 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction and other adjustments 
(a) 
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre (other than T2) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system (the T2) is open; 
and 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
T2 is open. 
(b) 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 119 ---
107 
 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
7.4(a)(ii), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (1) in the case 
of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (2) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (I) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, and (II) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as 
defined in Condition 7.8(d)) during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year assuming that interest was to be payable in respect 
of the whole of that year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of (I) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and (II) the 
number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the

--- Page 120 ---
108 
 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless, in the 
case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds only, (i) the last day of the Interest Period is the 
31st day of a month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th 
or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not 
be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Interest 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of 
the first day or last day of the Interest Period unless, in the case of the final Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month);  
(viii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 121 ---
109 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; or 
(ix) 
such other Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling 
after, such date). 
(e) 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date  to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date provided, in each case, that the first 
Interest Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and the final 
Interest Period shall end on but exclude the Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, if 
applicable). 
(f) 
Principal Amount Outstanding means, in respect of a Covered Bond, except an Inflation 
Linked Annuity Covered Bond and an Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered 
Bond, on any day the principal amount of that Covered Bond on the Issue Date less principal 
amounts (if any) received by the holder of such Covered Bond in respect thereof on or prior to 
that day. In respect of an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond and an Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond, Principal Amount Outstanding shall have the 
meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
(g) 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, euro 0.01. 
8. 
PAYMENTS 
8.1 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Covered Bonds 
(a) 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
In case of an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond, the Issuer shall, on each relevant 
Interest Payment Date, make a combined payment of principal, and interest due (together, the 
Annuity Amount) as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the formula specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds 
In case of an Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond, the Issuer shall, on 
each relevant Interest Payment Date, make a combined payment of principal, and interest due 
(together, the Equal Payment Amount) as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the 
formula specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 122 ---
110 
 
8.2 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents 
are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, 
any 
official 
interpretations 
thereof, 
or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto (FATCA). 
8.3 
Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons 
(a) 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 8.2 (Method of payment) above only 
against presentation and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, 
endorsement) of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, and payment of interest in respect of 
definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other 
areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than Inflation Linked Covered 
Bonds) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from 
the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10 (Taxation) in respect 
of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 11 (Prescription)). Upon any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form 
becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect 
thereof. 
(c) 
Coupons for Floating Rate, Inflation Linked Covered Bonds: Upon the date on which any 
Floating Rate Covered Bond or Inflation Linked Covered Bond in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 123 ---
111 
 
(d) 
Payments other than in respect of Matured Coupons: If the due date for redemption of any 
definitive Bearer Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in 
respect of such definitive Bearer Covered Bond from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Covered Bond. 
(e) 
CSD Covered Bonds: Payments of principal and interest in respect of CSD Covered Bonds 
will be made to the Covered Bondholders shown in the relevant records of the CSD in 
accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing the 
CSD. 
8.4 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds represented by any 
Global Covered Bond in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Covered Bonds or otherwise in the manner 
specified in the relevant Global Covered Bond, where applicable, against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Covered Bond at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such 
Global Covered Bond by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
8.5 
Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Covered Bond at the specified office of the Registrar or any 
of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as 
defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Covered 
Bond appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Covered Bonds maintained by the 
Registrar (the Covered Bond Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open 
for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of 
business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant 
due date. For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a 
payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Covered Bond 
Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other 
than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) 
in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will be made by 
transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Covered Bond appearing in the Covered Bond Register (i) where in 
global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date).  Payment of 
the interest due in respect of each Registered Covered Bond on redemption and the final

--- Page 124 ---
112 
 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount 
of such Registered Covered Bond. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Covered Bonds. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
8.6 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Covered Bond shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond and the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond in 
respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Covered 
Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his or her share of each payment so made 
by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar 
payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be made at the 
specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of 
the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Covered Bonds in the manner 
provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in 
U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
8.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon is 
not a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount 
due until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other 
sum in respect of any such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which 
(subject to Condition 11) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in:

--- Page 125 ---
113 
 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a 
day on which the T2 is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency  or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
T2 is open. 
8.8 
Interpretation of principal 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(d) 
in relation to Covered Bonds (other than Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds or 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds) redeemable in instalments, 
the Instalment Amounts; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined 
in Condition 9.6(b)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
9. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
9.1 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal 
Principal Payment Covered Bonds 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Inflation Linked Annuity 
Covered Bond and each Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond will, subject 
to Condition 8.1(a) or (b) (as applicable), be redeemed in one or more amounts, calculated in 
accordance with the formula specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the relevant Interest Payment Dates. 
9.2 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Covered Bond will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 126 ---
114 
 
9.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If an Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which 
notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount 
not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount (if any) and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount (if any), in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed 
(Redeemed Covered Bonds) will be selected (i) in the case of definitive Covered Bonds, 
individually by lot without involving any part only of a Bearer Covered Bond and not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter 
called the Selection Date), (ii) in the case of Global Covered Bonds, in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and 
(iii) in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules of the CSD. In the case 
of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definite Covered Bonds, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Covered Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 
15 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount 
of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered Bonds shall bear the same 
portion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Covered Bonds as the aggregate 
nominal amount of definite Covered Bond outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Covered Bonds outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date.  No exchange of the 
relevant definitive Covered Bond will be permitted during the period from (and including) the 
Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 9.3 
and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the relevant Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
9.4 
Redemption due to illegality or invalidity 
If the Covered Bonds become illegal and/or invalid, the Covered Bonds of all Series may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less 
than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to all Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable). 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9.4 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 9.6 together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued (and, if this is an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond or an Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond, adjusted for indexation in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms) to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
9.5 
Certification 
The publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 9.6 shall include a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled or required to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the certificate shall be 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which 
event it shall be conclusive and binding on all Covered Bondholders, (if applicable) 
Receiptholders and Couponholders.

--- Page 127 ---
115 
 
9.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 9.4, 9.7, 9.10 and 9.12, each Covered Bond will be redeemed at 
its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Covered Bond (other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond but 
including an Instalment Covered Bond), at the amount specified in, or determined in 
the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner 
is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its Principal Amount Outstanding 
(and, in the case of an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond or an Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond, adjusted for indexation in accordance with 
the provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms); or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at an amount (the Amortised Face 
Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9.7 
Instalments 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment 
Dates. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined 
pursuant to Condition 9.6. 
9.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Covered Bonds at any price in 
the open market or otherwise. Subject to the provision below, such Covered Bonds may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Issuer for cancellation. 
9.9 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Covered Bonds so cancelled and any Covered Bonds purchased and 
surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 9.8 and cancelled (together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent 
and in the case of CSD Covered Bonds shall be deleted from the records of the CSD and 
cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 128 ---
116 
 
9.10 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to Conditions 9.2, 9.3 or 9.4 above, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 9.6(a) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Covered Bond becomes due and 
payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond 
have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Covered Bonds has been received by (in the case of Covered 
Bonds other than CSD Covered Bond) the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered 
Covered Bonds, the Registrar or (in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 15. 
9.11 
Extension of Maturity Date  
(a) 
Extension of Maturity Date: 
(i) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the Issuer (i) has received approval from the FSA to extend the 
maturity of the Covered Bonds (a Maturity Extension Approval) and (ii) fails to pay 
the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, the 
maturity of the outstanding Covered Bonds not so redeemed and the date on which 
such Covered Bonds will, notwithstanding any insolvency, bankruptcy or resolution 
in respect of the Issuer at the relevant time, be due and repayable for the purposes of 
these Terms and Conditions will be extended up to and including (but no later than) 
the Extended Maturity Date.  In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment 
Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date.  
(ii) 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and will be payable on each 
Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Covered 
Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) of such Maturity Extension 
Approval (provided, however, that any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall 
not in any event affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension of maturity or 
give any Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal 
or otherwise with respect to the relevant Covered Bonds other than as provided for in 
these Conditions). 
(iv) 
The Issuer shall give the Fiscal Agent not less than five Business Days’ notice (in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) prior to the Maturity Date whether (a) 
payment will be made of the Final Redemption Amount of the applicable Series of 
Covered Bonds in full on their Maturity Date or (b) the obligation to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds on their Maturity 
Date shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity Date (the Extension Notice).

--- Page 129 ---
117 
 
(v) 
Any failure by the Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
or give rise to rights to any such person. 
(b) 
Zero Coupon Bonds: 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to which an Extended 
Maturity Date is specified under the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this 
Condition 9.11 the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable 
by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such 
amount in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. 
(c) 
Extension Irrevocable:  
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 9.11 shall be 
irrevocable. Where this Condition 9.11 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on 
the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 
9.11 shall not constitute an event of default or acceleration of payment for any purpose or 
give any Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or 
otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms and 
Conditions. 
(d) 
Payments:  
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 9.11 
Interest Rates, Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates on the Covered Bonds from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be 
determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Partial Redemption after Maturity Date:  
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Covered Bonds 
on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall 
be applied rateably across the Covered Bonds and the principal amount outstanding on the 
Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. If any partial redemption 
after the Maturity Date is not sufficient to redeem all outstanding Interest Payments, then the 
remainder of any Interest Payment shall be added to the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds. 
(f) 
Restriction on Further Issues:  
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in 
accordance with this Condition 9.11, then,  subject as otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms, for so long as any of those Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall 
not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Covered 
Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue to redeem in whole or in part the relevant Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the terms thereof. 
9.12 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) and, in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, the CSD if:

--- Page 130 ---
118 
 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of the Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 10), or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulation, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
were a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent to make available at its specified office to the 
Covered Bondholders (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of 
facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9.12 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
10. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons by the 
Issuer will be made without, or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amount as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Covered Bonds 
and (if any) Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Covered Bonds or (if any) Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Covered Bond or (if any) Coupon: 
(a) 
in respect of any demand made for payment in Iceland;  
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or government 
charges of whatever nature in respect of such Covered Bond or Coupon by reason of 
his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Covered Bond or Coupon; or 
(c) 
in respect of any demand for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled 
to an additional amount on making such demand on such thirtieth day assuming that 
day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 8.4); or

--- Page 131 ---
119 
 
(d) 
on account of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or 
withheld by reason of the application of Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or 
any successor provisions), any regulation, pronouncement or agreement thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof, or any intergovernmental agreement or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, whether currently in effect or 
as published and amended from time to time. 
As used herein: 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by (in the case of Bearer 
Covered Bonds) the Fiscal Agent or (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds) the Registrar 
or (in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent, in each case, on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
12; and 
Tax Jurisdiction means Iceland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax. 
Pursuant to point 8 of the first Paragraph of Article 3 of Icelandic Act No. 90/2003 on Income 
Tax, as amended (the ITA), non-Icelandic residents are not subject to tax on any interest 
income derived by them from the Covered Bonds and Coupons provided the Covered Bonds 
are registered with a securities depository within the Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development, the  European Economic Area or a member of the European Free Trade 
Association or the Faroe Islands (any such securities depository, an Eligible Securities 
Depository) and the Issuer registers the Covered Bonds with the Directorate of Internal 
Revenue in Iceland. The Issuer undertakes to ensure that any Covered Bonds are registered 
and accepted for clearance with an Eligible Securities Depository (which would include 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) and to register any Covered Bonds with the 
Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland on or prior to the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds 
and to obtain a certificate of exemption in respect thereof. In the event that such exemption to 
the ITA is forfeited, suspended or revoked as a result of the Issuer failing to register the 
Covered Bonds as aforesaid or the Covered Bonds being in definitive form and held outside 
an Eligible Securities Depository or the Covered Bonds otherwise ceasing to be registered 
with an Eligible Securities Depository or for any other reason and any payment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds is accordingly subject to withholding or deduction pursuant to the ITA, 
the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Covered Bonds or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts of  interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction (and the exceptions set out in paragraphs (a) to (f) above shall not 
be applicable). 
11. 
PRESCRIPTION  
The Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons will become void in accordance with Act on the 
Expiration of Debt and other Obligations No. 150/2007 unless presented for payment within 
10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined above). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon, any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or 
Condition 8.3 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 8.3.

--- Page 132 ---
120 
 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF COVERED BONDS, RECEIPTS COUPONS AND TALONS 
This Condition 12 only applies to Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds. 
Should any Covered Bond, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Covered Bonds, Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered 
Bonds) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any 
additional Paying Agents or Transfer Agents or any alternative CSD Agent is appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and, in the case of a Series of Registered 
Covered Bonds, a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading 
by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case 
of Bearer Covered Bonds) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Covered 
Bonds) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority;  
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than 
the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(d) 
in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, there will always be a CSD Agent authorised to 
act as an account holding institution with the CSD and one or more calculation 
agent(s) where the applicable Final Terms of the relevant CSD Covered Bonds so 
require. 
In addition, in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall 
forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 8.6 (General provisions applicable to payments).  
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Agents will be given to the 
Covered Bondholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Covered Bondholder 
or Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into 
which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it 
transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
This Condition 14 only applies to Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds.

--- Page 133 ---
121 
 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the 
final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Covered Bond to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 11 (Prescription). 
15. 
NOTICES 
15.1 
Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds 
This Condition 15.1 only applies to Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds. 
All notices regarding the Bearer Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It 
is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in 
London.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer 
Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.  
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication in a 
daily newspaper. 
All notices regarding the Registered Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if sent 
by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Covered Bond Register 
and will be deemed to have been given on the second day after mailing and, in addition, for so 
long as any Registered Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Covered Bonds are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Covered Bonds representing the Covered Bonds are held in their entirety on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such 
newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Covered Bonds 
provided that, for so long as any Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice shall also be published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Covered Bonds on the first day after the day 
on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Covered Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the 
same, together (in the case of any Covered Bond in definitive form) with the relative Covered 
Bond or Covered Bonds, with the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds).  Whilst any of the Covered Bonds are 
represented by a Global Covered Bond, such notice may be given by any holder of a Covered 
Bond to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose.

--- Page 134 ---
122 
 
15.2 
CSD Covered Bonds 
This Condition 15.2 only applies to CSD Covered Bonds. 
All notices regarding the CSD Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if published 
in accordance with the procedures of the CSD.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the CSD Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading. The Issuer can additionally at its own discretion obtain 
information from the CSD on the Covered Bondholders in order to send notices to each 
Covered Bondholder directly. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given to the holders of the CSD Covered Bonds 
on the date it is published in accordance with the procedures of the CSD.   
Notices to be given by any holder of CSD Covered Bonds may be given by such holder 
through the CSD in such manner as the CSD Agent and the CSD may approve for this 
purpose.  
16. 
MEETINGS OF COVERED BONDHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
16.1 
Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds 
This Condition 16.1 only applies to Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Covered 
Bondholders (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, in 
whole or in part) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in Schedule 4, Part 1 of the Agency Agreement) of a 
modification of the Covered Bonds, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by 
the Issuer if required in writing by Covered Bondholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being remaining outstanding.  
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being 
or representing Covered Bondholders whatever the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds so 
held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Covered Bonds, the Receipts or the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Covered Bonds or any date for payment of 
interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable 
in respect of the Covered Bonds or altering the currency of payment of the Covered Bonds, 
the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time 
being outstanding.   
The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 
per cent. of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for 
the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the

--- Page 135 ---
123 
 
relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time 
being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be binding on all the Covered Bondholders, whether or not they are present 
at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification to any Series of the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds of one or more Series (including the Terms and Conditions of this 
Series), the Coupons, the Receipts, the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement or 
any other document that has been entered into by the Issuer in relation to the 
Programme which (i) the Issuer in its sole discretion determines is not prejudicial to 
the interests of the Covered Bondholders and (ii) will not cause a downgrade in the 
rating of the Covered Bonds; or 
(b) 
any modification to any Series of the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds of one or more Series (including the Terms and Conditions of this 
Series), the Coupons, the Receipts, the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement or 
any other document that has been entered into by the Issuer in relation to the 
Programme, which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions 
of the law or to comply with the provisions of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and/or 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160, each as implemented into Icelandic law and/or to 
comply with the Act on Covered Bonds. 
In addition to paragraph (a) above, the Issuer shall be entitled to determine in its sole 
discretion that any modification required in order to accommodate the substitution of a Rating 
Agency with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds will not be prejudicial to the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders provided that the relevant modifications are required to 
accommodate an equivalent or higher rating of the replacement Rating Agency. In such case, 
the related ratings requirements specified by and/or relating to such Rating Agency to be 
substituted (including those specified in the Deed of Covenant) may be amended, without the 
consent of the Covered Bondholders, to refer to the respective ratings requirements of the 
replacement Rating Agency, without the consent of the relevant Covered Bondholders, 
Couponholders or Receiptholders, as applicable. 
In relation to a modification made pursuant to paragraph (a) and/or (b) above, the Issuer shall 
consider the interest of the Covered Bondholders and, in the event that the Issuer proposes 
any modification to the Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds, the Receipts, the Coupons or 
the Deed of Covenant, the Agents shall assume, without further enquiry, that the conditions 
set out in this Condition 16 have been satisfied.  
Any such modification shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders, the Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable after it has been agreed. 
16.2 
CSD Covered Bonds 
This Condition 16.2 only applies to CSD Covered Bonds.

--- Page 136 ---
124 
 
The Agency Agreement provides that meetings of Covered Bondholders (for the purposes of 
this Condition 16.2, a Covered Bondholders’ Meeting) may be convened by the Issuer and 
shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Covered Bondholders holding not 
less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons 
holding a certificate or certificates (dated no earlier than 14 days prior to the meeting) from 
either the CSD or the CSD Agent stating that each such Covered Bondholder is entered into 
the records of the CSD (as applicable) as a Covered Bondholder, and such Covered 
Bondholder or Covered Bondholders collectively hold or represent not less than 50 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding and provide an 
undertaking that no transfers or dealings have taken place or will take place in the relevant 
Covered Bonds until the conclusion of the meeting, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
such persons being or representing Covered Bondholders whatever the nominal amount of the 
Covered Bonds so held or represented; except that at any meeting the business of which 
includes the modification of certain provisions of the Covered Bonds as set out in Schedule 4, 
Part 2 of the Agency Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the Covered 
Bonds or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Covered Bonds or altering the 
currency of payment of the Covered Bonds), the quorum shall be one or more such persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
being or representing Covered Bondholders whatever the nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds so held or represented. A resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be binding on all the Covered Bondholders, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting. 
For the purposes of a meeting of the Covered Bondholders, the person named in the 
certificate from the CSD or the CSD Agent described above shall be treated as the holder of 
the Covered Bonds specified in such certificate, provided that he has given an undertaking not 
to transfer the Covered Bonds so specified (prior to the close of the meeting). 
The provisions for the convening and holding of such Covered Bondholders’ Meetings are set 
out in the Agency Agreement. 
The CSD Agent, the Fiscal Agent (insofar as the relevant modification relates to the Agency 
Agreement) and the Issuer may agree without the consent of any of the Covered Bondholders, 
to any modification of the CSD Covered Bonds or the Agency Agreement (insofar as the 
relevant modification to the Agency Agreement relates to the CSD Covered Bonds) which, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law or to comply with the EU 
Covered Bond Rules as such may be implemented into Icelandic law and/or to comply with 
the provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 15 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further covered 
bonds having terms and conditions the same as the Covered Bonds or the same in all respects 
save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds.

--- Page 137 ---
125 
 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Covered Bond under 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy 
of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Covered Bonds the Coupons, the Receipts 
and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Covered Bonds the Coupons, the Receipts and 
the Talons, are and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, 
except for Condition 4 and the registration of CSD Covered Bonds with the CSD and 
Condition 15.2 which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic law. 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 19.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to the 
Coupons, the Receipts and/or the Talons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and 
any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds the Coupons, the Receipts and/or the Talons (a Dispute) and accordingly 
each of the Issuer and any Covered Bondholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders in relation 
to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, each of the Issuer and any Covered Bondholders, 
Couponholders or Receiptholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute.  
(c) 
This Condition 19.2(c) is for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders, the Couponholders and 
the Receiptholders only.  To the extent allowed by law, the Covered Bondholders, the 
Couponholders and the Receiptholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) 
proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints LOGOS Legal Services Ltd. at Paternoster House, 65 St Paul’s 
Churchyard, London EC4M 8AB, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and undertakes that, in the 
event of LOGOS Legal Services Ltd. ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, 
it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
19.4 
Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Covered Bonds 
and the Coupons any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction or 
execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving

--- Page 138 ---
126 
 
of any relief or the issue of any process, including without limitation, the making, 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended 
use) of any order or judgment made or given in connection with any Dispute. 
19.5 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms 
substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 139 ---
127 
 
7. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an amount equal to the net proceeds (in respect 
of (b) below) from each issue of Covered Bonds will, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be: 
(a) 
used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; 
(b) 
in respect of Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, used to finance or refinance, in whole or 
in part, Green or Social Loans, as further described in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Sustainable Funding Framework dated January 2024 (as amended or supplemented from time 
to 
time) 
(the 
Sustainable 
Funding 
Framework) 
(https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB_2024_sjalfbaer-
fjarmalarammi.pdf); or 
(c) 
used to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
In respect of (b) above, the Sustainable Funding Framework describes the Green or Social Loans to 
which an amount equal to the net proceeds of an issuance of Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
may be allocated.  
The Sustainable Funding Framework has been developed by the Issuer in alignment with the 
International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021, Green Bond 
Principles 2021 and Social Bond Principles 2023 (the ICMA Principles). The Sustainable Funding 
Framework takes also into account Bonds to Finance the Sustainable Blue Economy: A Practitioner’s 
Guide, published by ICMA together with a number of organisations in September 2023. 
The following four core components and recommendation of the ICMA Principles will be adopted by 
the Issuer in connection with the issue and offering of each of its Green, Social or Sustainability 
Bonds: 
 
Use of Proceeds; 
 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection; 
 
Management of Proceeds;  
 
Reporting; and 
 
External Review 
(A)  
Use of Proceeds 
Allocation of net proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Sustainable Funding Framework 
provides that the Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds to finance or refinance, in whole, or in part, loans financing eligible projects or 
assets with environmental or social benefits (or a combination of the foregoing) that fall within the 
“Eligible Project Categories” set out and defined in detail in the Sustainable Funding Framework and 
described below (the Green or Social Loans). 
Eligible Project Categories

--- Page 140 ---
128 
 
The Eligible Project Categories consist of Green or Social Loans that meet the eligibility criteria 
outlined in the Sustainable Funding Framework under the following categories (the Eligible Project 
Categories): 
 
 
Green project categories 
Social project categories 
Clean transportation 
Access to Essential Services – Education and 
Healthcare 
Information technology and communications 
Affordable Housing 
Energy efficiency 
Employment Generation 
Pollution prevention and control 
Socioeconomic Advancement and Empowerment 
Sustainable water and wastewater management 
Renewable energy 
Green buildings 
Sustainable 
management 
of 
living 
natural 
resources and land use 
Eco-efficient products 
 
The Sustainable Funding Framework provides that the designation of the Eligible Project Categories 
has had and will, on a best efforts basis, have regard to categories of environmental activities that are 
included in the EU Taxonomy Regulation and that the eligibility criteria for each subcategory of 
Green Loans has been designed and will be designed, on a best efforts basis, to comply with the 
technical screening criteria set out in the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act as in effect at the date 
of the Sustainable Funding Framework, provided, in each case, that there are feasible practical 
Eligible Project Categories meeting these requirements in the geographies in which the Issuer’s assets 
are located as a matter of local regulation. 
The look-back period for Green or Social Loans that fall within the categories above and that 
refinance operational expenditures is limited to three years from the date of issue of the relevant 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds. The distribution of allocated Green or Social Loans by 
category as well as “financing versus refinancing” will be published by the Issuer as soon as possible, 
or at the latest in the annual Allocation and Impact Report.  
In addition to loans for specific eligible projects or assets, the Sustainable Funding Framework also 
provides for loans for general corporate purposes to “pure-play” green or social companies can be 
funded with amounts equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of relevant Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds. The Sustainable Funding Framework describes a “pure-play” company as a 
company deriving more than 90 per cent. of its revenue from activities that fall within the Eligible 
Project Categories outlined above. 
Exclusionary Criteria 
The Sustainable Funding Framework provides that amounts equal to the net proceeds of any Green, 
Social or Sustainability Bonds will not be used to knowingly finance or refinance, in whole or in part,

--- Page 141 ---
129 
 
Green or Social Loans that relate to activities on the Issuer’s “Exclusion List” set out in the Issuer’s 
Sustainability 
Policy 
dated 
October 
2023 
set 
out 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/Islandsbanki_Sustainability_Policy_English.p
df.  Among other things, the Exclusion List states what types of businesses and projects are excluded 
from financing or refinancing by the Issuer, for example: 
 
Research, mining, or processing of any type of energy production based on fossil fuels 
(natural gas, oil, coal or peat); 
 
Production, processing or transactions involving palm oil and its derivatives for energy use; 
 
All chemical processing of radioactive materials, including mining and mineral processing; 
 
Research involving animal testing that do not comply with EU or domestic directives; 
 
Mining and processing of minerals for the sole purpose of being used as gems; 
 
Sand mines that have a negative impact on ecosystems or are not carried out in accordance 
with laws on environmental impact assessment; 
 
Tobacco production. 
In addition, the Sustainable Funding Framework provides that no allocations of funds to Green or 
Social Loans under the Sustainable Funding Framework will be made to activities in research and/or 
development within weapons and defence, environmentally negative resource extraction (such as rare-
earth elements or fossil fuels), gambling, adult entertainment and predatory lending. 
(B) 
Process of project evaluation and selection 
The Issuer’s Sustainability Committee is mandated by the Issuer to meet on a regular basis (at least 
annually) and conduct a review of the selected loans within the Green and Social Loans categories to 
ensure ongoing compliance with the eligibility criteria as well as annual reporting requirements. The 
committee consists of representatives from the Issuer’s relevant business areas, representatives from 
the Risk Management department and the Sustainability Manager. The Sustainability Committee can 
delegate authority to certain specialists to review selected loans to ensure compliance with eligibility 
criteria. 
The Sustainability Committee will ensure that Green and Social Loans adhere to applicable laws and 
regulations as well as the Issuer’s Sustainability Policy. The Sustainability Committee will also ensure 
that environmental and social risks potentially associated with the Green and Social Loans are 
properly mitigated and monitored in accordance with the Issuer’s its ESG risk assessment process.   
The Sustainable Funding Framework underscores that all loans, including Green or Social Loans, will 
undergo the Issuer’s robust standard credit process which is designed to ensure compliance with 
applicable domestic and international rules and regulations, Know Your-Customer processes and the 
Issuer’s internal policies and guidelines, such as related to Credit, Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-
Terrorist Financing and Sanctions policies. Moreover, potential Environmental, Social, and 
Governance (ESG) risks are assessed.  The Sustainable Funding Framework provides that only loans 
approved in the regular credit process can be eligible for green, social or sustainable funding. 
The Sustainability Committee monitors Green and Social Loans on an ongoing basis. Green and 
Social Loans are recorded in a Sustainability Register. The Issuer’s Finance Department will, on 
behalf of the Sustainability Committee, maintain the Sustainability Register. The Sustainability 
Register is monitored on a regular basis during the term of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds

--- Page 142 ---
130 
 
to ensure that the sufficient amounts are allocated to Green or Social Loans. If the Sustainability 
Committee identifies loans which do not qualify (or continue to qualify) under the framework, the 
Sustainability Committee has the authority to remove the loans from the Sustainability Register. 
(C) 
Management of proceeds 
Amounts equivalent to the net proceeds from Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds will be tracked 
using the Sustainability Register. Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds will be managed on a 
portfolio level. This means that a Green, Social or Sustainability bond will not be linked directly to 
one (or more) predetermined Green or Social Loans. Green or Social Loans can, whenever needed, be 
removed from, or added to the Sustainability Register. Any unallocated net proceeds from the issue of 
a Green, Social or Sustainability bond temporarily held by the Issuer will be invested in accordance 
with the internal requirements for the liquidity reserve. Should there be any such unallocated net 
proceeds, the Issuer will endeavour to allocate them within 18 months. The Finance Department will 
be responsible for the management of the net proceeds of Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds. See 
"Risk Factors – Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of net proceeds, such as Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds may not be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor" for a discussion of 
potential consequences of any event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of any issue of Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds or similar events. 
(D)  
Reporting 
The Sustainable Funding Framework provides that an “Allocation and Impact Report” will be made 
available on the Issuer’s website.  
The Allocation and Impact Report will be published at least annually and in the event of any material 
developments, as long as there are Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds outstanding. 
The allocation report will include the following information: 
 
Total amount of Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds issued 
 
Allocation of proceeds within each Eligible Project Category 
 
Share of proceeds used for financing/refinancing 
 
Share of unallocated proceeds (if any) 
 
On a best effort basis, information on EU Taxonomy eligibility and/or alignment (%) of the 
underlying Green Loans financed by Green Bonds 
The impact report will include details on the environmental or social impact of the Green or Social 
Loans financed under the Sustainable Funding Framework by reference to prescribed impact 
indicators, examples of which are set out in the Sustainable Funding Framework. If all necessary data 
for the impact report cannot be collected, the Issuer commits in the Sustainable Funding Framework 
to complete the impact assessment/calculations on a best efforts basis. 
(E) 
External reviews 
The Sustainable Funding Framework provides that the Issuer has obtained an opinion from an 
independent external second opinion provider (the Second Party Opinion) from the Second Party 
Opinion provider Sustainalytics, assessing the credibility and impactfulness of the Sustainable 
Funding Framework and its alignment with the ICMA Principles. The Second Party Opinion is

--- Page 143 ---
131 
 
available on the Issuer’s website (https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB-
Sustainable-Funding-Framework-Second-Party-Opinion-2023.pdf). 
In addition, the Sustainable Funding Framework provides that a limited assurance report will be 
obtained by the Issuer on an annual basis from an independent party and in the event of any material 
developments. The limited assurance report will be published on the Issuer’s website.  
(F) Updates 
The Sustainable Funding Framework may in the future be updated to harmonise with market and/or 
developments within the Issuer. Any such future changes will however not apply to Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds issued under earlier versions of the framework. The Sustainable Funding 
Framework provides that it does not affect any outstanding Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
issued under the Issuer’s Sustainable Financing Framework dated 28 October 2020. 
The Sustainable Funding Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any public reporting by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be available on the Issuer's website 
but, for the avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into or form part of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Any 
information 
contained 
in 
or 
accessible 
through 
any 
website, 
including 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB_2024_sjalfbaer-fjarmalarammi.pdf; 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/Islandsbanki_Sustainability_Policy_English.p
df and https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB-Sustainable-Funding-Framework-
Second-Party-Opinion-2023.pdf, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically 
stated in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to 
be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 144 ---
132 
 
8. 
SUMMARY OF ICELANDIC LEGISLATION RELATING TO COVERED BONDS 
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds was adopted by the Icelandic Parliament on 4 March 2008. This 
legislation enables Icelandic commercial banks, savings banks and credit undertakings, which have 
been duly licensed to issue covered bonds as defined therein. 
The Issuer is licensed by the FSA under the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds  which enables it to issue 
the Covered Bonds. The following constitutes a general summary of the Icelandic legislation 
governing the issuance of covered bonds in Iceland, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which law 
may be supplemented, amended, modified or varied whether by legislative enactment or by way of 
judicial decisions and administrative pronouncements, including possibly, with retroactive effect. The 
summary does not purport to be, nor shall it be, construed as being an exhaustive description or 
presentation of all aspects of law, regulation, judicial decisions and administrative pronouncements 
relevant to the Covered Bonds. The original language of the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds is 
Icelandic. The relevant legislation, executive orders and or regulations in the original Icelandic 
version should be consulted in the event of any doubt.  
The Legislation  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main legislation which governs the issuance of covered 
bonds is the Act on Covered Bonds, the Act on Financial Undertakings and the Rules issued by the 
FSA under the authority conferred on it by Article 25 of the Act on Covered Bonds.  
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds defines "covered bonds" (Ice: sértryggð skuldabréf) as bonds 
and other unilateral, unconditional, written debt obligations which enjoy a right of priority over the 
cover pool (as defined below) of an issuer and which are issued in compliance with the Icelandic Act 
on Covered Bonds. 
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds has been amended (by way of Act no. 7/2023) and the Rules 
have been amended and restated (as Rules No. 190/2023) to comply with and transpose the EU 
Covered Bond Rules. Whilst certain non-mandatory provisions of the Covered Bond Directive have 
not been implemented into Icelandic legislation, covered bonds that fulfil the requirements set forth in 
the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, which inter alia requires that the assets included in the cover 
pool must meet the criteria set out in Article 129 of the CRR and appurtenant regulations may be 
marketed under the label 'European Covered Bond' (Ice: evrópsk sértryggð skuldabréf) or 'European 
Covered Bond (Premium)' (Ice: evrópsk sértryggð skuldabréf (úrvals)), or under the official 
translation of the same terms of another member state of the EEA. 
The Register 
The issuer of covered bonds must maintain the Register of the issued covered bonds, the related 
derivatives agreements, and the Cover Pool pertaining to such covered bonds and the relevant 
derivatives agreements concluded in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. The assets included 
in the Register are included on, and are a part of, the issuer’s balance sheet. Each item in the Register 
must be clearly identified and the Register must be updated on a regular basis to include any changes 
in the relevant information. The Act on Covered Bonds also stipulates the type of information that 
must be recorded in the Register with respect to each item. The Register must at all times contain 
detailed information on the nominal value of the covered bonds, the assets which constitute the Cover 
Pool and their valuation, substitute collateral (if any), cash inflow from the Cover Pool and the 
derivative agreements. Bonds in a cover pool must be endorsed showing they are part of a cover pool 
and have been entered in a register as provided for in Chapter VI of the Act on Covered Bonds. The 
endorsement shall also indicate that such bonds are to secure priority rights of a specific covered bond 
programme.

--- Page 145 ---
133 
 
Benefit of a prioritised claim 
Pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds, if an issuer is declared bankrupt, enters into debt negotiations 
pursuant to the Icelandic Act on Bankruptcy etc., No. 21/1991, as amended (the Bankruptcy Act), is 
liquidated, or is placed under public administration, the holders of covered bonds issued by the 
relevant issuer shall have exclusive, equal and pro rata rights of priority to bonds and other assets in 
the cover pool and payments received on the above mentioned assets, provided they have been 
entered into the Register. The nature of claims and rights of priority of covered bonds to the assets 
shall be as provided for in Art. 111 of the Bankruptcy Act which characterises secured claims. The 
prioritised claims will rank ahead of all other claims, save for claims relating to the fees and expenses 
of a bankruptcy estate and derivative agreements concluded in accordance with the Act on Covered 
Bonds. Derivative contracts shall enjoy priority as provided for in Point 3 of Article 110 of the 
Bankruptcy Act, cf. Article 111 of the Bankruptcy Act. 
By virtue of the priority established by the Act on Covered Bonds, claims of the holders of covered 
bonds against an issuer which has issued covered bonds will rank ahead of claims of all other 
creditors of the credit institution with respect to the cover pool (save for the priority described above 
granted to a bankruptcy estate in respect of fees and expenses and claims of the counterparties to the 
relevant derivative contracts). 
Cost of bankruptcy administration, to such extent as this is incurred due to efforts of the bankruptcy 
administrator concerning covered bonds, bonds and other assets in the cover pool, payments with 
respect to these assets or derivative contracts connected with the cover pool, shall be paid from the 
assets of the cover pool or funds which are substituted for them. Other cost of bankruptcy 
administration shall not be paid from the assets of the cover pool and fulfilment of derivative 
contracts connected with the pool if such exist. 
Pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds, loans and other assets included in the cover pool may not be 
pledged.  
Cover Pool – composition of assets 
The Act on Covered Bonds provides that holders of covered bonds (and also, if applicable, 
counterparties under derivatives contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to the covered 
bonds) have an exclusive and prioritised right of claim, on a pari passu basis between themselves over 
a pool of certain security assets (the Cover Pool). Under Icelandic law, an issuer of bonds, such as an 
issuer of covered bonds, is authorised to register the bonds in dematerialised book entry form by 
electronic registration in the CSD in accordance with Act No. 7/2020 on Central Securities 
Depoitories, Settlement and Electronic Registration of Financial Instruments. 
Pursuant to Article 129 of the CRR, in order to qualify for the preferential treatment set out in 
paragraph 4 and 5 of that Article, covered bonds need to be collateralised by the following eligible 
assets:  
(a) 
exposures to or guaranteed by central governments, the ESCB central banks, public sector 
entities, regional governments or local authorities in the European Union; 
(b) 
exposures to or guaranteed by third country central governments, third-country central banks, 
multilateral development banks, international organisations that qualify for the credit quality 
step 1, and exposures to or guaranteed by third-country public sector entities, third-country 
regional governments or third- country local authorities that are risk weighted as exposures to 
institutions or central governments and central banks in accordance with Article 115(1) or (2), 
or Article 116(1), (2) or (4) respectively and that qualify for the credit quality step 1, and 
exposures within the meaning of this point that qualify as a minimum for the credit quality

--- Page 146 ---
134 
 
step 2, provided that they do not exceed 20 per cent. of the nominal amount of outstanding 
covered bonds of the issuing institutions; 
(c) 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2, or 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 where those exposures are 
in the form of (i) short-term deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where 
used to meet the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of the Covered Bond 
Directive; or (ii) derivative contracts that meet the requirements of Article 11(1) of that 
Directive, where permitted by the competent authorities, and meet the exposure requirements 
set out in paragraph 1a of Article 129 of the CRR; 
(d) 
loans secured by residential property up to the lesser of the principal amount of the liens that 
are combined with any prior liens and 80 per cent. of the value of the pledged properties. The 
limit of 80 per cent. shall apply on a loan-by-loan basis, shall determine the portion of the 
loan contributing to the coverage of liabilities attached to the covered bond, and shall apply 
throughout the entire maturity of the loan; 
(e) 
residential loans fully guaranteed by an eligible protection provider referred to in Article 201 
of the CRR qualifying for the credit quality step 2 or above, where the portion of each of the 
loans that is used to meet the requirement set out in this paragraph for collateralisation of the 
covered bond does not represent more than 80 per cent. of the value of the corresponding 
residential property located in France, and where a loan-to-income ratio respects at most 33 
per cent. when the loan has been granted. There shall be no mortgage liens on the residential 
property when the loan is granted, and for the loans granted from 1 January 2014 the borrower 
shall be contractually committed not to grant such liens without the consent of the credit 
institution that granted the loan. The loan-to-income ratio represents the share of the gross 
income of the borrower that covers the reimbursement of the loan, including the interests. The 
protection provider shall be either a financial institution authorised and supervised by the 
competent authorities and subject to prudential requirements comparable to those applied to 
institutions in terms of robustness or an institution or an insurance undertaking. It shall 
establish a mutual guarantee fund or equivalent protection for insurance undertakings to 
absorb credit risk losses, whose calibration shall be periodically reviewed by the competent 
authorities. Both the credit institution and the protection provider shall carry out a 
creditworthiness assessment of the borrower; 
(f) 
loans secured by commercial immovable property up to the lesser of the principal amount of 
the liens that are combined with any prior liens and 60 per cent. of the value of the pledged 
properties. Loans secured by commercial immovable property are eligible where the loan- to-
value ratio of 60 per cent. is exceeded up to a maximum level of 70 per cent. if the value of 
the total assets pledged as collateral for the covered bonds exceed the nominal amount 
outstanding on the covered bond by at least 10 per cent., and the bondholders’ claim meets the 
legal certainty requirements set out in Chapter 4 of the CRR. The bondholders’ claim shall 
take priority over all other claims on the collateral; 
(g) 
loans secured by maritime liens on ships up to the difference between 60 per cent. of the value 
of the pledged ship and the value of any prior maritime liens; 
Article 129 of the CRR further provides that the following criteria must be met: 
(a) 
immovable property and ships collateralising covered bonds that comply with the CRR, the 
requirements set out in Article 208 of the CRR shall be met. The monitoring of property 
values in accordance with point (a) of Article 208(3) of the CRR shall be carried out 
frequently and at least annually for all immovable property and ships;

--- Page 147 ---
135 
 
(b) 
covered bonds shall be subject to a minimum level of 5 per cent. of overcollateralisation as 
defined in point (14) of Article 3 of the Covered Bond Directive. For these purposes, the total 
nominal amount of all cover assets as defined in point (4) of Article 3 of that Directive shall 
be at least of the same value as the total nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds 
(‘nominal principle’), and shall consist of eligible assets as set out above, subject to the 
authorisation of member states to set a lower minimum level of overcollateralisation for 
covered bonds or authorise their competent authorities to set such a level; and 
(c) 
eligible assets listed above may be included in the cover pool as substitution assets as defined 
in point (13) of Article 3 of the Covered Bond Directive, subject to the limits on credit quality 
and exposure size set out in paragraphs 1 and 1a of Article 129 of the CRR. 
The real property and the registered assets which serve as security for the bonds included in the cover 
pool must be located in a member state of the EEA, EFTA or the Faroe Islands (each a Cover Pool 
Member State and collectively the Cover Pool Member States). A cover pool will consist primarily 
of mortgage bonds secured against residential property; industrial, office or commercial property; 
agricultural property; debt instruments including those issued by the Icelandic state or another 
member state, municipality in Iceland or in another member state, or guaranteed by such member state 
within the EEA, and certain collateral up to a specific limit of the value of the relevant cover pool. 
Substitute collateral are assets that may be included in the cover pool and are intended to ensure that 
the interests of covered bondholders are not prejudiced despite changes which may occur to the assets 
of the cover pool. The cover pool may include the following substitute collateral; (1) Demand 
deposits with a financial undertaking; (2) Deposits with or claims against a Cover Pool Member State 
or central bank in a Cover Pool Member State; (3) Claims against other legal entities which in the 
FSA’s evaluation, do not involve greater risk than those in points (1) and (2) above. Substitute 
collateral may not comprise more than 20 per cent. of the value of the cover pool. The FSA may 
however authorise an increase in the proportion of substitute collateral in the cover pool to as much as 
30 per cent. of its value. 
Assets in the cover pool are to be kept separate from other business operations of the issuer, as further 
defined below in the section The Register. 
Loan-to-value (LTV) ratio and Cover Pool composition 
Mortgages listed in the Register, must on the date of registration fulfil the following conditions: 
 
The LTV ratio of Residential Mortgages must not exceed 80%. 
 
The LTV ratio of Commercial Mortgages must not exceed 60%. 
 
The LTV ratio of Agricultural Mortgages must not exceed 70%. Production quotas, allocated 
to registered farms, may not be included in the calculations of market value.  
Residential Mortgages and Commercial Mortgages may not be listed in a cover pool if payment is in 
arrears of 90 days or more. Should an issuer intend to include more than one class of bonds in its 
cover pool, mention must be made thereof in the license application to the FSA. 
Regular assessment of the market value for Cover Pool assets 
The aggregate present value of mortgages, including accrued interest and indexation, and other assets 
in the cover pool which is to serve as collateral for a specific class of covered bonds, must always 
exceed the aggregate current value of this same covered bond class.

--- Page 148 ---
136 
 
An issuer must regularly monitor and have appraised the market value of the mortgages of the cover 
pool. If the market value of collateral of the cover pool decreases substantially, the amount of the 
mortgages included in the cover pool shall be increased to ensure that the LTV lies within the above 
limits specified by the Act on Covered Bonds.  
Valuation of Cover Pool, administration etc. 
Market value of the mortgages shall be based on the selling price in recent transactions with 
comparable properties. If the market value of real estate based on the foregoing considerations is not 
available, it shall be determined by a specific valuation. The valuation shall be based on generally 
accepted principles for market valuation of real estate. Data on real estate price developments from 
the Icelandic Property Register (Icelandic: Fasteignaskrá Íslands), a data and information system run 
by the Icelandic Housing and Construction Authority, for instance, may be used as a basis, together 
with other systematic collection of real estate price data.  
If an issuer assesses the market value of real estate in accordance with the foregoing, the Independent 
Inspector provided for in Chapter VIII of the Act on Covered Bonds (see Independent Inspector 
below) must verify that the appraisal is based on accepted methodology. The Independent Inspector 
shall re-assess the market price of one or more properties if it is believed to be valued incorrectly. An 
appraisal of the market value of real estate must be in writing and specify what methodology is used, 
who has carried out the appraisal and when it was made.  
Additional provisions regarding quantitative and qualitative requirements placed on the assets forming 
part of the Cover Pool are set out in the Act on Covered Bonds and the Rules. In order to qualify for 
inclusion in the Cover Pool all legislative requirements must be met. However, if the Cover Pool 
assets at a later stage cease to meet the requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds and/or the Rules in 
relation to ratios, or proportion limits etc., such assets may nevertheless form part of the Cover Pool, 
but will be excluded from the calculation of the value of the Cover Pool. 
According to the Act on Covered Bonds, bonds, substitute collateral and other assets placed by an 
issuer in a cover pool shall be valued having regard to exchange rates, interest rates, maturities and 
other factors of significance, in order to maintain a suitable balance between the relevant cover pool 
and the corresponding covered bond programme. An issuer may conclude derivative agreements for 
the purpose of achieving this balance.  
Moreover, the Act on Covered Bonds states an issuer must ensure that instalments and other payment 
flows accruing on assets in the cover pool, and from derivative agreements, match payments on the 
covered bonds so that all commitments towards the Covered Bondholders and counterparties to 
derivative agreements can be met. To this end the issuer shall keep instalments and other payments 
accruing on assets in the cover pool segregated from the issuer’s other assets, including other cover 
pools, as well as their accrued instalments and other payments. An issuer must preserve assets such as 
instalments and other payments accruing on assets in the cover pool in a separate account and keep 
them segregated from its other assets.  
Bonds and other cover pool assets shall not be subject to claims by the issuer’s creditors. 
Supervision by an Independent Inspector  
Issuers are required to appoint an independent inspector (the Independent Inspector) to supervise the 
issuance of covered bonds licensed by the FSA and the FSA must approve their appointment in 
accordance with the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds. In seeking the FSA’s approval for the 
Independent Inspector’s appointment, an issuer must disclose possible interrelation between the 
Independent Inspector and the issuer. The Independent Inspector must fulfil the eligibility criteria 
prescribed in the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds and is assigned the task of monitoring that the

--- Page 149 ---
137 
 
register is maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds and to 
verify that the valuation of collateral for bonds in the cover pool is based on proper methodology. 
Furthermore, the Independent Inspector is tasked with the ongoing monitoring of a cover pool 
liquidity buffer and the dissemination of information to investors. The Independent Inspector shall on 
a regular basis deliver a report to the FSA on his observations and immediately inform the FSA of any 
circumstances he becomes aware of, that could affect the FSA’s assessment of the issuer, as 
frequently and in such format as the FSA decides, or above and beyond this if exceptional 
circumstances so warrant, among other things.  
Investor Information 
Pursuant to the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, issuers of covered bonds are required to provide 
information on their covered bond programmes. The information must be sufficiently detailed to 
allow investors to assess the profile and risks of that programme and to carry out their due diligence. 
At least on a quarterly basis the following minimum information shall be published: 
(a) 
the value of the cover pool and outstanding covered bonds; 
(b) 
the International Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs) for all covered bond issues under 
that programme, to which an ISIN has been attributed; 
(c) 
the geographical distribution and type of assets in the cover pool, the size of  loans in the 
cover pool and valuation method of the cover pool assets; 
(d) 
the market risk, including interest rate risk and currency risk, and credit and liquidity risks; 
(e) 
the maturity structure of cover pool assets and covered bonds, including an overview of 
maturity extension triggers; 
(f) 
the levels of required and available coverage, and the levels of statutory, contractual and 
voluntary overcollateralisation above what is required by the Icelandic Act on Covered 
Bonds; and  
(g) 
the percentage of loans that are more than 90 days past due or are otherwise considered to be 
in default pursuant to Article 178 of CRR. 
Cover Pool administration in the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer 
The Act on Covered Bonds prescribes that if an issuer’s estate is subject to resolution, financial 
restructuring, bankruptcy or winding-up proceedings, covered bonds it has issued shall not be 
accelerated. The estate shall maintain rights and obligations subject to derivative agreements 
concluded in accordance with the provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds.  
If an issuer’s estate is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, covered bonds it has issued shall have rights 
of priority to bonds and other assets in the Cover Pool and payments received on the abovementioned 
assets, provided they have been entered into a Register. 
The administrator, who is appointed by the relevant district court, will manage the Cover Pool and the 
rights of the Covered Bondholders and counterparties to derivative contracts. The administrator of the 
bankrupt estate must keep bonds and other assets in a cover pool, as provided for in the Act on 
Covered Bonds, segregated from other assets in the issuer’s estate as further specified in the Register 
at any given time. The same shall apply to funds and other assets substituted for the bonds and other 
assets in the Register or paid towards such assets. Such separation shall be maintained until claims 
arising from covered bonds have been paid in full. The bankruptcy administrator shall also keep

--- Page 150 ---
138 
 
derivative agreements, and funds returned by such assets or which must be paid from the relevant 
cover pool to counterparties in derivative agreements, separate from other assets of the estate. Any 
administrator’s fees and any other expenses in connection with the administration are to be paid by 
the administration estate. 
If an issuer is granted a debt moratorium, the assisting administrator for the debt moratorium shall 
ensure that obligations arising from covered bonds and derivative agreements are fulfilled using the 
assets of the cover pool, substitute collateral and payments made on these assets. 
An administration estate cannot be closed until (a) the obligations of the estate and the assets of the 
Register have been transferred to a third party credit institution holding a license to issue covered 
bonds, (b) all the covered bonds for which the assets in the Register serve as collateral have been 
repaid and the derivative contracts have matured or (c) the estate has filed for bankruptcy and the 
bankruptcy estate has been closed.  
If an issuer’s estate is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, covered bonds it has issued shall not be 
foreclosed unless a specific agreement to this effect has been concluded. The estate shall maintain 
rights and obligations subject to derivative agreements concluded in accordance with the provisions of 
the Act on Covered Bonds.  
Coverage Requirements  
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds requires the value of the assets in the cover pool at all times to 
exceed the value of the claims against the cover pool. The percentage level by which the value of the 
cover pool exceeds the nominal value of the liabilities, relating to the issued and outstanding covered 
bonds, along with all accrued interests, from time to time is known as "overcollateralisation". The 
Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds requires a minimum overcollateralisation of 5 per cent. and the 
Issuer covenants under Condition 5.2 to overcollateralise the Cover Pool at all times by at least the 
higher of (i) 5 per cent.; (ii) such percentage as required under the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds 
and/or the Rules on Covered Bonds from time to time; and (iii) such percentage as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and any rating agency from time to time.   
The Issuer will also maintain the overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
overcollateralisation committed to under the terms and conditions of its existing Covered Bonds, this 
being at least 25 per cent. until March 2024 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a 
committed overcollateralisation of 25 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 20 per cent. from March 
2024 until May 2026 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed 
overcollateralisation of 20 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 10 per cent. from May 2026 until 
May 2030 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 
10 per cent. are redeemed in full) and thereafter the level of overcollateralisation required to be 
maintained will be as required under Condition 5.2. 
Moreover, instalments and other cash flows accruing on the assets in the cover pool and from 
derivative agreements shall be in such a manner that at any given time the issuer can meet all its 
financial obligations to covered bondholders and counterparties to derivative agreements. 
In order to maintain a suitable balance between the cover pool and the corresponding covered bond 
programme, the issuer (a) must ensure that the assets in the cover pool (including substitute collateral) 
are valued having proper regard to currency exchange rates, interest rates, maturity dates, and other 
relevant factors; and (b) may enter into derivative agreements for the purpose of achieving this 
balance. 
Liquidity Buffer

--- Page 151 ---
139 
 
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds requires that an issuer must maintain a cover pool liquidity 
buffer to cover the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow on the covered bonds and related 
derivative contracts over the next 180 days. Where the maturity of covered bonds can be extended, for 
the calculation of the net liquidity outflow it may be assumed that the principal amount of the covered 
bonds is to be repaid on the extended maturity date as determined in the contractual terms and 
conditions of the covered bond. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds further define the assets that the liquidity buffer may consist of. 
Pursuant to the Rules on Covered Bonds, the liquidity buffer can only consist of (i) assets that qualify 
as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the LCR Regulation and not issued by the credit 
institution issuing the covered bonds itself, its parent undertaking, other than a public sector entity that 
is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or by a 
securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links, or (ii) short-term 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or credit step 3, subject to the 
conditions in point (c) of Article 129(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (as amended). It should also 
be noted that the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds specifically states that the uncollateralised claims 
from exposures considered in default pursuant to Article 178 of CRR cannot contribute to the cover 
pool liquidity buffer. 
Extendable Maturity Structures 
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds allows for the exercise of extendable maturity (aka 'soft bullet') 
pursuant to the transposing of the EU Covered Bond Rules. Any such extension of maturity shall be 
subject to the approval of the FSA.  Under the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, such approval is 
subject to the following conditions: 
(a) 
that the deferral is necessary for the purposes of: 
(i) 
preventing default on a covered bond or a derivative contract without the sale of 
assets at a substantial discount; 
(ii) 
early intervention by the FSA in accordance with the Act on Financial Undertakings 
or the resolution of the Issuer in achieving the objective of Act No. 70/2020 on 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (the Act on Resolution of 
Credit Institutions and Investment Firms); or 
(iii) 
optimising the claims of Covered Bondholders and counterparties of derivative 
contracts upon the winding-up or liquidation of the issuer; 
(b) 
that the deferral is explicitly authorised pursuant to the terms and conditions of the covered 
bond, which set out the final maturity date, the maturity extension triggers, the consequences 
that insolvency or resolution of the issuer may have on the extension and the role of the FSA 
with regard to such deferral; and 
(c) 
that the deferral does not affect the maturity schedule of other covered bonds collateralised 
by the same cover pool. 
Furthermore, an issuer, or, upon winding-up of the issuer, its winding-up committee, is required to 
promptly inform the covered bondholders of the deferral of the maturity of the covered bonds and the 
duration of such deferral.  The terms and conditions of the relevant covered bond shall otherwise 
determine what is required to be communicated by the relevant issuer to covered bondholders with 
respect to the maturity of their covered bonds.

--- Page 152 ---
140 
 
With respect to paragraph (a)(ii) above, the objective of resolution, as set out in the Act on Resolution 
of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (cf. Article 1 of the Act), is to preserve financial stability, 
inter alia, by ensuring the continuity of essential economic activities and preventing significant 
adverse impact on the financial system. Further, the objective of the Act is to minimise the risk of 
reliance on public financial support to private companies, and to protect depositors, investors and 
client assets. 
Rescission of actions 
Actions taken by an issuer, whether they involve delivery of funds to a cover pool, delivery of 
substitute collateral to the cover pool, payments on assets in the cover pool or disposal of funds from 
the cover pool to fulfil obligations under a bond covered by it or a derivative agreement concluded in 
accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds and in connection with the cover pool, shall not be subject 
to rescission, cf. Chapter XX of the Act on Bankruptcy etc. The same shall apply to payments to an 
issuer under a derivative agreement concluded in accordance with the provisions of this Act.  
No Rights in certain circumstances 
No covered bondholders, counterparties to derivative contracts can claim early repayment of payment 
obligations on the basis of a bankruptcy order against an issuing bank or an issuing bank’s failure to 
satisfy the requirement for additional collateral. Moreover, the relevant borrower(s) of the underlying 
loan(s) will retain the right to repay their loans in full or in part without variation. Furthermore, it is 
not possible for individual covered bondholders, counterparties to the derivative contracts to initiate 
claims against the issuing bank during the issuing bank’s bankruptcy. The Act on Covered Bonds 
makes it clear that the administrator is acting on behalf of all covered bondholders, counterparties to 
the derivative contracts and lenders of loans that may be taken out to purchase assets which are in turn 
added to the cover pool in the event of a requirement to post additional collateral, if any, and that only 
the administrator may prove claims against the bankruptcy estate for any assets required to cover the 
claims of the covered bondholders and counterparties to derivative contracts. 
Supervision of the FSA 
The issue of covered bonds requires a licence from the FSA, which monitors compliance with the 
Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds as well as being the supervisory authority for the business operations 
of an issuer conducted in connection with the issue of covered bonds. Effective 1 January 2020 the 
FSA merged with the Icelandic Central Bank into one institution, which in turn is subject to a new Act 
on the Central Bank of Iceland No. 92/2019 (CBA). There is no change to tasks entrusted to these two 
institutions. There is however integration of tasks within one institution of governance and decision-
making arrangement, as further set out in the CBA, as well as Act No. 91/2019 on amendment to 
various Acts, as a consequence of the merger between the Central Bank and the Financial Supervisory 
Authority. A license from the FSA requires, inter alia, that the issuance comply with the Icelandic Act 
on Covered Bonds and that a certified public accountant certifies that the issuer’s budget and accounts 
demonstrate that its financial situation is stable enough not to jeopardise the interests of other 
creditors. Furthermore, the FSA may grant the licence subject to specified conditions. 
The FSA must revoke an issuer’s license to issue covered bonds if the issuer (a) has not issued the 
covered bonds to which the license applies within one year from its date of issue; (b) has declared that 
it does not intend to avail itself of the authorisation to issue covered bonds; or (c) has been granted the 
license on the basis of misinformation or otherwise in an abnormal manner. The FSA may grant an 
issuer a specified time limit for issuance instead of revoking a license on the basis of (a) above.  
Further, the FSA may revoke an issuer’s license to issue covered bonds if (a) the issuer no longer 
fulfils the requirements to issue covered bonds; (b) the issuer’s budget, as attested to by a certified 
public accountant, demonstrates that its financial situation is no longer sufficiently sound so that the

--- Page 153 ---
141 
 
issuance of covered bonds will jeopardise the interests of other creditors; or (c) the issuer violates 
provisions of the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds or rules adopted by virtue of it. If the FSA revokes 
the issuer’s license to issue covered bonds it shall decide how to terminate the activities of the issuer. 
Before any revocation may be enacted pursuant to this paragraph, the issuer must be allowed a 
suitable period to rectify the situation, if rectification is possible in the estimation of FSA. 
An issuer of covered bonds must annually deliver to the FSA a report, in such format as the FSA 
decides, containing information on (a) cover pool assets, including liquid assets, and how they are 
segregated from the issuer's other assets; (b) compliance with coverage requirements; (c) conditions 
for covered bonds' maturity extensions, as applicable; and (d) the monitoring activities of the 
Independent Inspector. 
The FSA may authorise that previously issued bonds and other comparable debt instruments which 
were issued for the purposes of financing the assets in a cover pool may be converted to covered 
bonds under the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds. The term 'covered bond' may be used for covered 
bonds issued prior to 1 March 2023 that complied with the requirements laid down prior to the 
implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules, as applicable on the date of their issue. The same 
applies to tap issues of covered bonds issued between 1 March 2023 and 31 December 2024, provided 
that those issues comply with certain requirements. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds 
The FSA has issued Rules No. 190/2023 on Covered Bonds (the Rules on Covered Bonds), replacing 
Rules No. 528/2008, that concern among other things, the conditions for being granted licence to 
issue covered bonds, appraisal and revaluation of the assets in the cover pool, coverage requirements, 
assets that may be considered for the liquidity buffer, derivative agreements, the register, the 
eligibility and reporting of the Independent Inspector and reporting of the Issuer to the FSA. The 
Rules on Covered Bonds are issued with reference to the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds and 
elaborate on the provisions of said Act. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds list the documents to be provided to the FSA by an issuer who applies 
for the FSA’s licence to issue covered bonds. Such documents include, among other things, approvals, 
descriptions of the proposed programme, the issuer’s budget, information and requirements 
concerning IT-systems, etc. The Rules on Covered Bonds describe the assets which are eligible to be 
registered to the cover pool and how the eligibility of such assets shall be evaluated. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds provide further clarification with respect to coverage requirements and 
provide a method of calculating the present value of assets/liabilities in relation thereto. The Rules on 
Covered Bonds prescribe that an issuer shall complete such calculations as often as deemed necessary 
and at least on a weekly basis. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds provide for certain restrictions to the provisions and counterparties of 
derivative agreements. Such agreements may not include provisions on automatic termination of 
contracts upon the winding-up or resolution of the issuer, or similar insolvency events. Furthermore, 
counterparties to derivative agreements must be rated as qualifying for credit quality steps 1 or 2, as 
defined in Annex III of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1799 (as amended), by a registered or certified 
credit rating agency in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). Such rating 
must be in place at the beginning of the contract making process for the relevant derivative agreement 
and cover both the institutions short- and long-term ratings. However, issuers may with the prior 
approval of the FSA enter into derivative agreements with counterparties that do not meet the above 
criteria, if the FSA considers the counterparty sufficiently reliable to fulfil its obligations pursuant to 
the relevant derivative agreement.

--- Page 154 ---
142 
 
The Rules on Covered Bonds provide further detail on the Register. The register shall be kept in a 
secure manner and updated on a daily basis. The FSA shall have access to the Register. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds provide further detail on the obligations of the Independent Inspector to 
be appointed by the issuer. The Independent Inspector shall ensure that the register is properly 
maintained and updated and shall therefore verify that bonds and derivative agreements are correctly 
registered; only eligible assets and substitute collateral are included in the cover pool; the value of the 
assets registered in the cover pool and the valuation thereof is in accordance with the Icelandic Act on 
Covered Bonds and the Rules on Covered Bonds; that LTV calculations are correctly updated upon 
significant decrease in the market value of mortgaged assets; and that the coverage requirements are 
complied with. 
The Independent Inspector shall semi-annually provide the FSA with a written report regarding 
his/her surveillance, as further described in the Rules on Covered Bonds. Furthermore, the 
Independent Inspector shall as soon as possible notify the FSA should he/she become aware of any 
matters which could affect the FSA’s assessment of the issuer’s position in general. The Issuer has 
appointed an Independent Inspector pursuant to an agreement with Gunnar Ragnarsson. 
The Issuer’s Licence to Issue Covered Bonds 
On 10 January 2011, the Issuer applied to the FSA for a licence to issue the Covered Bonds under the 
Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the terms of such a licence, the Issuer would be able, 
from time to time, to issue Covered Bonds that entitle the holder to the benefit of a statutory preferred 
creditor status in respect of the assets contained in the Cover Pool in the event of the insolvency of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 155 ---
143 
 
9. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Name, incorporation and registration 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Íslandsbanki hf. The Issuer is a public limited company 
incorporated in Iceland on 14 October 2008. It is registered with the Register of Enterprises 
(Fyrirtækjaskrá Skattsins) in Iceland and bears the registration number 491008-0160. The registered 
office of the Issuer is at Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland, and the telephone number is +354 440 
4000. The Issuer’s homepage is: www.islandsbanki.is. The information on the Issuer’s website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer’s operations are subject to the provisions of the Act on Public Limited Companies No. 
2/1995 and the Act on Financial Undertakings. The Issuer is authorised to provide all financial 
services stipulated in the latter Act. Its activities are under the supervision of the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (FSA). 
History & development of the Issuer 
The Issuer traces its roots back to 1904 when the original Íslandsbanki hf. was founded as the first 
privately-owned bank in Iceland. Útvegsbanki Íslands took over Íslandsbanki’s operations in 1930 
and in 1990 Útvegsbanki Íslands, Alþýðubanki Íslands, Iðnaðarbanki Íslands and Verslunarbanki 
Íslands merged into Íslandsbanki hf. In 2000, Íslandsbanki hf. merged with The Icelandic Investment 
Bank (FBA), which itself was created through the merger of three state-owned credit funds, forming 
Íslandsbanki-FBA hf. As a result of the merger, the bank further solidified its connections with the 
corporate sector, particularly in the seafood industry. In the years 2000 to 2007, the bank expanded its 
business beyond Iceland by first lending to seafood enterprises in northern Europe and North 
America, and later through strategic acquisitions in the Nordic countries. In March 2006, the bank 
was rebranded as Glitnir banki hf. (all the aforementioned banks collectively referred to as Glitnir). 
Following the collapse of the Icelandic banking system in October 2008, by decree of the newly 
passed Act on the Authority for Treasury Disbursements due to Unusual Financial Market 
Circumstances etc. No. 125/2008, the Issuer assumed the domestic assets and liabilities of Glitnir 
while the remainder of Glitnir’s assets, which were mostly foreign assets, were left within Glitnir 
under the supervision of a Resolution Committee (Resolution Committee) which was appointed to 
maximise the recovery value of those assets for the benefit of its creditors. The Issuer, initially named 
New Glitnir Banki hf., reverted back to its previous brand name of Íslandsbanki hf. on 20 February 
2009.  
On 13 September 2009, Glitnir, on behalf of its creditors, and the Icelandic government reached an 
agreement on the settlement of assets and liabilities between the Issuer and Glitnir. Under the 
agreement the Resolution Committee acquired a 95 per cent. stake in the Issuer. Glitnir therefore 
assumed majority control of the Issuer and a new board of directors of the Issuer (the Board of 
Directors) was appointed on 25 January 2010. The 95 per cent. stake was owned by ISB Holding 
ehf., a holding company wholly owned by GLB Holding ehf., a subsidiary of Glitnir. In January 2016, 
Glitnir signed an agreement to deliver the 95 per cent. stake to the Icelandic government as a part of 
the estate’s stability contribution. The change was approved by the Competition Authority on 11 
March 2016.  
In June 2011 the Issuer announced that it had successfully won a public bid for the entire share capital 
of Byr hf., a local bank in Iceland. Byr hf. focused mainly on retail banking and was built on the 
foundation of an older savings bank which became insolvent in April 2010. The shares were acquired 
from the Byr hf.’s, savings bank winding up committee and the Icelandic government. The acquisition 
price was ISK 6.6 billion. The acquisition agreement was executed on 29 November 2011 and the

--- Page 156 ---
144 
 
acquisition was completed in the first quarter of 2012. In March 2011, the Issuer acquired all shares of 
the credit card company, Kreditkort hf. and on 27 March 2012 Kreditkort hf. was merged into the 
Issuer. 
Between 2017 and 2019, the Issuer underwent a digital transformation. In 2018, the Board approved 
an open banking strategy and the Issuer successfully replaced its core banking system, including an 
effective migration of an old legacy system to a global standardised core banking system for payments 
and deposits. 
In 2021, the Issuer's shares were admitted to trading on the Nasdaq Main Market in Iceland. 
Credit rating 
The Issuer has been assigned credit ratings by the rating agencies S&P and Moody's.  The rating 
Moody's has given in relation to the Issuer is endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH.  S&P and 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH are registered in the EU in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies (the Credit Rating Agency Regulation). S&P rates the Issuer BBB+ (long term debt) and 
A-2 (short term debt) with stable outlook.  Moody's rates the Issuer A3 (long term debt) with stable 
outlook. 
Business Overview 
The Issuer is an Icelandic bank headquartered in Iceland. Its primary market is Iceland.  
The Issuer is licensed as a commercial bank in Iceland, in accordance with Point 1 of Art. 4(1) of the 
Act on Financial Undertakings and offers comprehensive services to the retail and corporate sectors. 
The Issuer is one of Iceland’s three main banks and maintains a strong market share across the 
spectrum of banking services in the country. According to Capacent Gallup market surveys in 2022, 
the Issuer had approximately 31.1 per cent. of the market share in consumer banking, 36.3 per cent. of 
the market share in small to medium-sized enterprise banking and 35.5 per cent. of the market share 
of corporate & investment banking. The Issuer seeks to move Iceland forward by empowering its 
customers to succeed and prioritise sustainability as an integral driver of strategy and value creation. 
The Issuer's core values are passion, professionalism and collaboration. 76 per cent. of employees of 
the Issuer believe that the Issuer is a force of positive change and believe in the strategy of the Issuer. 
Employee satisfaction has been consistently high. 
The Issuer operates 12 branches, half of which are based around the Reykjavík metropolitan area. It 
also maintains a presence in larger municipalities across Iceland.  
The Issuer’s business lines are as follows: 
Personal Banking: provides customers with a comprehensive range of financial services, with strong 
emphasis on digital distribution channels. 
Business Banking: provides small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with comprehensive 
financial services. Ergo, the Issuer’s asset financing service, is also part of Business Banking 
Corporate & Investment Banking: offers a full range of financial and investment banking services to 
large companies, pension funds, municipalities, mutual funds, investors and affluent individuals. 
Personal Banking

--- Page 157 ---
145 
 
Personal Banking offers a full range of financial services for individuals and households, such as 
lending, savings and payments, with a particular focus on digital and self-service solutions. The 
Issuer’s customers are increasingly taking care of their day-to-day banking via digital solutions, such 
as mobile apps, online banking, and the secure web chat. Customers can also visit the Issuer’s 
efficient branch network for comprehensive consultancy services or contact the contact centre.   
Business Banking  
Business Banking provides comprehensive banking services and versatile banking products to SMEs, 
such as lending, savings products and payment solutions offered through business banking centres in 
Kópavogur and Akureyri, including 10 strategically located branches around Iceland and via online 
banking, and mobile apps. Additionally, the Issuer provides asset-based financing services through its 
separate brand, Ergo. The Business Banking contact centre is operated from Norðurturn, the 
headquarter branch. The Issuer has been a market leader within the SME market, with 36.3 per cent. 
market share in 2022 (source: Gallup) and has consistently scored highest in service amongst peers 
according to the same surveys. 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Corporate & Investment Banking provides services to large companies, municipalities, institutional 
investors, and high net worth individuals. The product and services offering is a comprehensive range 
of financial and investment banking services, including lending, securities and currency brokerage, 
corporate advisory services, private banking services and sales of hedging instruments. The division is 
focused on building and maintaining relationships across all industry divisions within Iceland. Outside 
of Iceland, the division has a special focus on the North Atlantic seafood industry, leveraging its 
expertise in the domestic market and global contacts. 
Support Divisions 
Finance 
The Finance division includes finance and accounting operations as well as treasury and financial 
institutions, back-office functions and investor relations. This division also manages and oversees 
shareholding in the Issuer’s subsidiaries.  
Risk Management  
The Issuer has an independent risk management function, Risk Management, headed by the Chief 
Risk Officer. Risk Management is responsible for ensuring efficient implementation of the Issuer’s 
risk strategy and policies, for verifying that the Issuer has efficient risk management processes in 
place and that each key risk that the Issuer faces is identified and properly managed by the relevant 
function.  
IT 
The IT division is responsible for the Issuer’s IT platform and systems and software development, 
including internet banking, websites, and its hardware, such as data centres, telephone systems, ATMs 
and personal computers.  
Compliance 
The Compliance division has an independent position within the Issuer’s organisational structure. The 
Compliance division’s function is to assist in managing compliance risk on a consolidated basis. 
Compliance risk is defined as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss, or loss

--- Page 158 ---
146 
 
of reputation that the Issuer may suffer because of its failure to comply with applicable laws, 
regulations, rules, related self-regulatory organisation standards, and codes of conduct. The 
Compliance division, in cooperation with Group Internal Audit, performs a special fit and proper test 
by gathering information via questionnaires and examinations to management and key employees. 
Group Internal Audit 
Group Internal Audit is an independent function headed by the Chief Audit Executive and is 
responsible for assessing whether the Group’s risk management, internal control framework 
(including internal policies) and governance processes are effective and efficient and whether they 
comply with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements. Group Internal Audit is not responsible 
for internal control or its implementation but provides the Group with independent objective 
assurance and consulting services designed to add value and improve the Group’s operations.  
The work of Group Internal Audit is performed in accordance with a risk-based audit plan approved 
by the Board’s Audit Committee. Group Internal Audit is furthermore responsible for internal 
investigations on suspected fraudulent activities. Group Internal Audit reports directly to the Board on 
its findings and suggestions for material improvements to the risk management, controls and 
governance processes. All audit recommendations are subject to a formal follow-up procedure by the 
appropriate levels of management to ensure and report their resolution. 
The Chief Audit Executive is appointed by the Board and reports directly to the Board. Group Internal 
Audit operates independently from other departments in accordance with Article 16 of the Act on 
Financial Undertakings. The responsibilities and authorisations of the Chief Audit Executive and 
Group Internal Audit are further outlined in the Group Internal Audit Charter. 
Regulatory and Tax Environment 
Capital Requirements and European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer’s capital management framework is based on CRD IV, which is an EU legislative package 
consisting of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced 
from time to time and Regulation 575/2013/EU (CRR). The enactment of the CRD IV Directive has 
been implemented into Icelandic law and has involved numerous amendments of the Act of Financial 
Undertakings. 
The CRR was enacted into Icelandic law by the entry into force of Regulation No. 233/2017 on 6 
March 2017, although Articles 500 and 501 of CRR, the latter one stipulating capital requirements 
deduction for credit risk on exposures to SMEs, came into effect on 1 January 2020 following the 
incorporation of CRR into the EEA Agreement. 
On 11 May 2021, the Parliament enacted an amendment to the Act on Financial Undertakings. The 
most notable amendments enable the Minister to implement Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 
(CRR II) and EU Regulation 2019/630 amending CRR. Moreover, the amendments enabled the 
Central Bank of Iceland to implement related secondary EU legislation based on technical standards, 
which have already been incorporated into the EEA Agreement. Those amendments entered into force 
on 28 June 2021. 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive or BRRD) entered into force. The purpose of the BRRD is to equip the relevant 
regulatory authorities with a range of powers so that they may intervene in an ailing or distressed

--- Page 159 ---
147 
 
entity so as to ensure its continuity and minimise any potential impact on the economy and financial 
system.  
BRRD has been implemented into Icelandic law by means of a combination of legislative acts. First, 
the passage of Act No. 54/2018, amending the Act on Financial Undertakings,implemented the BRRD 
provisions focusing on recovery plans and timely intervention to prevent an economic shock to 
financial institutions operating in Iceland.  
Second, the enactment of Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and 
Investment Firms (the Recovery and Resolution Act) further amended the Act on Financial 
Undertakings and implemented the parts of the BRRD that provide for the resolution process, from 
preventive measures and preparation, to decision-making and the implementation of each resolution. 
Under the Recovery and Resolution Act, the Central Bank of Iceland possesses powers of resolution 
and can take action and prepare and execute resolution procedures on behalf of credit institutions and 
investment firms.  
On 4 May 2021, the Parliament passed a bill that implements Directive 2017/2399/EU with regard to 
the position of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy and amends the Recovery and 
Resolution Act accordingly. The Act further implemented conformation amendments to the Act on 
Financial Undertakings and the Deposit Insurance Act. 
In addition, following the publication on 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU of (i) the 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 
amending the BRRD (the BRRD II) as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC and (ii) the Regulation (EU) 
2019/877, of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019, amending the Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation, as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms, a comprehensive legislative package has been produced 
which intends to reduce risks in the banking sector and the financial system, reinforce bank’s ability 
to withstand potential shocks and strengthen the banking union from 28 December 2020.  On 28 June 
2022, the Parliament passed a bill, amending the Act on Financial Undertakings implementing the 
remaining features of CRD IV, Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD V) and CRR II into Icelandic 
legislation.  Moreover, the bill implemented some provisions of the BRRD II in order to enable full 
implementation of the CRR II.  BRRD II was incorporated into the EEA Agreement by EEA Joint 
Committee Decision No 145/2022 and implemented into Icelandic law with Act No. 63/2023, 
amending the Recovery and Resolution Act. However, some technical provisions of the BRRD II 
have not been implemented into Icelandic law as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should consult their own advisers as to the consequences 
of the implementation of BRRD and BRRD II, CRD IV and the CRR, as well as further changes to 
capital adequacy and liquidity requirements in Iceland. 
Tax Environment 
The Issuer’s results of operations depend, to a certain extent, on tax laws and tax treaties or the 
interpretation thereof. 
In December 2010, the Icelandic Parliament passed the Act on Special Tax on Financial Undertakings 
under which certain types of financial institutions, including the Issuer, are required to pay an annual 
levy (the Bank Levy) of the carrying amount of their liabilities as determined for tax purposes. This 
levy was originally 0.041 per cent. but, in December 2011, a transitional provision was introduced 
under which financial institutions had to pay an additional 0.0875 per cent. of their tax base as 
assessed for the years 2012 and 2013. In 2013, the levy was increased and set at 0.376 per cent. of the

--- Page 160 ---
148 
 
total debt of the Issuer excluding tax liabilities in excess of ISK 50 billion at the end of the year. This 
levy remained unchanged until 1 January 2020 when it was reduced to 0.145 per cent. Non-financial 
subsidiaries are exempt from this tax. There can be no assurance that the levy will not be further 
increased.  
In June 2009, the Icelandic Parliament adopted an amendment to the ITA as a result of which 
payments of Icelandic sourced interest by an Icelandic debtor, such as the Issuer, to a foreign creditor, 
including holders of Covered Bonds who are not Icelandic, are taxable in Iceland at the current rate of 
12 per cent. for individuals and 13 per cent. for legal entities. However, individuals are not subject to 
taxation on interest income up to ISK 300,000 per year. This tax is applicable unless the foreign 
creditor can demonstrate and obtain approval from the Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland that 
an exemption applies, such as the existence of a relevant double taxation treaty, and in such case the 
provisions of the double tax treaty will apply. Notes issued by energy companies and certain financial 
institutions, including notes issued by the Issuer, are also subject to exemption. The exemption, 
subject to certain other requirements, applies to notes that are held through a clearing system, such as 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, within a member state of the OECD, the EEA, a founding 
member state of the EFTA or the Faroe Islands. 
In December 2011, the Icelandic Parliament passed the Act on Tax on Financial Activities, No. 
165/2011, under which certain types of financial institutions, including the Issuer, were required to 
pay a special additional tax levied on all remuneration paid to employees, with effect from 1 January 
2012. The levy is currently set at 5.5 per cent. of such remuneration. Additionally, Act No. 165/2011 
amended Article 71 of the ITA, regarding income tax of legal entities, and imposed a special 
additional income tax on legal entities liable for taxation according to Article 2 of Act No. 165/2011, 
which includes the Issuer. The levy is set at 6 per cent. on income over ISK 1 billion, disregarding 
joint taxation and transferable losses. The aforementioned taxes and levies placed on the Issuer 
increases the cost burden on the Issuer and subjects it to a competitive disadvantage relative to other 
competitors which are not subject to such taxes or levies. 
Organisational Structure 
As of 31 December 2023, the Icelandic government, through ISFI, holds 42.5 per cent. of the Issuer's 
share capital, see “Business Overview — Description of the Issuer — Major Shareholders”.  
The following chart illustrates the Issuer’s organisational structure: 
 
Figure 1: Organisational Structure 
B°ARD
RISK MANAGEMENT
Gudmundur Kristinn Birgisson
FINANCE
Ellert Hlodversson
COMPLIANCE
DIGITAL AND DATA
Barbara Inga Albertsddttir
Riaan Dreyer
INTERNAL AUDIT 
II— Mgjg
Agust Hrafnkelsson
ALLIANZ ICELAND
Porsteinn Egilsson
PERSONAL BANKING
6ldf J6nsd6ttir
1
BUSINESS BANKING
Una Steinsddttir
1
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING
Kristin Hronn Gudmundsdottir
CEO Office Rakel Asgeirsdottir
Human Resource and Internal Services Hafsteinn Bragason 
Legal T6mas Sigurdsson
Marketing and Communications Edda Hermannsdottir 
Strategy and Sustainability Kristrun Tinna Gunnarsdottir
ICELAND FUNDS
Kjartan Smari Hoskuldsson

--- Page 161 ---
149 
 
The table below lists the Issuer’s significant subsidiaries and the nature of their business as of 31 
December 2023:  
 
Subsidiary  
Ownership  Company Description 
Íslandssjóðir hf.  
100 
per 
cent. 
Investment fund management company 
Allianz Ísland hf.  
100 
per 
cent. 
Insurance agent 
and other non-significant 
subsidiaries 
 
 
Trend Information 
No material adverse changes have occurred in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last 
published audited financial statements. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of seven members. Two alternate members are also 
appointed. The Board of Directors appoints the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Audit 
Executive. The Chief Executive Officer appoints the Managing Directors of the Issuer. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and of the executive committee of the 
Issuer (the Executive Committee) is Íslandsbanki hf., Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland. 
Set forth below are the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors:  
Name 
Title 
Ms. Linda Jónsdóttir 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Agnar Tómas Möller 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Haukur Örn Birgisson 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Helga Hlín Hákonardóttir 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Stefán Pétursson 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Stefán Sigurðsson 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Valgerður Hrund Skúladóttir 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Linda Jónsdóttir (Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
Linda Jónsdóttir joined the Board in July 2023. Linda was the Chief Operating Officer of Marel hf. 
from 2022-2024, having been Chief Financial Officer 2014-2022 and Corporate Director of Treasury, 
Financing and Investor Relations from 2009-2014. Linda is an accomplished leader and has

--- Page 162 ---
150 
 
accumulated broad experience of management, finance, IT and operations through her various roles at 
Marel hf., a company with around 7500 employees in over 30 countries delivering annual revenues of 
EUR 1.7 billion. She also has extensive experience from the domestic sector through her prior roles at 
Icelandic companies like Eimskip hf., Burðarás and Straumur Investment bank. Today, Linda is a 
board member of the University of Iceland Science Park and has also been on the board of the Iceland 
Chamber of Commerce and the Iceland Enterprise Investment Fund. Linda has a MSc in Finance from 
Reykjavík University, a cand. oecon degree in Business Administration from University of Iceland, 
and is a licensed securities broker by the Icelandic Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs. 
Mr. Agnar Tómas Möller (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Agnar Tómas Möller joined the Board in March 2023. Agnar has an extensive experience of the 
financial market, especially the bond market. Currently an independent consultant, he previously 
worked for Kvika Asset Management hf. as bond fund manager from 2018-2022. From 2009 to 2018 
he worked at GAMMA Capital Management hf., also managing bond funds, and prior to that he 
worked in bond brokerage at Kaupþing bank hf. in 2006-2008. Agnar holds an MSc in Industrial 
Engineering from the University of Iceland and a BA in History from the same school. He is a 
director of ATM ehf. 
Mr. Haukur Örn Birgisson (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Haukur Örn Birgisson joined the Board in July 2023. Over the past two decades, Haukur has worked 
as an attorney, including as a self-employed attorney for 15 years. He has been an attorney at the 
Supreme Court since 2011. In his work, Haukur has protected the interests and provided advice to 
small and large companies, individuals, municipalities and foreign companies and tackled numerous 
legal issues and countless court proceedings. He has managed the operations of Iceland Legal, as 
owner and managing director, since the foundation of the law firm in 2008 until 2023. Since then he 
has been a partner at FIRMA Legal Services. Haukur holds a cand. jur. from the University of Iceland 
and is a Licensed Supreme Court Attorney. 
Ms. Helga Hlín Hákonardóttir (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Helga Hlín Hákonardóttir joined the Board in July 2023. Helga is a partner and consultant at 
Strategía. Helga founded and practiced as an attorney at Lixia law firm in the years 2011-2014. Helga 
was the co-founder and Managing Director of Legal at Saga Fjárfestingarbanki hf. in 2006-2011. 
Helga was an attorney at Straumur-Burðarás Investment Bank hf. from 2005-2006. Helga worked at 
Íslandsbanki hf. in the years 2000-2005 and as a financial markets lawyer at Fjárfestingarbanki 
Atvinnulífsins hf. in the years 1998-2000 and the Iceland Stock Exchange in the years 1996-1998. 
Helga is a member of the board of Rue de Net. Helga has been on the boards of mark.is as chairman, 
Verðbréfaþing Ísland as alternate, Skeljungur hf., Summa Rekstrarfélag hf., Greiðsluveitan, Icelandic 
Chamber of Commerce, Festi hf., Krónan hf., Vís hf. as chairman, Lífís as alternate, WOW air hf., 
Meniga Ltd. and on the The University Council of Akureyri University. Helga holds a cand. jur. from 
the University of Iceland, is a Licenced District Court Attorney and a securities broker licensed by the 
Icelandic Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs. 
Mr. Stefán Pétursson (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Stefán Pétursson joined the Board in July 2023. Stefán has extensive experience in the corporate and 
financial market, both as a manager and director. From 1992 to 2010 he worked for the National 
Power Company Landsvirkjun as funding manager, head of the finance department and CFO for the 
last eight years. As CFO, Stefán took an active part in formulating the company’s strategy, in addition 
to directing its profitability analyses, finances and funding. He was also on Landsvirkjun’s negotiation 
committee with large customers. From 2010 to 2021 Stefán was CFO of Arion Bank hf., where he 
played an important role in rebuilding the bank, formulating its new strategy and strengthening trust

--- Page 163 ---
151 
 
in the bank, both nationally and internationally. Stefán also had a key role in the public listing of 
Arion Bank hf. in Iceland and Sweden and its sale to domestic and foreign investors. Since 2022, 
Stefán has worked as CFO of the drug development company EpiEndo Pharmaceuticals ehf. The 
company, which is owned by domestic and foreign investors, is working on the development of a drug 
to treat emphysema which is in phase 2 clinical trials. Stefán has considerable experience of board 
work, as he was Chairman of the Board of the savings bank Afl sparisjóður ses. and a director of 
Valitor hf., Landfestar ehf., Landey ehf., TIF and other entities. He also served on the Board of the 
Iceland Chamber of Commerce, is a member of project management of the ÍL fund and on the Board 
of Margildi ehf. Stefán holds a cand. oecon. degree in Business Administration from the University of 
Iceland and an MBA degree from Babson College in Boston. 
Mr. Stefán Sigurðsson (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Stefán Sigurðsson joined the Board in March 2024. Sigurður has worked in the financial sector for 
most of his career. He has an extensive experience in the operation of banks and the activities of 
financial undertakings, as he has worked as Managing Director of Wealth Management at 
Íslandsbanki in the years 2008-2014 as a member of the bank’s Executive Committee, Executive 
Director and later Managing Director of Strategic Development at Glitnir and before that as Associate 
of Corporate Finance at Glitnir in Denmark. He also served as Senior Trader at Íslandsbanki in 1998-
2000. Stefán also has comprehensive knowledge of management and strategic planning and was the 
CEO of SÝN hf. (Vodafone Iceland) in the years 2014-2019. He has vast experience as a manager in 
implementing strategic changes among senior management and other employees. He is currently 
based in Denmark and works on own projects and as an independent advisor. Stefán currently is 
Chairman of the Board at Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands hf., and a board member of FÓLK Reykjavík 
ehf., Isavia ANS ehf., North Ventures ehf. and North Ranga ehf. He has served as board member at 
Iceland’s Chamber of Commerce and Island Fund S.A. in Luxemburg. Stefán has an MSc in 
Economics from the University of Copenhagen and a BSc in Economics from the University of 
Iceland. 
Ms. Valgerður Hrund Skúladóttir (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Valgerður Hrund Skúladóttir joined the Board in March 2024. Valgerður has worked in IT for the past 
30 years. She is the founder of Sensa, an IT services company, and its managing director since its 
inception (2002). Prior to that she was, among other things, managing director of corporate sales and 
infrastructure solutions at Tæknival. She has served as director of the IT companies Staki Automation 
and Talenta, Siminn DK and Sensa A/S and is currently a director of the fintech company Memento 
and Erit ehf. She sat on the board of Íslandsbanki, Confederation of Icelandic Employers, the 
Federation of Icelandic Industries and on its Intellectual Property Council, served as Chairman of the 
Board for the Federation of IT companies (SUT) and is currently a board member of the Reykjavik 
Forestry Association and an alternate board member of the Board of the Classical Dance School and 
Business Iceland. Valgerður has a CSc in Electrical Engineering from the University of Iceland and 
an MBA from the University of Miami.The alternate members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors are 
as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Ms. Herdís Gunnarsdóttir  
Alternate Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Páll Grétar Steingrímsson 
Alternate Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Herdís Gunnarsdóttir (Alternate Member of the Board of Directors)

--- Page 164 ---
152 
 
Herdís Gunnarsdóttir is the CEO of the Quality and Supervisory Agency of Welfare. Herdís holds an 
MBA from the University of Iceland and an MSc and BSc in nursing from the University of Iceland. 
Mr. Páll Grétar Steingrímsson (Alternate Member of the Board of Directors) 
Páll Grétar Steingrímsson is an independent consultant, director at Skrifstofuþjónusta Austurlands ehf. 
and serves as an external member of the Issuer’s Audit Committee. Páll holds a cand. oecon. in 
Business Administration from the University of Iceland and is a Chartered Accountant. 
Nomination Committee 
In accordance with the Issuer’s Articles of Association, the Issuer operates a nomination committee 
(the Nomination Committee) whose role is to nominate individuals to the Issuer’s Board of Directors 
at the Annual General Meeting, or as the case may be at a shareholders’ meeting where elections for 
the Board of Directors are on the agenda. The members of the Nomination Committee shall be three, 
elected for one year at a time by the Board of Directors. The committee shall be independent in its 
work and the majority of the committee’s members shall be independent of the company and its 
senior management. The Nomination Committee consists of Helga Valfells, as Chairman, Linda 
Jónsdóttir, Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Hilmar Garðar Hjaltason. Along with the Issuer’s 
Nomination Committee, ISFI operates a special three-member Selection Committee which, on behalf 
of the state, nominates candidates for the supervisory boards or boards of directors of banks or 
undertakings that are managed by ISFI. According to the Relationship Agreement between the Issuer 
and the ISFI, the Issuer’s Nomination Committee and the ISFI Selection Committee shall ensure that 
when the Board of Directors is elected, the candidates for election to the Board of Directors meet the 
requirements on composition according to law, both as concerns breadth of experience as well as 
gender representation. The Rules of Procedure of the Issuer’s Nomination Committee are published 
on the Issuer’s website. 
Senior Management 
The Executive Committee consists of the following members: 
Mr. Jón Guðni Ómarsson, Chief Executive Officer  
Jón Guðni Ómarsson has served as Chief Executive Officer since June 2023. From 2011 until he was 
appointed CEO, Jón Guðni served as Chief Financial Officer of Íslandsbanki. Jón Guðni was Head of 
Treasury at the Issuer from 2008-2011. He has had various other roles within the Issuer and its 
predecessors, including advising customers on hedging strategies and leading arrangements and 
participations in syndicated loans. He also worked as an ALM consultant at SunGard in Boston. Jón 
Guðni holds a BSc degree in Industrial Engineering and an MSc degree in Quantitative and 
Computational Finance (QCF) from Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta. Jón Guðni has an 
AMP from Harvard Business School. Jón Guðni is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and a 
securities broker licensed by the Icelandic Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs. Jón Guðni has 
been with Íslandsbanki and its predecessors since 2000. 
Mr. Ellert Hlöðversson, Chief Financial Officer 
Ellert Hlöðversson has served as Chief Financial Officer since January 2024. Ellert has extensive 
experience in the financial markets and has been with Íslandsbanki since 2010, most recently as 
Executive Director of the Issuer’s Corporate Finance. Prior to that he served as Executive Director of 
Íslandsbanki’s Securities Brokerage and a director within the Issuer’s Corporate Finance team, where 
he led many of the largest advisory roles which the Issuer engaged in, including mergers and 
integration of companies as well as various kinds of financing transactions. Ellert holds a BSc degree

--- Page 165 ---
153 
 
in Electrical Engineering and MSc degree in Financial Engineering from the University of Iceland and 
is a securities broker licensed by the Icelandic Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs. 
Ms. Barbara Inga Albertsdóttir, Chief Compliance Officer 
Barbara Inga Albertsdóttir has served as Chief Compliance Officer since November 2023. Barbara 
previously served as Global Head of Regulatory Change at Deutsche Bank, where she was responsible 
for managing regulatory changes where the focus was on analysing the opportunities the changes 
would have on the Issuer's operations. Barbara has also worked for Wells Fargo and both the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority as well as the Financial Supervisory Authority in Iceland. Barbara has 
i.a. worked on transformation management within Íslandsbanki. Barbara has a bachelor’s degree and a 
M.L. degree in Law from the University of Iceland and an LLM in International Financial Law from 
King’s College London. Barbara has been with Íslandsbanki since 2023. 
Mr. Guðmundur Kristinn Birgisson, Chief Risk Officer 
Guðmundur Kristinn Birgisson has served as Chief Risk Officer since October 2018. He joined 
Íslandsbanki in 2011 as Executive Director of Risk Monitoring where he oversaw the implementation 
of the Issuer’s Operational Risk Management Framework and monitoring of the execution of credit 
processes. From 2017 until he was appointed CRO, Guðmundur served as Executive Director of 
Lending in the Issuer’s Personal Banking Division. Guðmundur has a wide range of professional 
experience and has for example served as Assistant Professor of Mathematics Education and Dean of 
Undergraduate Studies at the Iceland University of Education. Guðmundur holds a PhD. degree in 
Mathematics Education from Indiana University and a BA in Philosophy and Science from the 
University of Iceland. He has been with Íslandsbanki since 2011. 
Ms. Kristín Hrönn Guðmundsdóttir, Managing Director of Corporate & Investment Banking  
Kristín Hrönn Guðmundsdóttir has over 20 years’ experience as a manager in financial markets. 
Kristín Hrönn led the Sales and Services team within CIB from 2013 to 2019 when she assumed the 
role of Executive Director of Finance, Operations and Strategic planning within CIB. She has further 
served as a member of the Issuer’s Credit Committees, Asset and Liability Committee and Investment 
Council. Kristín Hrönn has wide-ranging experience in Leveraged and Structured Finance and Private 
Equity both locally and in the London market. Kristin Hrönn holds a bachelor’s degree in Economics 
from the University of Iceland, has completed an AMP Management Programme from IESE Business 
School in Barcelona and is a securities broker licensed by the Icelandic Ministry of Finance and 
Economic Affairs. She has been with Íslandsbanki since 2008. 
Mr. Riaan Dreyer, Managing Director of Digital and Data 
Riaan Dreyer has served as Managing Director of Information Technology since September 2019. He 
has been in various Chief Information Officer roles in South Africa, most notably Standard Bank and 
Liberty Life, before he relocated to Iceland in 2016. He then joined Meniga within the Engineering 
space after which he joined Arion as the Head of Development. Riaan holds a master’s degree in 
Information Technology from the University of Pretoria, South Africa in addition to bachelor degrees 
in Actuarial Science and Economics. He has also completed the Advanced Management Programme 
from IESE, Barcelona. He has been with Íslandsbanki since 2019. 
Ms. Ólöf Jónsdóttir, Managing Director of Personal Banking 
Ólöf Jónsdóttir has served as Managing Director of Personal Banking since February 2024. Ólöf has 
extensive experience in the financial markets. She was Managing Director of Commercial Banking at 
Kvika banki hf. and held various different management positions within Kvika banki where she led 
the innovation and development of fintech solutions. Prior to that she worked for Auður Capital and

--- Page 166 ---
154 
 
Virðing from 2008 until its merger with Kvika banki. Ólöf has a BSc in Mechanical- and Industrial 
Engineering from the University of Iceland and an MSc in Operations Research and Analytics from 
London School of Economics. Ólöf is a securities broker licensed by the Icelandic Ministry of 
Finance and Economic Affairs. Ólöf has been with Íslandsbanki since 2024. 
Ms. Una Steinsdóttir, Managing Director of Business Banking 
Una Steinsdóttir has served as Managing Director of Business Banking since May 2017. She joined 
Íslandsbanki in 1991 and has a broad background from varied divisions within the Issuer. Una was 
Managing Director of Retail Banking from October 2008 until May 2017, Managing Director of the 
Issuer’s branch network from 2007-2008, and Keflavík Branch Manager from 1999. Prior to that she 
held various positions in the Issuer’s International Banking division, loan supervision and service 
management. Una holds a cand. oecon. degree in Business Administration from the University of 
Iceland and has completed an AMP management programme from IESE, Barcelona. She has been 
with Íslandsbanki and its predecessors since 1991. 
Potential Conflict of Interest 
The Issuer has identified the following as a possible conflict of interest situation: 
 
Herdís Gunnarsdóttir is not considered independent of the Issuer and its major shareholders 
on account of her employment with the Icelandic government which is a large shareholder of 
the Issuer. 
Besides this situation, no member of the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee has any 
private interest that might conflict with the Issuer’s interests. 
The Issuer’s Conflict of Interest policy promotes adherence to applicable laws and regulations and 
sets out the principles for the identification and appropriate and reasonable management of conflicts 
of interest.  
Moreover, the Issuer’s Code of Conduct is intended to promote sound governance practices within the 
Issuer and to support the regulatory framework applying to its activities. It contains important 
guidelines for employees, including measures to prevent conflicts of interest. 
Major Shareholders 
As of 31 December 2023, the Icelandic state, through the ISFI, held 42.5 per cent. of the Issuer’s 
share capital (42.9 per cent. when calculated by excluding treasury shares held by the Issuer).  
As of 31 December 2023, each of the following shareholders own more than 3 per cent. of the Issuer’s 
shares: 
Shareholder 
% of Bank’s Share Capital 
ISFI 
42.50% 
LSR Pension Fund  
8% 
Gildi Pension Fund  
7.9%  
Live Pension Fund 
6.3%

--- Page 167 ---
155 
 
Capital Group 
5.6% 
Brú Pension Fund 
3.3% 
Voting Rights 
Each share carries one vote. Accordingly, all shareholders have voting rights in proportion to their 
percentage of share ownership. 
Direct or Indirect Control by Individual Shareholders 
Other than ISFI, the Issuer is not aware of any individual shareholder or group of connected 
shareholders who directly or indirectly control the Issuer. At the date of this Base Prospectus there are 
no arrangements known to the Issuer the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change of control of the Issuer. According to the Icelandic State Budget for the year 2024, the 
Icelandic state intends to sell its share in the Issuer in full over the next two years, the first half in the 
year 2024 and the remainder in the year 2025. The ISFI is a separate state body under the Minister of 
Finance and Economic Affairs and manages the government’s holdings in financial undertakings. In 
2022, the Icelandic state announced its intention to propose the abolishment of the ISFI to the 
Icelandic legislator and implementing a new system for the management of the state’s holdings in 
financial undertakings. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no action to this effect has been taken. The 
ISFI manages its holdings in the Issuer in accordance with applicable law, good administrative and 
business practices and the government’s ownership policy for financial undertakings at each time. The 
government’s ownership policy is based on Article 44 of the act No. 123/2015 on public finances and 
Article 1 of Act No. 88/2009 on the ISFI.   
Financial Information 
IFRS 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2023 were prepared in accordance with the IFRS as adopted by the European 
Union.  
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 were audited by 
Deloitte ehf., Dalvegur 30, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland. The consolidated financial statements as of and 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 were audited by Ernst & Young ehf., which voluntarily 
relinquished its license in December 2023. Geir Steindórsson was the Issuer’s auditor on behalf of 
Deloitte ehf. He is a member of the Institute of State Authorized Public Accountants in Iceland. 
Age of latest financial statement 
The latest audited consolidated financial statements are for the year as of and ended 31 December 
2023 and were published on 8 February 2024. 
To the Issuer´s best knowledge, no significant changes have occurred in the financial position of the 
Issuer since the end of the last financial period.  
Explanatory Notes

--- Page 168 ---
156 
 
Detailed information regarding the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated 
statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows are accessible in the 
explanatory notes in the relevant financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus.  
Selected Financial Information 2022 and 2023 
The following is a summary of the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. This information should be read together with each 
consolidated financial statement due to changes in methodology between years. The Issuer’s 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2023 can be found on the Issuer´s website: https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-
relations. The Issuer's profit as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to ISK 24,585 
million, which corresponded to a 11.3 per cent. return on equity. Total equity amounted to ISK 
224,693 million as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023. The Issuer's total capital ratio, 
calculated according to the Act on Financial Undertakings, was 25.3 per cent. and its Tier 1 ratio was 
22.5 per cent. in excess of both internal and regulatory requirements. The Issuer’s total assets 
amounted to ISK 1,583 billion as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023.  
The Issuer's profit as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to ISK 24,535 million, 
which corresponded to a 11.8 per cent. return on equity. Total equity amounted to ISK 218,874 
million as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Issuer's total capital ratio, calculated 
according to the Act on Financial Undertakings, was 22.2 per cent. and its Tier 1 ratio was 19.8 per 
cent. The Issuer's total assets amounted to ISK 1,566 billion as of and for the year ended 31 December 
2022.

--- Page 169 ---
157 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
ISK million 
2023
2022
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate 
method 
126,095
87,671
Other interest income 
11,047
6,342
Interest expense 
(88,531)
(50,887)
Net interest income 
48,611
43,126
Fee and commission income 
18,591
17,630
Fee and commission expense 
(4,357)
(3,577)
Net fee and commission income 
14,234
14,053
Net financial income (expense) 
241
(1,257)
Net foreign exchange gain 
581
881
Other operating income 
570
433
Other net operating income 
1,392
57
Total operating income 
64,237
57,236
Salaries and related expenses 
(15,003)
(13,452)
Other operating expenses 
(11,740)
(10,166)
Administrative fine 
(860)
(300)
Contribution to the Depositors' and Investors' Guarantee Fund 
-
(165)
Bank tax 
(1,871)
(1,858)
Total operating expenses 
(29,474)
(25,941)
Profit before net impairment on financial assets 
34,763
31,295
Net impairment on financial assets 
(1,015)
1,576
Profit before tax 
33,748
32,871
Income tax expense 
(9,198)
(8,485)
Profit for the period from continuing operations 
24,550
24,386
Discontinued operations held for sale, net of income tax 
35
149
Profit for the period 
24,585
24,535

--- Page 170 ---
158 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
ISK million 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with Central Bank 
87,504 
94,424 
Loans to credit institutions 
73,475 
110,364 
Bonds and debt instruments 
161,342 
130,804 
Derivatives 
5,776 
7,461 
Loans to customers 
1,223,426 
1,186,639 
Shares and equity instruments 
13,241 
15,868 
Investments in associates 
4,051 
3,844 
Property and equipment 
6,562 
6,752 
Intangible assets 
2,930 
3,279 
Other assets 
3,638 
6,072 
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
749 
782 
Total Assets 
1,582,694 
1,566,235 
Deposits from Central Bank and credit institutions 
16,149 
15,269 
Deposits from customers 
850,709 
789,897 
Derivative instruments and short positions 
5,090 
10,804 
Debt issued and other borrowed funds 
417,573 
468,270 
Subordinated loans 
38,155 
34,392 
Tax liabilities 
13,107 
12,128 
Other liabilities 
17,218 
16,601 
Non-current liabilities and disposal groups held for sale 
- 
- 
Total Liabilities 
1,358,001 
1,347,361 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital 
9,898 
10,000 
Share premium 
55,000 
55,000 
Reserves 
5,083 
9,158 
Retained earnings 
154,712 
144,716 
Total Shareholder's Equity 
224,693 
218,874 
Non-controlling interests 
- 
- 
Total Equity 
224,693 
218,874 
Total Liabilities and Equity 
1,582,694 
1,566,235

--- Page 171 ---
159 
 
 
Risk Management 
The Issuer is exposed to various risks. The management of these risks is an integral part of the 
Issuer’s operations. The ultimate responsibility for ensuring an adequate risk management framework 
lies with the Issuer’s Board of Directors. The Issuer’s Board of Directors defines and communicates 
the acceptable level of risk through the Issuer’s risk management policies. The Issuer’s risk 
management framework and policies are discussed under Note 45 in the 2023 Financial Statements, 
which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 172 ---
160 
 
10. 
COVER POOL 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of the Covered Bonds have been duly authorised 
by resolutions of the meetings of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 23 March 2010, 1 
December 2010, 25 October 2011, 10 May 2017, 21 March 2018, 6 May 2020, 11 March 2021, 10 
February 2022, and 4 April 2023. 
Composition 
The composition of the Cover Pool may vary from time to time but shall always fulfil the 
requirements laid down in any applicable FSA licence to issue the Covered Bonds. Information 
relating to the type of assets (and where relevant, their location) that make up the Cover Pool will be 
provided quarterly, no later than 30 days from the end of each quarter, on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations. For the avoidance of doubt and in 
accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool, and any proceeds derived therefrom, will 
be kept separate from the Issuer’s other assets at all times in the Register, and thus there will be no 
commingling of the relevant underlying assets. 
In respect to the loans to be included in the Cover Pool, the Issuer will include, amongst others, loans 
secured by mortgages over residential properties located in Iceland. However, other non-loan assets 
may be included in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds and any applicable licence issued by 
the FSA. See "Cover Pool – composition of assets" on page 133 of this Base Prospectus further 
details.  
The Issuer may enter into certain derivative contracts for the purpose of hedging risks between assets 
in the Cover Pools and the Covered Bonds. The Issuer will maintain an Overcollateralisation level of 
at least 5 per cent relating to the Covered Bonds.  It is the opinion of the Issuer that the 
Overcollateralisation will be sufficient to manage the market risk of the Cover Pool and to enable the 
Covered Bonds to obtain and maintain an acceptable rating. Overcollateralisation is limited to 30 per 
cent. of the aggregate value of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in accordance 
with the FSA’s requirements for a Covered Bond licence. 
Origination 
The Mortgages in the original Cover Pool were primarily originated by the Issuer’s predecessor, 
Glitnir. By decision of the FSA dated 14 October 2008 all assets of Glitnir were allocated to the 
Issuer. All mortgages are owned, maintained and serviced by the Issuer. Other Mortgages going 
forward may be originated by the Issuer or separately acquired by the issuer. 
Proceeds 
All proceeds derived from the Mortgages will be allocated to an account by the Issuer, which is 
separated from the Issuer´s other assets and accounts (the Proceeds Account). The Proceeds Account 
will form a part of the Register, as further described in this Base Prospectus ("Summary of Icelandic 
Legislation relating to Covered Bonds"). The Proceeds Account will be monitored by the Issuer and 
will eventually contain amounts that at a minimum are sufficient to pay an amount equal to 3 months 
forward looking accrued interest (Minimum Account Amount). After such date any proceeds 
exceeding the Minimum Account Amount can be allocated at the discretion of the Issuer, subject to 
the approval of the Independent Inspector as further described below, provided that any such 
allocation would not affect the Overcollateralisation.

--- Page 173 ---
161 
 
Independent Inspector Agreement 
According to a letter of approval dated 15 January 2024 the FSA has approved the Issuer‘s 
appointment of Gunnar Ragnarsson, Id.no. 160870-5839, Naustavör 16, 200 Kópavogur, a certified 
public accountant and partner at KPMG ehf. in Iceland as the Independent Inspector of the 
Programme in accordance with Chapter VIII. of the Act on Covered Bonds and the Rules (the 
Independent Inspector). The appointment was concluded by an agreement dated 31 January 2024 
between the Issuer and the Independent Inspector (the Independent Inspector Agreement). The 
principal duties of the Independent Inspector is the carrying out of the supervision set out in Chapter 
VIII of the Act on Covered Bonds and the Rules, including inter alia the maintenance of the Register 
in accordance with Chapter VI of the Act on Covered Bonds, verifying the collateral for bonds in a 
Cover Pool is based on proper methodology and provide the FSA with information obtained in the 
course of his work as frequently and in such form as the FSA may decide, or above and beyond that if 
exceptional circumstance so warrant. The Independent Inspector Agreement is governed by Icelandic 
law. 
Independent Inspector’s Oversight 
As further described in this Base Prospectus, the Register will be monitored by the Independent 
Inspector in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. The Independent Inspector must ensure that 
a Register is maintained, as described above, and verify that the valuation of collateral for bonds in 
the Cover Pool is based on proper methodology.  
Derivative Contracts 
General 
The Act on Covered Bonds allows the inclusion of derivative contracts in the Cover Pool. Such 
derivative contracts can be entered into in order to hedge interest rate, exchange rate or liquidity risks. 
According to the requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds, any such derivative contract can only be 
entered into with i) the Icelandic State; i) member state; iii) municipality in a member state; iv) central 
bank in a member state; or v) other party deemed sufficiently solid to fulfil the obligations involved in 
the contract. 
In addition, pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds, the Register of assets within the Cover Pool shall, 
in relation to each derivative contract, identify the type of agreement and individual number, 
counterparty, nominal value, currency, interest terms, value of the net claim or net debt, as well as the 
start and expiry date of the agreement. 
Currency Exchange Risk 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds or a part of the Cover Pool is denominated in a currency 
other than ISK, the Issuer shall enter into derivative contracts for the purpose of hedging any net 
currency exchange risk. The market value of cross currency swaps will fluctuate with exchange rates. 
Such market value fluctuations will be managed according to a Credit Support Annex (see below). 
The Issuer also has the option to reverse existing swaps and enter into new ones at current exchange 
rates.

--- Page 174 ---
162 
 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to assets within the Cover Pool may be managed through 
the derivative contracts. Interest rate swaps may be entered into with a hedge counterparty relating to 
both the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
Under derivative contracts, with respect to interest rate hedging on the fixed rate Cover Pool, on a 
monthly basis the Issuer may enter into contract with a hedge counterparty to hedge on a net risk basis 
the fluctuations in the relevant assets held by the Issuer and which are included in the Cover Pool on 
the relevant date and with regards to the interest rate payable on the Covered Bonds with regards to 
the interest rate on the Mortgages contained in the Cover Pool.  
Downgrade in Rating of Hedge Counterparty 
Under the terms of the proposed derivative contracts to be entered into with the hedge counterparty, if 
the applicable short term rating of any hedge counterparty falls below “A2” by S&P (or, if applicable, 
the equivalent rating assigned by Fitch or Moody's) or the applicable long term rating of any hedge 
counterparty falls below “BBB” by S&P (or, if applicable, the equivalent rating assigned by Fitch or 
Moody's) at any time, the hedge counterparty will be required to take certain remedial measures 
which may include: (i) providing collateral for its obligations under the derivative contract; (ii) 
terminate the derivative contract and arrange for its obligations under the derivative contracts to be 
transferred to an entity with the ratings required by the relevant rating agency; or (iii) procuring 
another entity with the ratings required by the relevant rating agency to become co-obligor in respect 
of its obligations under the derivative contracts. 
Restrictions on Use of Derivative Contracts 
The Issuer uses derivatives in the Cover Pool, including the swaps described above, strictly for 
hedging purposes and these are designated as hedging instruments. Derivatives are not used in trading 
activities or for speculative purposes. 
Under rules made under the Act on Covered Bonds, the Issuer is required to fix a limit on interest risk 
in relation to its own funds and potential losses resulting from 1 per cent. parallel shift in all interest 
rate curves.  
In respect of assets within the Cover Pool, the Issuer complies with the currency coverage 
requirements set out in the Rules made under the Act on Covered Bonds and provisions applicable to 
cover assets derivative contracts. 
Origination Criteria 
All loans, in the Cover Pool, were at the time of lending (or at the time of restructuring, if applicable), 
if not otherwise specifically mentioned, subject to the following various conditions (the Origination 
Criteria) being satisfied on the relevant date: 
(a) 
no loan relates to a Property which is not a residential property;  
(b) 
all of the borrowers of each respective loan are individuals and were aged 18 years or older at 
the date of entering into the relevant loan and its related Mortgage;  
(c) 
each loan is denominated in ISK;  
(d) 
prior to the making of each advance under a loan, the requirements of the relevant standard 
documentation were met, so far as applicable to that loan;

--- Page 175 ---
163 
 
(e) 
each loan complies fully with the Consumer Credit Act No. 121/1994;  
(f) 
the whole of the outstanding principal balance on each loan and any arrears of interest and all 
accrued interest is secured by a Mortgage;  
(g) 
each loan and its Mortgage is valid and binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms;  
(h) 
insurance cover for each Property is or will at all times be available under a policy arranged 
by the borrower in accordance with the relevant Mortgage conditions; and 
(i) 
prior to the making of each advance under a loan, the above Origination Criteria and all 
preconditions to the making of that loan were satisfied in all material respects subject only to 
exceptions as would be acceptable to a reasonable, prudent mortgage lender, 
where:  
Cover Pool means the pool of eligible assets recorded in the Register maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds; 
Mortgage means each mortgage loan referenced by its mortgage loan identifier number and 
comprising the aggregate of all principal sums, interest, costs, charges, expenses and other moneys 
due or owing with respect to that mortgage loan under the relevant mortgage terms by a borrower to 
the Issuer on the security of a Mortgage from time to time outstanding or, as the context may require, 
the borrower's obligations in respect of the same, and eligible to be added to the Cover Pool; and 
Property means a residential property in Iceland which is subject to a Mortgage.

--- Page 176 ---
164 
 
11. 
THE ICELANDIC ECONOMY 
Following the rapid upswing in the Icelandic economy beginning in the middle of the first decade of 
the 21st century, the economy experienced a banking and currency crisis in the second half of 2008. 
The gross domestic product (GDP) contracted considerably during the next two years, the value of 
assets deteriorated, real wages declined and unemployment rose. However, the Icelandic economy 
subsequently enjoyed a period of robust GDP growth in 2011-2019 and, despite a temporary setback 
due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, currently has a GDP per capita among the highest in the 
world.  
The Icelandic economy has a history of considerable volatility. The source of such volatility has 
historically been the fisheries industry, which is one of two main goods export sectors along with 
aluminium smelting. The business cycle, therefore, has been linked to fish catch volumes and 
fluctuations in the prices of marine products on foreign markets. The development of power-intensive 
industry, which plays a considerable role in export activities, has also been the cause of some 
volatility. The business cycle of the first decade of the 21st century was partly driven by investments 
in this sector. However, these fluctuations can, to a greater extent, be attributed to systemic changes in 
the domestic financial market, which in a short period of time evolved from a capital controlled 
financial market with fixed exchange rates to an open financial market with a floating exchange rate 
and large international privately-run financial institutions. The currency and banking crisis was 
therefore preceded by the classical antecedents to a crisis of such kind and was sparked by the 
international financial crisis that prevailed at the time. 
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) approached the Icelandic government at the end of 2008 with 
the promise of a credit facility in exchange for a letter of intent from the Icelandic government 
agreeing to changes in the Icelandic economy in three main areas: fiscal policy, the activities of 
financial institutions and stability of the foreign exchange market. Despite some initial delays, the 
Stand-by Agreement with the IMF came to an end on 26 August 2011. The Icelandic Parliament 
imposed capital controls in 2011 pursuant to Act No. 87/1992 on Foreign Exchange (FEA) in order to 
prevent serious difficulties with regard to Iceland’s balance of payments and to stabilise the króna 
exchange rate. On 14 March 2017, Rules no. 200/2017 on Currency Exchange took effect, granting a 
general exemption from the restriction set forth in the FEA and effectively lifting the capital controls 
that had previously been in place. The FEA was replaced with Act No. 70/2021 on Foreign Exchange 
which lifted the capital controls by law. The last remaining limitations on derivatives involving króna 
were lifted in 2021.  
The Icelandic economy enjoyed a period of continuous robust growth from 2011 until year-end 2019. 
Consumption, investment and exports all grew at a brisk pace and real wages and real residential 
house prices rose considerably during that period. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic led to a 6.8 
per cent. decline in real GDP in 2020, mostly due to a sharp fall in exports. On the other hand, 
national expenditure fell by a more moderate 1.8 per cent. in 2020 and the current account remained 
in surplus as a fall in imports offset the contraction in exports to a degree. In the year 2021 GDP 
growth measured 4.5 per cent. in real terms, subsequently rising to 7.2 per cent. in 2022. GDP growth 
in 2023 to the end of September was at a rate of 4.2 per cent. as the economy transitioned to post-
expansion adjustment phase. 
After a period of inflation remaining close to the Central Bank of Iceland’s inflation target between 
the first quarter of 2014 and the third quarter of 2018, inflation temporarily increased above the target 
as the ISK depreciated and domestic cost pressures remained considerable. After falling back to 
inflation target levels in late 2019, inflation again rose in 2020 following a depreciation in the 
Icelandic Krona due to the impact of the pandemic. The rise in inflation continued throughout the 
subsequent years, with inflation peaking at 10.2 per cent. in February 2023 before abating to 7.7 per 
cent. by year-end 2023. The Central Bank of Iceland decreased its main policy rate from 4.5 per cent.

--- Page 177 ---
165 
 
as of the first quarter of 2019 to 0.75 per cent. as of the fourth quarter of 2020 to counter the adverse 
economic impact of the pandemic. The Central Bank has also employed a range of additional policy 
instruments to mitigate the pandemic impact, including foreign exchange market interventions and 
liquidity measures in the financial sector. From May 2021, the Central Bank embarked on a rate hike 
process to counter adverse inflation developments and normalise real interest rates in line with the 
improving economic outlook. As of year-end 2023, the Central Bank’s policy rate had been raised to 
9.25 per cent. 
Despite brisk economic growth in the period preceding the COVID-19 pandemic and a decline in 
GDP during the early phase of the pandemic, the total debt ratios of households, corporates and the 
public sector remained relatively robust compared to GDP following a substantial decline in debt 
ratios earlier in the decade. As the economy has recovered, the debt ratios of the three main economic 
sectors have declined once more to pre-pandemic levels. Furthermore, Iceland’s external debt position 
has improved vastly, with external assets exceeding external liabilities by around 31 per cent. of GDP 
as of the end of the third quarter of 2023 after decades of substantial net negative international 
investment position. The main reason for this economic development is an exceptionally rapid growth 
in Iceland’s tourist sector, which in recent years has been the country’s largest export sector. 
Moreover, business investment rose substantially around mid-decade, particularly in export sectors 
such as tourism and energy. The final years of the last decade saw a moderate fall in business 
investment before a healthy rebound in 2021-2022, followed by moderate growth in the year 2023 to 
September.

--- Page 178 ---
166 
 
12. 
THE ICELANDIC HOUSING MARKET  
A relatively typical price bubble formed in the Icelandic housing market around the middle of the first 
decade of the 21st century, fuelled by easier access to credit, a rapid increase in real wages and 
expectations of further property value increases. The economy experienced a vast upswing during this 
period, which was driven by, among other things, the recent privatisation and regulation in the 
financial market. A large quantity of residential housing was built during this period because the 
market prices of residential property considerably outweighed building costs.  
Historically, a large proportion of Icelandic households have owned the houses they have lived in, i.e. 
around four out of five. The rental market, on the other hand, has been relatively small when 
compared to many other economies although recent years have seen the formation of a more 
structured long-term rental market with the arrival of dedicated residential property rental companies. 
Ownership has been encouraged with public subsidies on mortgage rates in the form of tax rebates. 
Icelandic households have placed a rather large proportion of their savings into residential property. 
The majority of mortgage loans were CPI-indexed, but during the upswing a growing number of loans 
were also exchange rate-linked, as households sought to finance the purchases of their homes with the 
lower interest rates on foreign currencies. This made Icelandic households vulnerable to fluctuations 
in housing prices, as well as the exchange rate of the Icelandic króna and inflation. When the price 
bubble burst in 2008, capital rapidly shrank and debt servicing costs on loans as a percentage of 
disposable income suddenly soared. Consequently, exchange-rate linked mortgage loans have since 
been de facto prohibited in Iceland.  
One of the distinguishing features of the Icelandic housing market has long been that decreases in real 
value are caused more by inflation than changes in nominal prices. Thus business in this market 
contracted substantially at the same time as the Icelandic upswing came to an end, the currency 
depreciated and inflation soared. From this point of view, developments in the aftermath of 2008 
crash were not unlike previous downturns in the history of the Icelandic economy. The real decrease 
in residential property value, which measured at 36% in Q1 2010 from when prices were at their peak 
at the end of 2008, is a result of high inflation during this period. 
The housing market went through a turnaround in 2010 and real and nominal housing prices started to 
rise somewhat. Moreover, turnover on the housing market picked up. There were several reasons for 
this. Firstly, real wages increased, as did expectations that the nadir of the recession had been reached. 
Secondly, the demand was driven by expectations regarding the development of housing prices, since 
housing prices seemed to be rising again. Thirdly, the debt problems of households were tackled with 
debt forgiveness and debt restructuring. In parallel with this, bottlenecks in at both the supply and 
demand end of the housing market have been cleared, which may partly explain the increase in 
turnover. From Q1 2010 to Q1 2018 housing prices increased by 55% in real terms. Following a 
period of more moderate price rises, the pace of housing price increases picked up again from Q3 
2021 onwards before moderating once more in 2023. As of end-2023, housing prices had decreased 
by 3.3% in real terms over the previous 12 months although nominal prices showed an increase of 
4.2% over the same period. 
The real prices of residential housing reached a historical peak in 2022 but have since declined 
moderately. Housing prices in proportion to wages have also risen considerably until recently and are 
above long-term average. Even so, average household debt has not increased significantly as a share 
of GDP and remains at considerably lower levels than a decade ago.

--- Page 179 ---
167 
 
13. 
FINANCIAL MARKETS IN ICELAND 
The FSA supervises commercial banks, savings banks and other credit institutions, insurance 
companies, companies and individuals acting as insurance brokers, undertakings engaged in securities 
services, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), management 
companies, stock exchanges and other regulated markets, central securities depositories and pension 
funds. The FSA is charged with ensuring that the activities of these entities are conducted in 
accordance with the laws and regulations of Iceland. The activities of FSA are primarily governed by 
Act No. 87/1998, on the Official Supervision of Financial Operations, and Act No. 9/1999, on the 
Payment of Cost Due to the Official Supervision of Financial Activities. 
The Central Bank 
The Central Bank of Iceland is an independent institution owned by the Icelandic state and operating 
under the auspices of the Prime Minister. Its objective is to promote price stability, financial stability 
and sound and secure financial activities. The Central Bank also undertakes such tasks as are 
consistent with its role as a central bank, such as maintaining international reserves and promoting a 
safe, effective financial system, including domestic and cross-border payment intermediation.  
As of 1 January 2020, the Central Bank is responsible for the tasks entrusted by law and governmental 
directives to the FSA and financial supervision is now under the responsibility of the Central Bank. 
The Central Bank monitors supervised entities to ensure that their activities are in compliance with the 
law and with governmental directives, and that they are in other respects consistent with sound and 
appropriate business practices.  
Monetary policy 
The main objective of the Central Bank’s monetary policy is price stability. For a number of years 
following the banking and currency crises in 2008, and in accordance with the joint economic policy 
agreed upon by the Icelandic authorities and the IMF in November 2008, the secondary main focus of 
Iceland’s monetary policy became stabilisation of the króna, without committing to defend a specific 
value of the currency.  
With declining inflation and progress in the restructuring of domestic balance sheets as the second 
decade wore on, the emphasis of monetary policy gradually shifted towards future inflation and output 
prospects, although exchange rate stability continues to play a role in monetary policy. With statutory 
amendments passed on 21 October 2016, important steps were taken towards easing restrictions on 
capital transactions. Further reforms were implemented on 1 January 2017. On 14 March 2017, Rules 
no. 200/2017 on Currency Exchange took effect, granting a general exemption from the restriction set 
forth in the FEA and effectively lifting the capital controls that had previously been in place. The 
rules, as amended by Rules 568/2017 and 311/2019, remained in effect until the passage of Act 
70/2021 in June 2021, which effectively lifted all remaining capital controls. However, there is still a 
requirement for reporting to the Icelandic Central Bank of any new investment three weeks after 
Icelandic Krona is bought for new inflow of foreign currency. Also, the current rules place restrictions 
on the total amount of financial institutions’ derivatives transactions. 
Nasdaq Iceland hf.  
Iceland currently has one authorised stock exchange where the public listing of securities and 
securities trading take place: Nasdaq Iceland hf. Nasdaq Iceland hf. is part of the Nasdaq Group and is 
licensed to operate a regulated market as well as a multilateral trading facility, the First North Iceland 
market. Nasdaq Iceland hf. also provides listing alternatives for small-cap to large-cap companies; and 
the main market and the First North market for small and medium-sized companies with growth

--- Page 180 ---
168 
 
potential. Both issuer rules and trading rules are largely harmonised with the sister exchanges run by 
Nasdaq Group in the Nordic countries (Stockholm, Helsinki and Copenhagen).

--- Page 181 ---
169 
 
14. 
OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement 
The Issuer may enter into an interest rate swap transaction governed by an ISDA Master Agreement 
(including a schedule, a credit support annex and confirmation(s)) in respect of the assets registered to 
the Cover Pool (respectively, the Cover Pool Swap and the Cover Pool Swap Agreement) with a 
Cover Pool Swap Provider. 
On each monthly payment date under the Cover Pool Swap, the Issuer may pay to the Cover Pool 
Swap Provider all revenue payments (i.e. excluding principal payments) received in respect of the 
assets (other than Eligible Swaps) registered to the Cover Pool (but excluding amounts corresponding 
to the client margin) and the Cover Pool Swap Provider may pay to the Issuer an amount calculated 
on the nominal amount of the assets (other than Eligible Swaps) which are registered to the Cover 
Pool, based on the applicable floating rate or fixed rate payable under the Covered Bonds plus a 
margin.  
The coverage requirements referred to in "Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered 
Bonds – Coverage Requirements" above will apply in respect of the Cover Pool Swap. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under the Cover Pool Swap Agreement, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of the Cover Pool 
Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the Cover Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for the Cover Pool Swap 
Provider, the Cover Pool Swap Provider will, in accordance with the Cover Pool Swap Agreement, be 
required to take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral for its 
obligations under the Cover Pool Swap, arranging for its obligations under the Cover Pool Swap to be 
transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the Cover 
Pool Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), procuring 
another entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the Cover Pool 
Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a co-
obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its obligations under the Cover Pool Swap or taking 
some other action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Cover Pool Swap Agreement will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including 
the following: 
(a) 
at the option of the Cover Pool Swap Provider, if the Issuer is in breach of representations 
contained in the Cover Pool Swap Agreement to register the Cover Pool Swap Agreement and 
the Cover Pool Swap thereunder in the Cover Pool register; 
(b) 
at the option of one party to the Cover Pool Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to pay any amounts due under the Cover Pool Swap Agreement and any applicable 
grace period has expired; 
(c) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the Cover Pool Swap 
Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the Cover Pool Swap Provider without an 
assumption of its obligations under the Cover Pool Swap Agreement, or if a material 
misrepresentation is made by the Cover Pool Swap Provider under the Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement, or if the Cover Pool Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter derivatives

--- Page 182 ---
170 
 
transaction under another agreement between the Issuer and the Cover Pool Swap Provider or 
if a breach of a provision of the Cover Pool Swap Agreement by the Cover Pool Swap 
Provider is not remedied within the applicable grace period; 
(d) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure 
event occurs; 
(e) 
at the option of the Cover Pool Swap Provider, if withholding taxes are imposed on payments 
made by the Issuer or by the Cover Pool Swap Provider under the Cover Pool Swap due to a 
change in law;  
(f) 
if the Cover Pool Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to 
comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the Cover 
Pool Swap Agreement and described above under "Ratings downgrade"; and 
(g) 
at the option of the Cover Pool Swap Provider, upon the redemption, prepayment or purchase 
of the Covered Bonds in whole or in part.  
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the Cover Pool Swap Provider 
may be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination payment 
will be based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering into a 
swap with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of 
the respective full payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined following 
consideration of quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant market data and information from 
internal sources) and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and payable prior to 
termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect the funds available to 
pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable 
on the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from the Cover Pool 
Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
The Cover Pool Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement, including the satisfaction of certain requirements of the rating agencies, transfer its 
obligations under the Cover Pool Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
Either party may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes 
are imposed on payments made under a Swap.  However, if due to a change in law, either the Issuer or 
the Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Swap or to receive a payment under a 
Swap from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, either the Issuer or the relevant Swap 
Provider, as the case may be, may terminate the relevant Swap. 
The Cover Pool Swap Provider will rank senior to the Covered Bondholders in respect of its claims 
against the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
The margins over the applicable floating rate or fixed rate applicable to the Cover Pool Swap will be 
determined on the effective date of such swap and may be varied from time to time by the Issuer and 
the Cover Pool Swap Provider, subject to written confirmation from the rating agencies that the 
proposed amendment will not adversely affect the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 183 ---
171 
 
The Cover Pool Swap Agreement will be governed by English law. 
Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
The Issuer may also, from time to time, enter into additional interest rate swaps with Interest Rate 
Swap Providers by executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including schedules, a credit support 
annex and confirmations) (each such agreement, an Interest Rate Swap Agreement and each of the 
transactions thereunder, an Interest Rate Swap), in order to hedge the Issuer's interest rate risks in ISK 
and/or other currencies to the extent that these have not already been hedged by the Cover Pool Swap, 
Currency Swap or an Indexed Currency Swap, subject always to the coverage requirements as 
referred to in "Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered Bonds – Coverage 
Requirements" above. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Interest Rate Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of an 
Interest Rate Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) 
for such Interest Rate Swap Provider, the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider will, in accordance 
with the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which 
may include providing additional collateral for its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap, 
arranging for its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap to be transferred to an entity with 
rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), procuring another 
entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a co-
obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
or taking some other action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including 
the following: 
(a) 
at the option of each Interest Rate Swap Provider, if the Issuer is in breach of representations 
contained in the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement to register the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement and each Interest Rate Swap thereunder in the Cover Pool register; 
(b) 
at the option of one party to the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by 
the other party to pay any amounts due under that Interest Rate Swap Agreement and any 
applicable grace period has expired; 
(c) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider 
without an assumption of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or 
if a material misrepresentation is made by the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider under the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider 
defaults under an over-the-counter derivatives transaction under another agreement between 
the Issuer and such Interest Rate Swap Provider or if a breach of a provision of the relevant 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement by the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not remedied within the 
applicable grace period; 
(d) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure 
event occurs;

--- Page 184 ---
172 
 
(e) 
at the option of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, if withholding taxes are imposed on 
payments made by the Issuer or by the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider under the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap due to a change in law;  
(f) 
if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and 
fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement and described above under "Ratings downgrade"; and 
(g) 
at the option of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, upon the redemption, prepayment or 
purchase of the Covered Bonds in whole or in part. 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination 
payment will be based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering 
into a swap with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic 
equivalent of the respective full payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined 
following consideration of quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant market data and 
information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and payable 
prior to termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect the funds 
available to pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable 
on the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from an Interest Rate 
Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Interest Rate Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement, including the satisfaction of certain requirements of the rating agencies, 
transfer its obligations under any Interest Rate Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
Either party may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes 
are imposed on payments made under a Swap.  However, if due to a change in law, either the Issuer or 
the Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Swap or to receive a payment under a 
Swap from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, either the Issuer or the relevant Swap 
Provider, as the case may be, may terminate the relevant Swap. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Interest Rate Swap Providers will rank senior to the Covered Bondholders in respect of their 
claims against the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
Currency Swap Agreements 
Subject to currency restrictions in place at each time, if Covered Bonds are issued in currencies other 
than ISK, the Issuer may enter into Currency Swaps from time to time with Currency Swap Providers 
by executing ISDA Master Agreements (including schedules, a credit support annex and 
confirmations) (each such agreement, a Currency Swap Agreement and each of the transactions 
thereunder, a Currency Swap), in order to hedge currency risks arising between (a) Covered Bonds 
issued in currencies other than ISK and (b) assets (other than Mortgage Bonds and Eligible Swaps) 
forming part of the Cover Pool but denominated in ISK, subject always to the coverage requirements

--- Page 185 ---
173 
 
as referred to in "Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered Bonds – Coverage 
Requirements" above. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Currency Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of a Currency 
Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant 
Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such 
Currency Swap Provider, the relevant Currency Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant 
Currency Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include 
providing additional collateral for its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap, arranging for its 
obligations under the relevant Currency Swap to be transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by 
the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with 
the requirements of the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with rating(s) required by the 
relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the 
requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in 
respect of its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap or taking some other action as it may 
agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Currency Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following: 
(a) 
at the option of each Currency Swap Provider, if the Issuer is in breach of representations 
contained in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement to register the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement and each Currency Swap thereunder in the Cover Pool register; 
(b) 
at the option of one party to the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the 
other party to pay any amounts due under that Currency Swap Agreement and any applicable 
grace period has expired; 
(c) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Currency 
Swap Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Currency Swap Provider without 
an assumption of its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, or if a material 
misrepresentation is made by the relevant Currency Swap Provider under the relevant 
Currency Swap Agreement, or if the relevant Currency Swap Provider defaults under an over-
the-counter derivatives transaction under another agreement between the Issuer and such 
Currency Swap Provider or if a breach of a provision of the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement by the Currency Swap Provider is not remedied within the applicable grace 
period; 
(d) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal; 
(e) 
at the option of the relevant Currency Swap Provider, if withholding taxes are imposed on 
payments made by the Issuer or by the relevant Currency Swap Provider under the relevant 
Currency Swap due to a change in law; 
(f) 
if the relevant Currency Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and 
fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the 
relevant Currency Swap Agreement and described above under "Ratings downgrade"; and 
(g) 
at the option of the relevant Currency Swap Provider, upon the redemption, prepayment or 
purchase of the Covered Bonds in whole or in part.

--- Page 186 ---
174 
 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Currency Swap 
Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination 
payment will be based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering 
into a swap with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic 
equivalent of the respective full payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined 
following consideration of quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant market data and 
information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and payable 
prior to termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect the funds 
available to pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable 
on the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from a Currency 
Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Currency Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Currency 
Swap Agreement, including the satisfaction of certain requirements of the rating agencies, transfer its 
obligations under any Currency Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
Either party may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes 
are imposed on payments made under a Swap.  However, if due to a change in law, either the Issuer or 
the Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Swap or to receive a payment under a 
Swap from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, either the Issuer or the relevant Swap 
Provider, as the case may be, may terminate the relevant Swap. 
The Currency Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Currency Swap Provider will rank senior to the Covered Bondholders in respect of their claims 
against the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
Where the Issuer enters into both interest rate swap transactions and currency swap transactions with 
the same counterparty these may be entered into under the same ISDA Master Agreement. 
Indexed Currency Swap Agreements 
The Issuer may enter into Indexed Currency Swaps from time to time with Indexed Currency Swap 
Providers by executing ISDA Master Agreements (including schedules, a credit support annex and 
confirmations) (each such agreement, an Indexed Currency Swap Agreement) and each of the 
transactions thereunder, an Indexed Currency Swap in order to hedge currency and inflation risks 
arising between (a) Covered Bonds issued in currencies other than ISK and (b) assets forming part of 
the Cover Pool but denominated in ISK and indexed linked, subject always to the coverage 
requirements as referred to in "Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered Bonds - 
Coverage Requirements" above. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Indexed Currency Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of an 
Indexed Currency Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in 
the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating 
agencies) for such Indexed Currency Swap Provider, the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Provider 
will, in accordance with the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement, be required to take certain

--- Page 187 ---
175 
 
remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral for its obligations under the 
relevant Indexed Currency Swap, arranging for its obligations under the relevant Indexed Currency 
Swap to be transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in 
the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant 
rating agency), procuring another entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as 
specified in the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of 
the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its 
obligations under the relevant Indexed Currency Swap or taking some other action as it may agree 
with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Indexed Currency Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, 
including the following: 
(a) 
at the option of each Indexed Currency Swap Provider, if the Issuer is in breach of 
representations contained in the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement to register the 
relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement and each Indexed Currency Swap thereunder in 
the Cover Pool register; 
(b) 
at the option of one party to the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement, if there is a 
failure by the other party to pay any amounts due under that Indexed Currency Swap 
Agreement and any applicable grace period has expired; 
(c) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Indexed 
Currency Swap Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Indexed Currency 
Swap Provider without an assumption of its obligations under the relevant Indexed Currency 
Swap Agreement, or if a material misrepresentation is made by the relevant Currency Swap 
Provider under the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement, or if the relevant Indexed 
Currency Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter derivatives transaction under 
another agreement between the Issuer and such Indexed Currency Swap Provider or if a 
breach of a provision of the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement by the Indexed 
Currency Swap Provider is not remedied within the applicable grace period; 
(d) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure 
event occurs; 
(e) 
at the option of the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Provider, if withholding taxes are 
imposed on payments made by the Issuer or by the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Provider 
under the relevant Indexed Currency Swap due to a change in law; 
(f) 
if the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded 
and fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in 
the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement and described above under "Ratings 
downgrade"; and 
(g) 
at the option of the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Provider, upon the redemption, 
prepayment or purchase of the Covered Bonds in whole or in part. 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Indexed Currency 
Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any 
termination payment will be based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as 
to entering into a swap with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the 
economic equivalent of the respective full payment obligations of the parties (which may be

--- Page 188 ---
176 
 
determined following consideration of quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant market data 
and information from internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and 
payable prior to termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect the 
funds available to pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable 
on the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from a Indexed 
Currency Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Indexed Currency Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant 
Indexed Currency Swap Agreement, including the satisfaction of certain requirements of the rating 
agencies, transfer its obligations under any Indexed Currency Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
Either party may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes 
are imposed on payments made under a Swap.  However, if due to a change in law, either the Issuer or 
the Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Swap or to receive a payment under a 
Swap from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, either the Issuer or the relevant Swap 
Provider, as the case may be, may terminate the relevant Swap. 
The Indexed Currency Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
Eligibility Criteria for Swap Providers 
The Issuer will only enter into Swaps with entities which are "qualified counterparties" for the 
purposes of the Act on Covered Bonds (such Swaps, the Eligible Swaps). 
Deed of Covenant 
The Issuer has entered into a Deed of Covenant for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders, including 
amongst others, the following covenants: 
Relevant Reference Currency Swaps 
(a) 
In connection with an issuance of a Series of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency other 
than ISK and assigned a rating by S&P, in circumstances where the Issuer does not otherwise 
enter into a Currency Swap in connection with such issuance, the Issuer covenants to establish 
on or before the Issue Date of such Series and maintain and update (to the extent required) on 
a weekly basis in its books an account (a Collateral Reserve Account).  All amounts of cash 
and, if applicable, securities standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral Reserve Account 
will be denominated in the relevant currency and registered and updated (to the extent 
required) on a weekly basis in the Register so as to form part of the Cover Pool. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall within one Business Day of a relevant issuance and thereafter on a weekly 
basis (to the extent required under the terms of the Relevant Reference Currency Swap) credit 
and/or debit cash or securities to or from the relevant Collateral Reserve Account in 
accordance with paragraph (c) below. 
(c) 
The amount of cash or securities required to be maintained in the relevant Collateral Reserve 
Account will be equal to the amount commensurate with an “adequate” collateral framework 
assessment under the relevant S&P criteria that a Currency Swap Provider would have been

--- Page 189 ---
177 
 
required to maintain under the credit support annex forming part of an agreement in the form 
of the Relevant Reference Currency Swap Agreement if it had entered into such an agreement 
with the Issuer in connection with the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
(d) 
The Issuer may, at any time and in accordance with the provisions of the Deed of Covenant, 
enter into an agreement substantially in the form of the Relevant Reference Currency Swap 
Agreement (together with such amendments as may be agreed by the Issuer) with an eligible 
Currency Swap Provider and may use amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral 
Reserve Account to enter into a Currency Swap to exchange receipts from the assets 
comprising the Cover Pool payable in ISK and the currency of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
(e) 
Where a Currency Swap Agreement is entered into between the Issuer and an eligible 
Currency Swap Provider, such Currency Swap Agreement shall be registered in the Register 
so as to form part of the Cover Pool and the requirement to maintain the relevant Collateral 
Reserve Account pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall cease. 
(f) 
In the event that the Issuer does not enter into a Currency Swap with an eligible Currency 
Swap Provider in accordance with paragraph (d) the requirements of paragraph (a) shall 
continue to apply and amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral Reserve 
Account from time to time will remain registered in the Register so as to form part of the 
Cover Pool and will be transferred to a corresponding Swap Collateral Account in accordance 
with the Issuer's obligations as to the establishment of Issuer Accounts (in respect of which 
see paragraph (a) of "Establishment of Issuer Accounts" below). 
(g) 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to ensure that any Currency Swap Agreement 
entered into pursuant to paragraph (d) includes a subordinated swap termination payment 
provision, such that any Early Termination Amount due and payable by the Issuer to the 
relevant Currency Swap Provider under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement following the 
occurrence of (i) an Event of Default or a Termination Event in respect of a Tax Event upon 
Merger where the Currency Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the sole Affected Party, 
respectively, or (ii) an Additional Termination Event in respect of the Currency Swap 
Provider following a ratings downgrade of such Currency Swap Provider shall be 
subordinated to all other amounts payable in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds.  
Asset Coverage Test 
(a) 
On each Monthly Calculation Date, the Issuer shall determine whether the then total value, 
without double counting, of: 
(i) 
the assets comprising the Cover Pool (including any amounts comprising the liquidity 
buffer required to be maintained in accordance with the Icelandic Act on Covered 
Bonds (the Cover Pool Value)) (calculated in accordance with the Act on Covered 
Bonds); 
(ii) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Collateral Reserve Account or the Swap 
Collateral Account; and  
(iii) 
any cash amounts or securities (excluding any amounts included in paragraph (ii) 
above) in any Issuer Account, 
(such total value amount being the ACT Assets Amount) exceeds the then total value of:

--- Page 190 ---
178 
 
(iv) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds, together with all 
accrued interest thereon (provided that for the purpose of calculating such amounts in 
respect of any Series of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency other than ISK, 
the Principal Amount Outstanding (and such accrued interest) shall be calculated 
according to (i) the relevant prevailing spot exchange rate (as determined by the 
Issuer) on the relevant Monthly Calculation Date or (ii) if a Currency Swap has been 
entered into in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant rate under that 
Currency Swap); 
(v) 
any other payment obligations that must be paid from the Cover Pool in accordance 
with the Act on Covered Bonds during the period to and including the next following 
Monthly Calculation Date; and 
(vi) 
the Deposit Set-off Amount, 
(such total value amount being the ACT Liabilities Amount) provided that if on such 
Monthly Calculation Date the ACT Assets Amount does not exceed the ACT Liabilities 
Amount (such determination, the Asset Coverage Test) the Asset Coverage Test shall be 
deemed to have been breached for the purpose of paragraph (b) below. 
(b) 
In the event of a breach of the Asset Coverage Test on a Monthly Calculation Date, the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to allocate sufficient additional assets to the Cover Pool and 
register such assets in the Register in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Asset 
Coverage Test is met on the next following Monthly Calculation Date. 
(c) 
In calculating the Cover Pool Value, subject to the provisions of paragraph (a)(iv) above, the 
value of any non-ISK denominated assets comprising the Cover Pool shall be converted into 
ISK on the basis of the exchange rate published by the Central Bank of Iceland as at such 
Monthly Calculation Date. 
Establishment of Issuer Accounts 
(a) 
If the Issuer ceases to be an Eligible Institution, the Issuer shall within 90 calendar days (or 
such longer period as may be agreed by S&P) following the first Business Day on which it 
ceases to be an Eligible Institution, establish one or more of the following bank accounts in its 
name with an Eligible Institution:  
(i) 
a transaction account denominated in ISK (the Transaction Account); 
(ii) 
an account comprising the liquidity buffer required to be maintained in accordance 
with the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds (the Liquidity Buffer Account); and 
(iii) 
if required, a swap collateral cash and securities account denominated in the relevant 
currency in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds (each such account, a 
Swap Collateral Account and together with the Transaction Account and the 
Liquidity Buffer Account, the Issuer Accounts). 
(b) 
Following the establishment of the Issuer Accounts in accordance with paragraph (a) above, 
the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
transfer all payments received from the Cover Pool (Cover Pool Revenue) to the 
Transaction Account within 3 Business Days of receipt by the Issuer;

--- Page 191 ---
179 
 
(ii) 
only if required in accordance with paragraph (g) of the section Relevant Reference 
Currency Swap above following the event described in paragraph (a) (of this section 
Establishment of Issuer Accounts), transfer all amounts standing to the credit of any 
Collateral Reserve Account to the relevant Swap Collateral Account and thereafter on 
a weekly basis (to the extent required) credit and/or debit cash or securities to or from 
the Swap Collateral Account in accordance with paragraph (c) of the section Relevant 
Reference Currency Swap above and continue to maintain and update (to the extent 
required) on a weekly basis thereafter, a record of such amounts on the relevant 
Collateral Reserve Account; 
(iii) 
provide, or procure the provision of, servicing, administration and cash management 
services with respect to the Cover Pool Revenue and the operation of the Issuer 
Accounts; 
(iv) 
create security over each Issuer Account for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders; 
and 
(v) 
take all necessary steps to register the Issuer Accounts and the amounts standing to 
the credit of the Issuer Accounts in the Register. 
(c) 
In the event that any Eligible Institution appointed pursuant to paragraph (a) ceases to be an 
Eligible Institution, the Issuer will be obliged to transfer the relevant Issuer Account to a 
credit institution with the appropriate minimum ratings. 
Obligations of the Issuer 
(a) 
The obligations of the Issuer under the aforementioned sections, Asset Coverage Test and 
Establishment of Issuer Accounts shall only apply: 
(i) 
to the extent that compliance with such obligations is required to maintain the ratings 
of the relevant Series of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
in respect of the Issuer's obligations under Establishment of Issuer Accounts only, 
during such time that the Issuer does not maintain the required ratings specified in 
Establishment of Issuer Accounts and shall cease at any time that the Issuer satisfies 
the relevant rating; and 
(iii) 
to the extent that any mitigants as may be agreed with S&P for the purposes of 
maintaining the rating of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds are not otherwise 
available. 
(b) 
The obligations of the Issuer under Establishment of Issuer Accounts shall cease to apply in 
their entirety if its long-term issuer credit rating by S&P is at any time at least BBB- (or such 
other lower rating as may be agreed by S&P), notwithstanding any subsequent downgrade of 
the long-term issuer credit rating of the Issuer by S&P. 
(c) 
Any failure by the Issuer to comply with the obligations under Relevant Reference Currency 
Swaps, Asset Coverage Test or Establishment of Issuer Accounts will not result in any events 
of default relating to the Issuer, accordingly payments under the Covered Bonds will not be 
accelerated in such circumstances and any such failure by the Issuer to comply with these 
obligations will not entitle Covered Bondholders to accelerate the Covered Bonds. 
(d) 
Any failure by the Issuer to comply with the obligations under Relevant Reference Currency 
Swaps, Asset Coverage Test or Establishment of Issuer Accounts will result in the Issuer not

--- Page 192 ---
180 
 
being able to issue further Covered Bonds whilst such failure is continuing. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Issuer will be able to continue issuing non-rated Covered Bonds denominated in 
ISK. 
The defined terms used in this section Deed of Covenant shall have the following meanings: 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in London; 
Cover Pool means the pool of eligible assets recorded in the Register maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds; 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule, credit support annex (if 
applicable) and confirmation(s) (as amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the 
Currency Swap(s) entered into from time to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap 
Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any reference or actual (as the context requires) third party 
counterparty; 
Currency Swap means a currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising from 
(a) Covered Bonds which are issued in currencies other than ISK and (b) if required, assets (other than 
bonds as defined in Article 2 of the Act on Covered Bonds which are issued by borrowers and as 
described in Article 5 of the Act on Covered Bonds) which are registered to the Cover Pool and are 
denominated in ISK; 
Deposit Set-off Amount means (i) nil, (A) if the rating assigned to the covered bonds is A- and the 
Issuer's long-term issuer credit rating is at least BBB- by S&P, or (B) if the rating assigned to the 
covered bonds by S&P is no longer A- and the Issuer's long-term issuer credit rating meets the 
requirement specified in S&P's methodology at the relevant time, or (ii) if (i) is not applicable, the 
"Potential Set-Off Amount" calculated pursuant to the relevant S&P rating methodology; 
Eligible Institution means any bank whose long-term issuer credit rating is at least BBB- by S&P (or 
such other rating as may be agreed by S&P); 
Monthly Calculation Date means the last Business Day of each month; 
Register has the meaning given to it in the Act on Covered Bonds; 
Relevant Reference Currency Swap Agreement means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds 
which are denominated in a currency other than ISK, an agreement in the form of an ISDA 2002 
Master Agreement including the Schedule and Credit Support Annex thereto, together with the 
relevant form of currency swap confirmation for a Currency Swap, in each case in the form annexed 
to the applicable Series Deed of Covenant; 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited;  
Series Deed of Covenant means a deed of covenant prepared in relation to a particular Series of 
Covered Bonds including the applicable form of Relevant Reference Currency Swap Agreement, and 
applicable Series Deed of Covenant shall mean the Series Deed of Covenant applicable to the 
relevant particular Series of Covered Bonds; and 
The Deed of Covenant is governed by English Law.

--- Page 193 ---
181 
 
15. 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the CSD (together, the Clearing 
Systems) currently in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are 
advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. None of the Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the Covered Bonds held through the facilities of any Clearing 
System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
In light of the existing withholding tax regime in Iceland, the clearing of the Covered Bonds through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be subject to confirmation that the relevant registration 
requirements with the Icelandic authorities have been completed. 
Book-entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services 
including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities 
and securities lending and borrowing.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with 
domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial 
relationships.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between 
their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  
Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Transfers of Covered Bonds represented by Registered Global Covered Bonds 
Transfers of any interests in Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Covered Bond within 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and 
operating procedures of the relevant clearing system.  
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Covered Bonds 
described under "Subscription and sale and Selling Restrictions", and directly or indirectly through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, will be effected by the relevant clearing 
system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and 
any custodian with whom the relevant Registered Global Covered Bonds have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Covered Bonds of such Series between 
accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date three 
business days after the trade date (T+3).  The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment 
will apply to such transfers. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds among 
participants and accountholders of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  However, they are under

--- Page 194 ---
182 
 
no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be 
discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible 
for any performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Covered Bonds represented by 
Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial interests.

--- Page 195 ---
183 
 
16. 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the 
consequences, under the tax laws of Iceland and the countries of their respective citizenship, residence 
or domicile, of a purchase of Covered Bonds, including, but not limited to, the consequences of 
receipt of payments under the Covered Bonds and their disposal or redemption. 
Iceland Taxation  
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Issuer’s understanding of current law and 
practice in Iceland.  This is not tax advice but a mere general overview of Icelandic rules. Prospective 
holders of the Covered Bonds who are in any doubt as to their personal tax position or who may be 
subject to tax in any other jurisdiction, should consult their professional advisers. 
In light of the existing withholding tax regime in Iceland as regards non-residents, the clearing of the 
Covered Bonds through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be subject to confirmation 
that the relevant registration requirements with the Icelandic authorities have been completed. 
Icelandic residents 
Icelandic residents are subject to tax on any interest income derived by them from the Covered 
Bonds, individuals at 22 per cent. and companies at the rate of 21 per cent. for the year 2024 and 
taxable partnerships at the rate of 38.4 per cent.   The Issuer is liable to withhold tax on interest 
payments to Icelandic residents and companies at the rate of 22 per cent. However, while interest 
payments on the Covered Bonds remain exempt from tax in relation to non-Icelandic residents, as a 
result of the registration of the Covered Bonds with the Directorate of Internal Revenue (as described 
under “Non-Icelandic residents” below), the Directorate of Internal Revenue has confirmed that the 
Issuer does not need to withhold tax on any interest payments to Covered Bondholders unless it is 
aware of any such Covered Bondholders being Icelandic residents. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Covered Bonds are subject to the same tax as interest income of 
Icelandic residents. 
Non-Icelandic residents 
Non-Icelandic residents are not subject to Icelandic tax on any interest income derived by them from 
the Covered Bonds provided the Covered Bonds are registered with a securities depository within the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the European Economic Area or a 
member of the European Free Trade Association or the Faroe Islands, and the Issuer has registered 
any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme with the Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland 
and received confirmation of exemption for the Covered Bonds from such taxation, all in accordance 
with point 8 of the first Paragraph of Article 3 of the ITA. The Issuer will provide a certificate of such 
tax exemption for each issue of Covered Bonds. 
In the event that the Issuer is required to withhold tax then the provisions of Condition 10 will apply 
and the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Covered Bonds are classified as interest and should thus not be subject 
to tax in Iceland, provided that the aforementioned confirmation of exemption has been granted in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax

--- Page 196 ---
184 
 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax (FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.   
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in the Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary 
market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be 
exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
the Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, 
“established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional 
EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) imposes a 30 per cent. United States 
withholding tax on certain United States source payments, including interest (and original issue 
discount), dividends (and dividend equivalents), or other fixed or determinable annual or periodical 
gain, profits, and income (Withholdable Payments), if paid to a foreign financial institution 
(including amounts paid to a foreign financial institution on behalf of a holder), unless such institution 
enters into an agreement with the United States Treasury Department to collect and provide to the 
United States Treasury Department certain information regarding United States account holders, 
including certain account holders that are foreign entities with United States owners or otherwise 
complies with FATCA, or such institution is otherwise exempt from withholding under FATCA.  A 
Covered Bond may constitute a “financial account” for these purposes and thus, be subject to 
information reporting requirements pursuant to FATCA. 
In addition, under FATCA, “passthru payments” made by a foreign financial institution to 
“recalcitrant holders” or non-compliant foreign financial institutions are subject to a 30 per cent. 
United States withholding tax.  A "recalcitrant holder" generally is a holder of an account with a 
foreign financial institution that fails to comply with reasonable requests for information that will help 
enable the relevant foreign financial institution to comply with its reporting requirements.  Pursuant to 
United States Treasury Department regulations, a passthru payment is any Withholdable Payment and 
any “foreign passthru payment”, which has yet to be defined.  Under the regulations and other 
guidance, the 30 per cent. United States withholding tax on “recalcitrant holders” or non-compliant 
foreign financial institutions may be imposed on non-United States source payments made by the 
Issuer with respect to the Covered Bonds no earlier than the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining the term foreign pass thru payment are published in the United Stated 
Federal Register. 
If the Issuer determines withholding is appropriate with respect to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer will 
withhold tax at the applicable statutory rate without being required to pay any additional amounts with

--- Page 197 ---
185 
 
respect to amounts so withheld.  However, the withholding tax will not be imposed on payments 
pursuant to obligations giving rise to Withholdable Payments solely because payments are treated as 
foreign passthru payments if the obligation is executed on or before the date of that is six months after 
the date on which final regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the 
United States Federal Register.  Holders are urged to consult with their own tax advisers regarding the 
possible implications of FATCA on their investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 198 ---
186 
 
17. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 3 May 2024 (the 
Programme Agreement), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters 
stated under “Form of the Covered Bonds” and “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”.  In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the update of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme 
and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The 
Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations 
under the Programme Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their 
satisfaction on the relevant issue date. In this situation, the issuance of the relevant Covered Bonds 
may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or Dealers in respect of any 
expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA 
D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds (a) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of 
all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Covered 
Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer or 
sale of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 199 ---
187 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
If the Final Terms, specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in 
relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation 
to any Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will

--- Page 200 ---
188 
 
not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it 
may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation 
to any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and UK Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of

--- Page 201 ---
189 
 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or 
sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Covered Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Norway  
Covered Bonds denominated in Norwegian kroner may not be offered or sold within Norway or 
outside Norway to Norwegian citizens abroad, without the Covered Bonds prior thereto having been 
registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary. 
Japan  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Iceland  
The investment described in this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered for public 
distribution in Iceland with the FSA-Iceland pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge and agree, that this Base Prospectus may be distributed only to, and 
may be directed only at, persons who are (i) qualified investors under the private placement 
exemption of Article 1 Item 4 as defined in Article 2 Item e of the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) other 
persons to whom this Base Prospectus may be communicated lawfully in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation (all such persons together being referred to as the Relevant Persons).  This 
Base Prospectus must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons.  Any 
investment or investment activity to which this Base Prospectus relates is available only to Relevant 
Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.  Any person who is not a Relevant Person 
should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus or any of its contents.  This Base Prospectus must not 
be distributed, published, reproduced or disclosed (in whole or in part) by recipients to any other 
persons.

--- Page 202 ---
190 
 
The People’s Republic of China  
The Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the People’s Republic of 
China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) (the PRC) or to residents of the PRC unless such 
offer or sale is made in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the PRC.    
Hong Kong  
The Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than 
(i) to persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or 
agent); or (ii) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 
571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (iii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to 
the public within the meaning of that Ordinance. 
No person may issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or 
elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Covered Bonds, which is directed 
at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Covered Bonds 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong (Cap. 571) 
and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Covered Bonds or caused the Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds or cause the 
Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Covered Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (b) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.  
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Covered Bonds described herein. The Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no 
application has or will be made to admit the Covered Bonds to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Covered Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Republic of Italy

--- Page 203 ---
191 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation 
and, accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and/or Italian CONSOB 
regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (a) or (b) 
above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time), Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Italian Banking Act), and any other 
applicable laws and regulations; and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as 
amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered 
Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 204 ---
192 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of the Covered Bonds have been duly authorised 
by resolutions of the meetings of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 23 March 2010, 1 
December 2010, 25 October 2011, 10 May 2017, 21 March 2018, 6 May 2020, 11 March 2021, 10 
February 2022 and 4 April 2023. 
Listing of Covered Bonds 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market.  The Regulated Market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID. 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to 
listing on the Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the life of this Base Prospectus, the following documents will, when published, be available for 
inspection at https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/product/about/funding: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Covered Bonds, 
the Covered Bonds in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements 
including Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to Exempt Covered Bonds will only 
be available for inspection by a holder of such Covered Bond and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and any relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Covered 
Bonds and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated therein by 
reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms 
relating to Covered Bonds listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  Copies of Final Terms relating to Covered 
Bonds which are admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the EEA, will be published in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and 
otherwise in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 205 ---
193 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds (other than CSD Covered Bonds) have been accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are the entities in charge of keeping the records.  The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The relevant ISIN and (if 
applicable) common code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The appropriate securities 
code for each Tranche of CSD Covered Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of CSD Covered Bonds, the CSD is the entity in charge of keeping the records. If the Covered 
Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, such as Nasdaq CSD Iceland 
and Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands CSD, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg.  The addresses of the registered offices of the Nasdaq CSD Iceland and 
Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands CSD are Laugavegur 182, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland and Fiskislóð 31 A, 101 
Reykjavík respectively. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group 
since 31 March 2024 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed below, there are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Group is 
aware) which may have, or have had, during the twelve months prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus, individually or in the aggregate, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Group. 
Borgun hf. Landsbankinn  
Borgun hf., (currently Teya Iceland hf.) a former subsidiary of Íslandsbanki, is a payment acquirer 
and issuing processor. Landsbankinn hf. sold its 31.2% stake in Borgun hf. in late 2014. 
Landsbankinn claims that Borgun's management did not disclose all available information that might 
have affected the value of Borgun during the sales process, namely the value of its stake in Visa 
Europe which was sold to Visa International shortly after the Borgun sale. In order to reclaim the 
alleged loss, Landsbankinn filed a lawsuit against Borgun and others on 12 January 2017, claiming 
the right to damages for having been deprived of the true value of the stake involved in the sale. 
Landsbankinn does not quantify the claim, but its estimate of the lost profit from having sold its 
shares in Borgun is approximately ISK 1,930 million. 
On 11 March 2020, the Issuer signed an agreement to sell its 63.47% stake in Borgun hf. to SaltPay 
Co Ltd. and concluded the sale on 7 July 2020. In the agreement the Issuer undertook to reimburse 
63.47% of losses incurred by Borgun or the buyer as a result of an unfavourable outcome in the

--- Page 206 ---
194 
 
Landsbankinn case, however such reimbursement was never to exceed the Issuer's share in the 
purchase price. 
On 27 April 2023 a panel of three judges of the District Court of Reykjavík rendered a judgement and 
dismissed the claims made by Landsbankinn against all defendants. Landsbankinn has appealed the 
judgement to the Court of Appeal. The Group has not recognised a provision in respect of this matter.  
105 Miðborg slhf. - ÍAV hf. 
In February 2021, the alternative investor fund 105 Miðborg slhf., operated by Íslandssjóðir hf. 
(Iceland Funds hf.), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer, terminated its contractor agreement with 
ÍAV hf., a contractor that had been retained for a real estate project at Kirkjusandur in the centre of 
Reykjavík. The main reason for the termination was the alleged non-performance and delays in the 
construction of one building on the premises. The contractor, ÍAV, has claimed approximately ISK 
3,829 million in damages plus late payment interest and legal costs from 105 Miðborg and Iceland 
Funds for the alleged unlawful termination. The suit was filed on 11 May 2021 at the District Court of 
Reykjavík. Additionally, 105 Miðborg has filed a case against ÍAV claiming approximately ISK 3,878 
million in damages plus late payment interest and legal cost due to alleged delays and significant 
breaches of contract. The Group owns a 8.25 per cent. stake in 105 Miðborg. The Group has not 
recognised a provision in respect of this matter. 
The Consumers' Association of Iceland 
In December 2021, three customers, sponsored by the Consumers' Association of Iceland, 
commenced litigation against the Issuer demanding that the court rules that certain provisions of their 
residential mortgages, governing variable interest rates, be deemed illegal and unenforceable and 
demand the repayment of any overpaid interest.  
Firstly, two of the cases were brought by customers owing CPI linked mortgages that contain a certain 
interest resetting provision that the Supreme Court found, in its ruling on case no. 623/2016, could not 
be used by the Issuer to reset interest rates. Following the judgement, the Issuer repaid its customers 
any interest that the Issuer had charged in excess of the originally agreed interest rate and returned the 
affected loans to their original interest rates. In the case now brought to the courts, the customers 
maintain that instead of the originally agreed interest rates, their loans should incur interest rates 
pursuant to article 4 of Act no. 38/2001 on interest and price indexation. An unfavourable finding by 
the court may have an influence on the Issuer's portfolio of loans and fully paid loans that contained 
the resetting provision, disputed in case no. 623/2016. The Group estimates that the financial impact 
of an unfavourable ruling in an adverse scenario could lie in the range of ISK 2 to 3 billion. On 25 
May 2023, the District Court of Reykjanes rendered a judgement in one of these cases and dismissed 
all claims that were made against the Issuer. The plaintiff has appealed the judgement to the Court of 
Appeal. 
Secondly, a case has been brought against the Issuer by a customer owing a non-index linked 
mortgage bearing variable interest rates. The plaintiff maintains that the terms governing the variable 
interest rates are invalid and may not be used by the Issuer as basis for setting interest rates, and that 
therefore the originally agreed interest rate should remain fixed during the term of the loan. An 
unfavourable ruling in this case may affect all indexed and non-index linked mortgages bearing 
variable interest rates, as well as any loans bearing fixed interest rates to be reset on a predefined date. 
In April 2022, the plaintiffs in two of the cases submitted claims that an advisory opinion by the 
EFTA Court should be requested on the interpretation of certain provisions in directives incorporated 
into the EEA Agreement. On 13 December 2022, the District Court issued its rulings. In the case 
involving a CPI linked mortgage, the Court rejected the plaintiff's request. In the case involving a 
non-indexed linked mortgage, the District Court decided to request an advisory opinion from the

--- Page 207 ---
195 
 
EFTA Court on part of the issues raised by the plaintiff. The timing of the EFTA Court's advisory 
opinion is uncertain, as well as its impact on the case. 
It is disputed in the three cases whether the terms of the Issuer's mortgages, and the method used by 
the Issuer to set variable interest rates, is in compliance with the Act on Mortgage Lending to 
Consumers no. 118/2016. That act is in this respect similar to the terms of Act no. 33/2013 on 
Consumer Credit. An unfavourable finding could therefore affect other loans to consumers bearing 
variable interest rates. Furthermore, the Issuer has received information requests from a legal firm 
representing over 1,200 customers of Icelandic commercial banks and loan institutions they deem to 
have a comparable right. 
It is the Issuer’s preliminary assessment of the potential impact of an adverse ruling on the Issuer’s 
loan portfolio with the same interest rate provision that the Issuer’s financial loss, taking different 
scenarios into account, could amount to around ISK 9 billion. The preliminary assessment does not 
include an assessment of the impact on the Issuer’s interest rate risk should an adverse final court 
ruling be that the initial contractual interest rates should be applied throughout the duration of the 
respective loans. Such a ruling, which the Issuer regards as unlikely, would significantly increase the 
Issuer’s interest rate risk and could have a considerable negative financial impact on the Issuer in 
times of increased market interest rates.  
The Issuer has reviewed the terms of its mortgages, other loan contracts and the methods used for the 
setting and resetting of variable interest rates in light of the above claims. The Issuer believes that the 
claims of the plaintiffs are unfounded and has not recognised a provision with regard to this matter. 
EC Clear ehf. 
In August 2021, EC Clear ehf., a former owner of a payment processing company, filed a suit jointly 
against the Issuer and four other financial institutions claiming damages in the amount of ISK 923 
million plus interest from June 2013, resulting from a breach of competition law that allegedly took 
place during the period from 2003 to 2013. This was the sixth time the case had been brought before 
the courts for this purpose, after previous cases had been dismissed. On 30 September 2022, the 
District Court of Reykjavík dismissed the case. On 10 January 2023, the Court of Appeal partly 
reversed the dismissal and ordered the District Court to hear the case in substance. The hearing of the 
case has not been decided. The Group has not recognised a provision in relation to this matter. 
Onsite inspection by the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland into the 
Issuer’s anti-money laundering measures 
The Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (FSA) conducted an onsite 
inspection of the Issuer’s anti-money laundering (AML) measures in the third quarter of 2022 as part 
of its supervision of regulatory compliance in the banking sector. The FSA identified certain 
shortcomings in relation to the Issuer’s risk assessment framework, the risk assessment framework for 
individual customers and transactions as well the performance of customer due diligence and regular 
monitoring of transactions. The Issuer has not challenged the FSA’s findings and has already made, 
and is continuing to make, improvements to its AML framework. The matter could result in a 
settlement and a fine. The Issuer has recognised an undisclosed provision in relation to this matter.  
Auditors 
Deloitte ehf., State Authorised Public Accountants of Dalvegur 30, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland, have 
audited the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023 
without qualification. Ernst & Young ehf., which voluntarily relinquished its license in December 
2023, audited the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021. The Issuer’s consolidated financial statements as of and for

--- Page 208 ---
196 
 
the years ended 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 were prepared in 
accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. 
Deloitte ehf. is a member of The Institute of State Authorised Public Accountants and independent 
within the meaning of Independent State Authorised Public Accountant. 
KPMG ehf., State Authorised Public Accountants of Borgartún 27, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland, was 
elected as the Issuer’s auditing firm at the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting held on 21 March 2024. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various 
activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial 
advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and 
brokerage activities.  Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have, directly or indirectly, 
performed investment and commercial banking or financial advisory services for the Issuer, for which 
they have received customary fees and commissions, and they expect to provide these services to the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the future, for which they also expect to receive customary fees and 
commissions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in the Issuer’s securities, including potentially the 
Covered Bonds.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Covered 
Bonds.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Covered Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date of the Covered Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price and on the basis of the rate of 
interest as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield 
to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Websites 
In this Base Prospectus, reference to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) are inactive 
textual references.  The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to 
be incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
Original language references 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under applicable law.

--- Page 209 ---
197 
 
 
ISSUER and CSD AGENT 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
Hagasmári 3 
201 Kópavogur 
Iceland 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND 
TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
Mayer Brown International LLP 
201 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 3AF 
United Kingdom  
 
To the Issuer and Dealers as to Icelandic law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
LOGOS 
Efstaleiti 5 
103 Reykjavík 
Iceland 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
Deloitte ehf.  
Smaratorgi 3 
201 Kopavogur 
Iceland 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 210 ---
198