--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
 
 
ÍSLANDSBANKI HF. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
€4,000,000,000 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
On 4 November 2011, Íslandsbanki hf. (the Issuer or the Bank) established a covered bond programme 
which is described in this Base Prospectus, under which the Issuer may from time to time issue European 
Covered Bonds (Premium) in a continuous and repeated manner (the Covered Bonds) in accordance 
with the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, No. 11/2008, as amended (the Act on Covered Bonds), any 
relevant executive orders (Icelandic: stjórnvaldsákvarðanir) and appurtenant regulations as may be 
supplemented, amended, modified or varied from time to time (as well as any judicial decisions and 
administrative pronouncements, all of which are subject to change, including with retroactive effect), 
(together the Covered Bonds Legislation) denominated in any Specified Currency.  
Under the €4,000,000,000 European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme (the Programme) described 
in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), the Issuer may from time to time issue Covered Bonds 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, Bearer Covered Bonds and 
Registered Covered Bonds) or in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (CSD Covered 
Bonds) and cleared through Nasdaq CSD Iceland or Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands CSD (together, the 
CSD). 
The Covered Bonds may be held in a manner which is intended to allow for Eurosystem eligibility. This 
simply means that the Covered Bonds may upon issue be deposited with Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg) or Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) as one of the international central 
securities depositaries as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at all time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. However, 
pursuant to the existing licence issued by the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of 
Iceland (the FSA) the programme shall never exceed a limit approved by the FSA. 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under  
“Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and, together, the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case 
of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Covered Bonds.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion 
of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation in respect of the Covered Bonds (other than 
Exempt Covered Bonds (as defined below)) issued under the Programme as described in this Base 
Prospectus. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Covered Bonds that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to the Covered Bonds which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area (the EEA) pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus. Application has been made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme (other than Exempt Covered Bonds) to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin 
(the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market (the Regulated Market). The Regulated 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Reference in this Base Prospectus to Covered 
Bonds being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted 
to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue (i) unlisted Covered Bonds, (ii) Covered Bonds admitted to a market 
in the EEA other than a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or (iii) Covered Bonds listed 
on other stock exchanges or markets outside the EEA, in each case, in respect of which no prospectus is 
required to be published pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation (together, Exempt Covered Bonds). 
Such Exempt Covered Bonds do not form part of the Base Prospectus and the Central Bank of Ireland 
has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with 
such Exempt Covered Bonds.   
The Issuer intends to request that the Central Bank of Ireland provide the competent authority in Iceland 
(Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland) with a certificate of approval attesting 
that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Notification). The Issuer may request the Central Bank of Ireland to provide competent 
authorities in additional Member States within the EEA with a similar notification. Following provision 
of the Notification, the Issuer may apply for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be listed 
and admitted to trading on the Nasdaq Iceland hf. (or on the regulated market of any other Member State 
to which a similar notification has been made), either together with a listing on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market or as a single listing. If any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are to be 
listed on the Nasdaq Iceland hf. (or on the regulated market of any other Member State to which a 
notification has been made), this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined herein). 
The Issuer has issuer credit ratings of BBB (long term debt) and A-2 (short term debt) from S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms as at the date of this Base Prospectus and be provided by S&P and/or any 
other rating agency as disclosed in the Final Terms from time to time. S&P is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). 
As such S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
 
authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Issuer may decide that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds described herein, in which event, a supplement to the Base Prospectus, 
if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the form of such Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), or with any state securities commission or any other United States 
regulatory authority and may include Covered Bonds in bearer form that are subject to United States tax 
law requirements. Accordingly, the Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold in the United States or 
to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Barclays  
The date of this Base Prospectus is 11 April 2023.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds") of 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. The information in the sections entitled 
“Financial Markets in Iceland” on pages 174 to 175 has been extracted from publications by the 
National Economic Institute, the Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank of Iceland, where 
indicated as such. The Issuer confirms that, in each case, such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
those sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and 
form part of this Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the information expressly included in 
this Base Prospectus or information set out in the documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
by reference herein (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the other information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
information set out on a website referred to in this document does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference. 
In relation to any Tranche, the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of such Tranche, 
the interest (if any) payable in respect of the Covered Bonds of such Tranche, the issue price and 
certain other information which is relevant to such Tranche will be set out in a final terms 
document (Final Terms) substantially in the form set out under “Form of Final Terms” below.  
In relation to Covered Bonds to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the Final Terms will be filed with 
the Central Bank of Ireland on or before the date of issue of the Covered Bonds of such Tranche. 
Copies of Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. Copies of Final 
Terms will also be available from the registered office of the Issuer and from the offices of the 
Paying Agent (as defined below). 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer or any of the Dealers.

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Covered Bonds (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Covered Bonds should purchase any Covered Bonds.  Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should make its own independent investigation of 
the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Covered Bonds constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Covered 
Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Covered Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Covered Bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do 
not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Covered 
Bonds or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required.  Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds.  In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered 
Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, Iceland and Norway), the People’s Republic 
of China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, the United Kingdom (UK) and Japan, see 
“Subscription and sale and Selling Restrictions”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer to the public in the 
EEA of Covered Bonds with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) only in circumstances where there is an exemption from the requirement under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  As a result, any offer of Covered Bonds to the 
public in any Member State of the EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Covered Bonds.  
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in 
the EEA may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer.  Further, this Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Covered

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
 
Bonds to the public in the UK with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency) will only be made pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the FSMA). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Covered Bonds to the public in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in 
any Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the 
help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the 
impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the relevant Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or interest payments is 
different from the currency in which such investor’s financial activities are principally 
denominated; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and is familiar with the 
behaviour of financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to 
what extent (i) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (ii) Covered Bonds can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge 
of any Covered Bonds.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and 
the terms of the Covered Bonds being offered, including the merits and risks involved.  The 
Covered Bonds have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the 
United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the 
accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any 
representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Dealers and the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws.  Any investor in the Covered

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
 
Bonds should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an 
indefinite period of time. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  (as amended, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms may include a legend entitled “UK MIFIR product governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. A distributor (as defined above) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference 
to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference 
rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not 
the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status 
of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.   
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled “Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA). Any such legend included 
on the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to “relevant persons” for purposes of section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA. Unless a legend is included in the applicable Final Terms as aforesaid, Covered 
Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the consolidated financial information of the Issuer as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from the 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 
2022, 2021 and 2020 (together, the Annual Financial Statements), which have been incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Annual Financial Statements 
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted 
by the European Union (EU).  
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed thereto in “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” or any other 
section of this Base Prospectus. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.  
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; to Sterling 
and £ refer to pounds sterling; and to ISK, króna or krónur refer to the currency of Iceland. In addition, 
all references to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
References in this document to "Coupons" and "Couponholders", "Receipts" and "Receiptholders" and 
"Talons" apply in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds only. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s intentions, beliefs or 
current expectations and projections about its future business, results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies and opportunities and the markets in 
which it operates.  They include statements concerning the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, 
future operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements.  
When used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “projects”, “expects”, 
“believes”, “hopes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “would”, “could”, “should”, 
and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements.  These forward looking 
statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of the Issuer” and other 
sections of this Base Prospectus.  The Issuer has based these forward looking statements on the current 
view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance, taking into account 
information currently available to the Issuer.  Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, 
estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this

--- Page 10 ---
x 
 
 
Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below 
or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's underlying 
assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer's actual results of operation may vary from 
those expected, estimated or predicted. The Issuer’s beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change 
as a result of possible events or factors, not all of which are known to the Issuer or are within its control. 
If a change occurs, the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, 
performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies or opportunities may vary materially from those 
expressed in, or suggested by, these forward-looking statements. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
 
the Issuer's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
 
the performance of the markets in Iceland and the wider region in which the Issuer 
operates; 
 
the Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and 
investments it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
 
the Issuer's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its 
existing and future investments and projects; 
 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer 
and its customers operate; and 
 
actions taken by the Issuer's joint venture partners that may not be in accordance with its 
policies and objectives. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, 
the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this 
Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained herein to 
reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on 
which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) or persons acting on behalf any Stabilisation Manager in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 12 ---
1 
 
Table of Contents 
1. 
Overview of the Programme ......................................................................................... 2 
2. 
Risk Factors ................................................................................................................ 13 
3. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ....................................................................... 52 
4. 
Form of the Covered Bonds ........................................................................................ 53 
5. 
Form of Final Terms ................................................................................................... 57 
6. 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds ............................................................. 79 
7. 
Use of Proceeds ........................................................................................................ 127 
8. 
Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered Bonds ................................. 130 
9. 
Description of the Issuer ........................................................................................... 140 
10. 
Cover Pool ................................................................................................................ 156 
11. 
The Icelandic Economy ............................................................................................ 160 
12. 
The Icelandic Housing Market.................................................................................. 162 
13. 
Financial Markets in Iceland ..................................................................................... 163 
14. 
Overview of the Transaction Documents.................................................................. 165 
15. 
Book-Entry Clearance systems ................................................................................. 177 
16. 
Taxation .................................................................................................................... 179 
17. 
Subscription and sale and Selling Restrictions ......................................................... 182

--- Page 13 ---
2 
 
1. 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree 
that Covered Bonds shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds, in which event, in the case of listed Covered Bonds only and if appropriate, a 
new prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the 
form of such Covered Bonds. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Covered Bonds” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds” shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
STRUCTURE OF PROGRAMME

--- Page 14 ---
3 
 
 
THE PARTIES 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300PZMFIQR79Q0T97 
Issuer: 
Íslandsbanki hf.  
 
The Issuer holds a licence from the Icelandic Financial 
Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland 
(Fjármálaeftirlitið) (the FSA) to conduct financing 
business as a commercial bank and a licence to issue 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the Icelandic Act on 
Covered Bonds no. 11/2008, as amended (the Act on 
Covered Bonds). 
Description: 
€4,000,000,000 European Covered Bond (Premium) 
Programme 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, acting through its investment 
bank (Barclays). 
Dealers: 
Barclays and any other Dealers appointed in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement. 
Independent 
Inspector  
(Sjálfstæður skoðunarmaður): 
The Issuer is required to appoint an independent inspector, 
and this appointment must be approved by the FSA.  The 
Independent Inspector will monitor the Register in 
accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds and the Rules 
and verify that the valuation of collateral for debt 
instruments in the Cover Pool is based on the prescribed 
methodology.  The Independent Inspector shall report 
regularly to the FSA on their observations, and immediately 
inform the FSA of any circumstances he or she becomes 
aware of, that could affect the FSA's assessment of the 
Issuer. The initial Independent Inspector has been appointed 
pursuant to an agreement with KPMG ehf. 
Cover Pool Swap Provider: 
The Issuer may enter into swaps from time to time with 
third party counterparties to convert ISK interest payments 
received by the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the 
Cover Pool (other than derivative agreements with qualified 
counterparties which are registered to the Cover Pool (the 
Eligible Swaps)) into floating payments linked to the rate 
of interest under the Covered Bonds (the Cover Pool 
Swap). 
Currency Swap Providers: 
The Issuer may enter into currency swaps (each a Currency 
Swap) from time to time with third party counterparties 
(each, a Currency Swap Provider), subject to currency 
restrictions in place at each time, in order to hedge currency 
risks arising from (a) Covered Bonds which are issued in 
currencies other than ISK and (b) assets (other than bonds 
as defined in Article 2 of the Act on Covered Bonds which

--- Page 15 ---
4 
 
are issued by borrowers and as described in Article 5 of the 
Act on Covered Bonds (Mortgage Bonds) and Eligible 
Swaps) which are registered to the Cover Pool and are 
denominated in ISK. 
Indexed Currency Swap Providers: 
The Issuer may enter into indexed currency swaps (each an 
Indexed Currency Swap) from time to time with third 
party counterparties (each, an Indexed Currency Swap 
Provider) in order to hedge currency risks arising from (a) 
Covered Bonds which are issued in currencies other than 
ISK and (b) assets which are registered to the Cover Pool 
and are denominated in ISK and inflation linked. 
Interest Rate Swap Providers: 
The Issuer may enter into single currency interest rate 
swaps (each, an Interest Rate Swap) from time to time 
with third party counterparties (each, an Interest Rate 
Swap Provider) in order to hedge the Issuer's interest rate 
risks in ISK and/or other currencies to the extent that they 
have not been hedged by the Cover Pool Swap or a 
Currency Swap.  
 
The Cover Pool Swap Provider, the Currency Swap 
Providers and the Interest Rate Swap Providers are together 
referred to as the Swap Providers. The Cover Pool Swap, 
each Currency Swap and each Interest Rate Swap are 
together referred to as the Swaps. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar 
Citibank Europe PLC 
CSD Agent: 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
KEY FEATURES 
 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu among themselves and with all other outstanding 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that have been 
provided equivalent priority of claim to Covered Bonds 
issued in accordance with the terms of the Act on Covered 
Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will be endorsed to show that they have 
the benefit of priority of claims to the Cover Pool (junior to 
costs incurred in connection with the operation, 
management, collection and realisation of the Cover Pool, 
and claims due to derivative agreements concluded in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act on Covered 
Bonds) and have been registered in the Register.  
Covered Bond Directive: 
The Covered Bonds are eligible for the label "European 
Covered Bond (Premium)".

--- Page 16 ---
5 
 
The Register: 
The rights of priority that covered bondholders and swap 
providers have with respect to the Covered Bonds arise 
from a registration being made in a register kept by the 
Issuer, containing details of the Covered Bonds and the 
assets in the Cover Pool.  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time.  
Composition of the Cover Pool: 
The Cover Pool will consist primarily of loans which are 
secured on interests in residential property, claims which 
the Issuer holds, or may acquire, against providers of Swaps 
and certain substitute assets. The assets comprising the 
Cover Pool will comply with requirements set out in the Act 
on Covered Bonds.  
See "Cover Pool – composition of assets" below. 
Liquidity buffer: 
Under the Act on Covered Bonds, the Issuer must maintain 
a cover pool liquidity buffer to cover the maximum 
cumulative net liquidity outflow on the Covered Bonds and 
related derivative contracts over the next 180 days. 
Relevant 
Reference 
Currency 
Swaps: 
In connection with a relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
denominated in a currency other than ISK and assigned a 
rating by S&P, the Issuer covenants to establish and 
maintain a collateral reserve account (a Collateral Reserve 
Account).  The Issuer may use amounts standing to the 
credit of the Collateral Reserve Account, in accordance 
with the provisions of the Deed of Covenant, to enter into a 
swap to exchange receipts from the assets comprising the 
Cover Pool payable in ISK and the amounts received in 
respect of and in the currency of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds.  
See "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Relevant Reference Currency Swaps" below.  
Asset Coverage Test: 
 
The Issuer shall determine the Asset Coverage Test on each 
Monthly Calculation Date. In the event of a breach of such 
Asset Coverage Test, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to allocate sufficient additional assets to the 
Cover Pool and register such assets in the Register in an 
aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Asset 
Coverage Test is met on the next following Monthly 
Calculation Date. 
See "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Asset Coverage Test" below

--- Page 17 ---
6 
 
Establishment of Issuer Accounts 
Upon the Issuer ceasing to be an Eligible Institution it shall, 
within 90 calendar days (or such longer period as may be 
agreed by S&P), following the first Business Day on which 
it ceases to be an Eligible Institution, establish one or more 
Issuer Accounts with an Eligible Institution.  Further, the 
Issuer shall, upon the occurrence of such ceasing, inter alia, 
(i) transfer all payments received from the Cover Pool to the 
relevant Issuer Account (ii) create security over each Issuer 
Account for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and 
(iii) register the Issuer Accounts and amounts standing to 
the credit thereof in the Register. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no Issuer Accounts 
have been established at an Eligible Institution by the 
Issuer. 
See "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Issuer Accounts" below. 
Obligations of the Issuer with 
respect to a Relevant Reference 
Currency 
Swap 
and 
the 
establishment of Issuer Accounts:  
The Issuer makes certain covenants with respect to 
operation of the Collateral Reserve Account and the Asset 
Coverage Test and the establishment of Issuer Accounts in 
the Deed of Covenant for the benefit of Covered 
Bondholders. 
In respect of the covenants made by the Issuer in respect of 
the Relevant Reference Currency Swap and the 
establishment of Issuer Accounts described further in 
"Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Relevant Reference Currency Swaps" and 
"Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Issuer Accounts" respectively, the obligations 
of the Issuer shall only apply upon it ceasing to maintain the 
relevant required ratings by S&P.  As such, no Currency 
Swap or Issuer Account shall, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, be required to be entered into or opened by 
Issuer (as applicable). 
Further, the obligation of the Issuer to open any Issuer 
Account shall cease in its entirety if at any time its long-
term issuer credit rating by S&P is at least BBB-, 
notwithstanding any subsequent downgrade of such rating. 
The only consequence of any failure of the Issuer to comply 
with the obligations set out in "Overview of the Transaction 
Documents – Deed of Covenant" shall be that the Issuer 
shall not be able to issue further Covered Bonds whilst such 
failure is continuing other than non-rated Covered Bonds 
denominated in ISK. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the

--- Page 18 ---
7 
 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or 
public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions 
including the rules on foreign exchange issued by the 
Central Bank of Iceland (the Central Bank), any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer including 
but not limited to U.S. Dollars, Euro, Sterling, Japanese 
Yen, Danish Krone, Norwegian Krone, Swedish Krona, and 
Icelandic Krona and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued either (i) in bearer form, 
(ii) in registered form or (iii) in the case of CSD Covered 
Bonds, in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
registered in the CSD. 
CSD Covered Bonds will not be evidenced by any physical 
Covered Bond or document of title.  Entitlements to CSD 
Covered Bonds will be evidenced by registration in the 
registers between the direct and indirect accountholders at 
the CSD. 
Terms of the Covered Bonds: 
The terms of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Currencies. 
Extendable obligations under the 
Covered Bonds: 
Following the failure by the Issuer to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered Bonds on their 
Maturity Date, payment of such unpaid amounts shall be 
deferred if the applicable Final Terms specifies that an 
Extended Maturity Date is applicable and a deferral of the 
Maturity Date is granted by the FSA at such time (a 
"Maturity Extension Approval"). 
Under the Act on Covered Bonds, a Maturity Extension 
Approval is subject to the following conditions: 
(a) 
the deferral is necessary for the purposes of: 
(i) 
preventing default on a Covered Bond or a 
derivative contract without the sale of 
assets at a substantial discount;

--- Page 19 ---
8 
 
(ii) 
early intervention by the FSA or the 
resolution of the Issuer in accordance with 
Act No. 70/2020 on Resolution of Credit 
Institutions and Investment Firms and Act 
No. 161/2002 on Financial Undertakings; 
or 
(iii) 
optimising 
the 
claims 
of 
Covered 
Bondholders 
and 
counterparties 
of 
derivative contracts upon the winding-up 
or liquidation of the Issuer; 
(b) 
that the deferral is explicitly authorised pursuant to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bond, 
which set out the final maturity date, maturity 
extension 
triggers, 
the 
consequences 
that 
insolvency or resolution of the Issuer may have on 
the extension and the role of the FSA with regard 
to such deferral; and 
(c) 
that the deferral does not affect the maturity 
schedule of other Covered Bonds collateralised by 
the same cover pool. 
With respect to paragraph (a)(ii) above, the objective of the 
Act referred to therein (as set out in Article 1 of such Act) 
is to preserve financial stability and minimise the adverse 
effects of financial shocks by protecting insured deposits 
and investors, client assets and the continuity of the 
undertaking’s critical functions and minimising the risk of 
distribution of funds from the National Treasury of Iceland. 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at 
an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par. 
Interest: 
The following types of Covered Bond may be issued: (a) 
Covered Bonds which bear interest at a fixed rate or a 
floating rate; (b) Covered Bonds which do not bear interest; 
and (c) Covered Bonds the redemption amount of which is 
calculated by reference to a specified factor such as 
movements in an index.  In addition, Covered Bonds which 
have any combination of the foregoing features may also be 
issued. 
 
Interest periods, rates of interest and the terms of and/or 
amounts payable on redemption may differ depending on 
the Covered Bonds being issued and such terms will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day

--- Page 20 ---
9 
 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc (ISDA)., 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series), or the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Series); or 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service; or on such other basis as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on the relevant Interest 
Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Covered Bonds.  
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Inflation Linked Annuity Covered 
Bonds: 
Covered Bonds that pay an Annuity Amount on such date 
or dates as decided by the Issuer and set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds that pay an Equal Payment Amount on such 
date or dates as decided by the Issuer and set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Instalment Covered Bonds: 
Instalment Covered Bonds may be issued on an instalment 
basis in which case such Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 21 ---
10 
 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than in specified instalments, if 
applicable, or for taxation reasons) or that such Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the Covered Bondholders.  The terms of any such 
redemption, including notice periods, any relevant 
conditions to be satisfied and the relevant redemption dates 
and prices will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Denomination of Covered Bonds:  
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, save that the minimum denomination of each 
Covered Bond will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amounts in such currency).  
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes 
imposed by any relevant Tax Jurisdiction, except as 
required by law, as provided in Condition 10.  In the event 
that any such deduction is required by law, the Issuer will, 
save in certain limited circumstances detailed in Condition 
10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Following insolvency of the Issuer:  
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the Covered Bonds 
of each Series will not become due and payable according 
to the Act on Covered Bonds. The winding up committee 
shall continue to fulfil the Issuer's commitments from the 
Cover Pool of assets. The Covered Bondholders will have 
priority recourse to the assets in the Cover Pool (junior to 
costs incurred in connection with the operation, 
management, collection and realisation of the Cover Pool, 
and claims due to derivative agreements concluded in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act on Covered 
Bonds), and rights to proceed directly against, amongst 
others, the Issuer. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an 
amount equal to the net proceeds (in respect of (b) below) 
from each issue of Covered Bonds will, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms be:

--- Page 22 ---
11 
 
(a) 
used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or  
(b) 
used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, the 
Issuer’s investments in Eligible Assets, as further 
described in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Issuer’s Sustainable Financing Framework dated 
28 October 2020 (as amended or supplemented 
from time to time) (the Sustainable Financing 
Framework) available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/docu
ments/ISB_Sustainable_Financing_Framework.pd
f); or 
(c) 
used to finance any other particular identified use 
of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rating: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Covered Bonds is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and be provided 
by S&P and/or any other rating agency as disclosed in the 
Final Terms from time to time. S&P is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such S&P is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Clearing Systems: 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be 
cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
CSD, and/or any other clearing system as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the Central Bank of Ireland 
to approve this document as a base prospectus in respect of 
Covered Bonds (other than Exempt Covered Bonds) to be 
issued under the Programme. Application has also been 
made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme (other than Exempt Covered Bonds) to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated 
Market. 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series.  Covered Bonds which are neither 
listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. Such Covered Bonds may be Exempt Covered 
Bonds (as defined in this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 23 ---
12 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Passporting: 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers in 
relation to a Series of Covered Bonds. In particular, 
Covered Bonds may be listed on Nasdaq Iceland hf., as 
more particularly described on page ii of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law, except for (i) the provisions of Condition 4 which shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Icelandic law and (ii) the registration of CSD Covered 
Bonds in the CSD and Condition 15.2, which shall, in each 
case, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Icelandic law. CSD Covered Bonds must comply with the 
regulations of the CSD, and the holders of CSD Covered 
Bonds will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the 
obligations and liabilities which arise under Icelandic 
regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including 
Italy, Iceland and Norway), the People’s Republic of China, 
Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK and Japan and 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, see "Subscription and sale and Selling 
Restrictions".  
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2 and TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 24 ---
13 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. There is a wide range 
of risk factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. It is not possible to identify all such risk factors, as the 
Issuer may not be aware of all relevant risk factors and certain risk factors which it currently deems to 
be non-material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. 
The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of risk factors which could materially 
adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under the Covered Bonds. The Issuer has 
assessed the materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact and has organised the following risk factors accordingly within 
each category, beginning with those estimated to be most significant to the Issuer. The order in which 
the categories of risk factors are presented does not necessarily reflect the probability of their 
occurrence or the magnitude of their potential impact, as the categories of risk factors mentioned herein 
could materialise individually or cumulatively. Any quantification of the significance of each individual 
category for the Issuer could be misguiding, as other categories of risks factors may materialise to a 
greater or lesser degree. 
In addition, risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing, and are specific to, the market 
risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in (or otherwise incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior 
to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Set forth below are certain risks that could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s future business, 
operating results or financial condition.  
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
The Issuer is subject to credit risk and may be unable to sufficiently assess credit risk of potential 
borrowers and may provide advances to customers that increase credit risk exposure 
The Issuer undertakes credit risk by offering loans, guarantees and other credit products. Credit risk is 
the primary risk factor in the Issuer’s operations and taking on credit risk is a core activity of the Issuer. 
Credit risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from an obligor’s 
potential failure to meet the terms of any contract with the Issuer. Failure to accurately assess credit risk 
could increase credit risk exposure which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial 
condition. 
Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may be unable to meet their 
obligations towards the Issuer 
Accurate and comprehensive financial information and other credit information may be limited for 
certain types of borrowers such as small enterprises or individuals. Despite any credit risk determination 
procedures the Issuer has in place, the Issuer may be unable to evaluate correctly the current financial 
condition of each prospective borrower to determine their long-term financial viability. Failure to 
address any risks associated with any borrower may lead to higher risk and could materially affect the 
Issuer’s business. As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s maximum exposure to credit risk amounted to 
ISK 1,756bn. Credit risk accounted for 89 per cent. of capital requirements under Pillar 1.

--- Page 25 ---
14 
 
The Issuer is subject to counterparty risk which may have an adverse effect on its cost of funds 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit 
quality of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration in the Icelandic economy 
or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in the financial markets, could affect the 
recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in its provision for bad and 
doubtful debts and other provisions. To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies the Issuer 
uses to hedge or otherwise manage its exposure to credit risk are not effective, it may not be able to 
mitigate effectively its risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of 
risk. The Issuer's earnings will depend upon how its critical accounting estimates prove accurate and 
upon how effectively it determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its risk concentrations. 
To the extent its assessments of migrations in credit quality and of risk concentrations, or its 
assumptions or estimates used in establishing its valuation models for the fair value of its assets and 
liabilities or for its loan loss reserves, prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, it could suffer 
higher than anticipated losses. 
The Issuer’s exposures to other financial institutions is substantial, some of which might become unable 
to satisfy their obligations to the Issuer. Such counterparties might become subject to resolution 
procedures in their home jurisdictions, such as under Directive 2014/59/EU (the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive or BRRD) for certain EU financial institutions or the United Kingdom Banking 
Act 2009 for certain UK financial institutions, which procedures might materially negatively impact the 
amount and/or timing of what the Group would receive from a financial counterparty should it be 
subject to resolution. 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio is concentrated in certain industries and borrowers 
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s loan portfolio to customers was exposed to concentration in 
certain industry sectors, namely individuals (48 per cent.), commerce and services (7 per cent.), real 
estate (10 per cent.), industrial and transportation (6 per cent.), the seafood industry (9 per cent.) and 
the tourism industry (9 per cent.). The Issuer’s financial condition is sensitive to downturns in these 
industries and the consequent inability of the Issuer’s customers to meet their obligations towards the 
Issuer. Decline in the financial condition of the Issuer’s largest borrowers could also materially affect 
the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In terms of geographic credit 
concentration most of the Issuer’s activities are in Iceland but the Issuer maintains a certain amount of 
international activities. The overseas strategy is built on a heritage of servicing the core industries in 
Iceland, primarily focusing on the seafood industry. The strategy focuses on the North Atlantic region, 
including Canada, the United States and Norway. As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s credit risk and 
credit concentration risk accounted for 83 per cent. of the total capital requirements. 
Increases in the Issuer’s loan losses or allowances for loan losses may have an adverse effect on its 
results 
The Issuer’s banking businesses establish provisions for loan losses, which are reflected in the provision 
for credit losses on its income statement, in order to maintain its allowance for loan losses at a level 
which is deemed to be appropriate by management based upon an assessment of prior loss experience, 
the volume and type of lending being conducted by each entity, industry standards, past due loans, 
economic conditions and other factors related to the collectability of the loan portfolio. Although the 
Issuer’s management uses its best efforts to establish the provision for loan losses, that determination 
is subject to significant judgment, and the Issuer’s banking businesses may have to increase or decrease 
their provisions for loan losses in the future as a result of increases or decreases in non-performing 
assets or for other reasons. To the extent its assumptions or estimates used in establishing its valuation 
models for the fair value of its assets and liabilities or for its loan loss reserves prove inaccurate or not 
predictive of actual results, it could suffer higher than anticipated losses. Any increase in the provision

--- Page 26 ---
15 
 
for loan losses, any loan losses in excess of the previously determined provisions with respect thereto 
or changes in the estimate of the risk of loss inherent in the portfolio of non-impaired loans could have 
a material effect on the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition.  
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s credit risk can be found in section 4 of the Issuer’s Pillar 
3 Report 2022 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is subject to market risks which may have material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of 
operations 
Market risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from adverse 
movements in the level or volatility of prices of market instruments, such as those that arise from 
changes in interest rates, inflation, equity prices and foreign exchange rates. Market risk is a key risk to 
the Issuer’s operations. The Issuer takes on market risk as a part of its business strategy. 
Market risk of the Issuer is split into two categories: risk in the trading book and risk in the banking 
book. Market risk due to mismatches in assets and liabilities with respect to currencies, interest reset 
dates and CPI- indexation falls in the banking book. Market risk in the banking book also includes 
exposures held for long-term investment purposes, in unlisted securities and holdings in subsidiaries or 
affiliates. Market risk exposures in the trading book arise in relation to short-term and medium-term 
trading in securities, currencies and other capital market instruments. Market risk in the trading book 
primarily arises from flow trading and market-making activities in listed securities, mainly equities and 
government bonds, as well as from bond holdings in the Issuer's liquidity portfolio. The Issuer is also 
exposed to currency risk in the trading book. The Issuer has controls in place to limit its trading book 
exposure; however, these controls may not be effective in all circumstances, and the Issuer could 
experience material losses in its trading book. The Issuer could also experience significant variations in 
its consolidated income statement in the Annual Financial Statements due to movements in the market 
value of marked to market securities. The Issuer's asset management division is also subject to market 
risk as there could be fluctuations in the markets in which the asset management operations hold assets. 
Changes in interest rates may impact the Issuer’s results 
The results of the Issuer’s operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity. Interest 
rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in market interest rates and changes in net 
interest income and investment income. The composition of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, and any 
gap position resulting from the composition, causes the interest income to vary as interest rates change. 
In addition, variations in interest rate sensitivity may exist within the re-pricing periods or between the 
different currencies in which the Issuer holds interest rate positions. A mismatch of interest earning 
assets and interest bearing liabilities in any given period may, in the event of changes in interest rates, 
have a material effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Issuer’s business. The 
Issuer might in some cases have limited ability to raise interest rates and margins on loans, without it 
resulting in increased impairments at the same time. The Issuer’s management of interest rate risk does 
not completely eliminate the effect of those factors on its performance. 
Price fluctuations of financial investments in the Issuer’s portfolio could materially affect the Issuer’s 
results of operations and financial condition 
The Issuer has an investment portfolio that includes mainly debt securities. If the price of these securities 
declines, this could substantially reduce the value of the Issuer’s securities portfolio. These securities 
are measured at fair value at the end of each financial period, and declines in the market value of the 
portfolio could accordingly materially affect the Issuer’s profitability, even if those declines have not 
been realised through the sale of the relevant securities. Price fluctuations could also materially affect 
the Issuer’s regulatory capital and the capital ratios that the Issuer is required to maintain under 
applicable law.

--- Page 27 ---
16 
 
The Issuer is also subject to the equity risk in its trading portfolios and in its banking book. The Issuer's 
equity risk arises from flow trading, market making, shares acquired through restructuring of 
companies, and strategic investments. Equity exposure in the trading book decreased in 2022 with an 
average position of ISK 1.7bn. The maximum equity exposure in the trading book was ISK 3bn in 2022. 
Equity exposure in the banking book, including fair value shares and shares held for sale amounted to 
ISK 6.9bn at the end of 2022. 
Changes in the inflation rate may negatively affect the profit and loss of the Issuer 
The Issuer is also exposed to inflation risk (CPI risk) since assets linked to the consumer price index, 
(as calculated by Statistics Iceland in accordance with the Act on Price Indexation No. 12/1995 
(Icelandic: Lög um vísitölu neysluverðs nr. 12/1995) and published monthly in the Legal Gazette 
(Icelandic: Lögbirtingablaðið) in Iceland (the Consumer Price Index or CPI)  do not match liabilities 
linked to the CPI. The value of these assets and liabilities changes according to changes in the CPI at 
any given time and all changes in the CPI affect the profit and loss of the Issuer. The total CPI-linked 
imbalance of the Issuer amounted to ISK 27 million as at 31 December 2022. Accordingly, changes in 
the inflation rate may negatively affect the profit and loss of the Issuer and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s operations and financial condition. 
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s market risk can be found in section 5 of the Issuer’s Pillar 
3 Report 2022 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is subject to liquidity risk which may have an adverse effect on its results 
The Issuer defines liquidity risk as the risk of not being able to fund its financial obligations or planned 
growth, or only being able to do so substantially above the prevailing market cost of funds. The Issuer’s 
liquidity risk policy assumes that the Issuer always strives to exceed regulatory liquidity ratio limits. 
The Issuer's main source of funding is customer deposits, which amounted to ISK 789,897 million as 
at 31 December 2022. Key measures for the assessment of liquidity risk are the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). At 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s LCR was 205 
per cent. and the NSFR was 118 per cent. The inability of the Issuer to anticipate and provide for 
unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability 
to meet its obligations as and when they fall due, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s results. 
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s liquidity risk management can be found in section 6 of 
the Issuer’s Pillar 3 Report 2022 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
There is operational risk associated with the Issuer’s industry which, when realised, may have an 
adverse impact on its results 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events. The Issuer, like all financial institutions, is exposed to many types of 
operational risk. including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees or outsiders, unauthorised 
transactions by employees or operational errors, including clerical or record keeping errors or errors 
resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems. The Issuer’s definition of operational 
risk includes reputational risk, legal risk, model risk, conduct risk and compliance risk among other risk 
factors. The top priorities of the Issuer in relation to operational risk as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
are outsourcing risk and information and communication technology risk. According to the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) results, operational risk accounted for 7 per cent. of total SREP 
capital requirement of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) (together, the Group) in 2022.

--- Page 28 ---
17 
 
The Issuer is vulnerable to the failure of IT systems and breaches of security systems 
Any significant interruption, degradation, failure or lack of capacity of the Issuer’s information 
technology (IT) systems could cause it to fail to complete transactions on a timely basis or at all and 
materially affect the Issuer. A sustained failure of the Issuer’s IT systems, or of critical third-party 
systems, would have a significant impact on its operations and the confidence its customers have in the 
reliability and safety of its banking systems and could therefore adversely impact the Issuer’s financial 
position. 
The secure transmission of confidential information is a critical element of the Issuer’s operations. The 
Issuer cannot guarantee that existing security measures will prevent security breaches, including break-
ins, viruses or disruptions. Persons that circumvent the security measures could use the Issuer’s or its 
customers’ confidential information wrongfully, which would expose the Issuer to loss, adverse 
regulatory consequences or litigation. Unauthorised disclosure of confidential information and personal 
data whether through cyber security breaches, viruses or otherwise could expose the Issuer to fines, 
liabilities and costly litigation and damage in reputation. 
The Issuer is vulnerable to disruptions of its operating systems and failures of its vendors 
Given the Issuer’s high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before 
they are discovered and successfully rectified. In addition, its dependence upon automated systems to 
record and process its transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee 
tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. The Issuer 
may also be subject to disruptions of its operating systems, arising from events that are wholly or 
partially beyond its control (including, for example, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, unsuccessful IT 
system updates, equipment malfunction or electrical or telecommunication outages), which may give 
rise to suspension of services to customers and loss to or liability to the Issuer. The Issuer is further 
exposed to the risk that external vendors may be unable to fulfil their contractual obligations to the 
Issuer (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees 
as the Issuer), and to the risk that its (or its vendors’) business continuity and data security systems 
prove not to be sufficiently adequate. The Issuer also faces the risk that the design of its controls and 
procedures prove inadequate, or are circumvented, thereby causing delays in detection of errors in 
information. Although the Issuer has increased focus on operational risk and operational risk 
measurement framework, there can be no assurance that it will not suffer losses from operational risks 
in the future, as it has in the past, which may be material in amount. 
Shortfalls in the Issuer’s risk management methods may leave the Issuer exposed to unidentified, 
unanticipated, or incorrectly quantified risks, which would lead to material losses or material increases 
in liabilities 
The Issuer will at all times attempt to properly manage risks. The Issuer’s risk management may not at 
all times be able to protect the Issuer against certain risks, especially risks that have not been identified 
or anticipated. The risk management methods may not take all risks into account, and it is possible that 
the methods are incorrect or based on wrong information. Unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risk 
exposures could materially affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer relies on certain key members of management 
The Issuer is highly dependent on the talent of its key personnel, in particular its Chief Executive Officer 
and senior management, many of whom have been employed by the Issuer for a substantial period of 
time. The loss of key members of its senior management or staff may significantly delay the Issuer’s 
ability to implement its business objectives and strategies and could have a material adverse effect on 
its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there is competition between

--- Page 29 ---
18 
 
businesses in Iceland which could hinder the Issuer’s ability to recruit and retain new senior managers 
if competitors of the Issuer are able to offer more competitive salaries and better incentivise individuals.  
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s operational risk can be found in section 7 of the Issuer’s 
Pillar 3 Report 2022 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
RISKS RELATING TO MACROECONOMIC AND OTHER BUSINESS CONDITIONS 
The Issuer’s results may be adversely affected by general economic conditions and other business 
conditions 
The Issuer’s results are affected by general economic and other business conditions. These conditions 
include changing economic cycles that affect demand for investment and banking products. These 
cycles are also influenced by global political events, such as terrorist acts, war and other hostilities as 
well as by market specific events, such as shifts in consumer confidence and consumer spending, the 
rate of unemployment, industrial output, labour or social unrest and political uncertainty. 
In particular, the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations are affected directly by 
economic and political conditions in Iceland as almost all of the Issuer’s business activities take place 
in Iceland.  
There is great uncertainty concerning economic development in Iceland’s main trading partner countries 
and concerning the downturn in consumption occurring throughout the world. Expected loss rates are, 
among other factors, dependent upon unemployment, inflation and exchange rates as well as possible 
changes in legislation and compliance. The recovery rates also depend on asset price evolvement and 
legislation changes concerning liquidation of assets. Such changes in the general economic conditions 
and other business conditions may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results.  
The Russian invasion of Ukraine has created significant uncertainty and financial market volatility and 
could have adverse effects on the Icelandic, European and global economies 
In late February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, significantly amplifying already existing geopolitical 
tensions among Russia, Ukraine and other countries in the region, and the West, including the United 
States. Russia’s invasion, the responses of countries and political bodies, such as the European Union 
and NATO, to Russia’s actions, the larger overarching tensions, and Ukraine’s military response and 
the potential for wider conflict have created significant uncertainty and financial market volatility and 
could have adverse effects on the Icelandic economy as well as the wider European and global economy, 
including the markets for commodities such as crude oil and natural gas. Following Russia’s actions, 
many countries, including the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Canada, as 
well as the European Union, issued broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia. Such sanctions 
included, among other things, a prohibition on doing business with certain Russian companies, large 
financial institutions, officials and oligarchs; a commitment by certain countries and the European 
Union to remove selected Russian banks from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial 
Telecommunications (SWIFT), the electronic banking network that connects banks globally; and 
restrictive measures to prevent the Russian Central Bank from undermining the impact of the sanctions. 
The current sanctions (and potential further sanctions in response to continued Russian military activity) 
and other actions are not only likely to have a significant adverse impact on various sectors of the 
Russian economy, but are also likely to adversely affect the Icelandic economy and  the wider European 
and global economy as well as financial and energy markets. GDP growth in 2022 was at a rate of 6.4 
per cent. According to Statistics Iceland’s preliminary data  as the Icelandic economy rebounded from 
the 2020 recession and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (see “The Icelandic Economy” on page 
160). It is likely, however, that the gross domestic product (GDP) of Iceland will be weakened as a 
result of the war and its impact on private consumption growth in consumer markets and export growth.

--- Page 30 ---
19 
 
Moreover, global inflationary pressures are likely to increase and dampen consumer and household 
purchasing power, with consumer sentiment negatively impacted.   
While diplomatic efforts have been ongoing, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine is currently 
unpredictable and has the potential to result in broadened military actions. The duration of ongoing 
hostilities and such sanctions and related events cannot be predicted. These factors, as well as 
uncertainty as to future relations between Russia, the European Union, Iceland and other countries in 
the West, or between Russia and the eastern European countries, may have a negative impact on the 
Issuer’s margins, business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Systemic risk could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
Concerns about, or a default by, one financial institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, 
losses or defaults by other financial institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial 
institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between 
these institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may materially affect 
financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and 
exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis, and could materially affect the Issuer’s 
business operations and results. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS MODEL AND THE OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE OF 
THE ISSUER 
The Bank, its operations and its management may continue to come under the public spotlight from 
time to time for as long as the Icelandic state has an ownership interest in the Bank  
The Icelandic state, through the Icelandic State Financial Investments (ISFI), remains, as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, a major shareholder of the Bank and as a result, the Bank, its operations and its 
management continue to occupy the public spotlight and be subject to public scrutiny from time to time. 
It cannot be excluded that in the future, the Bank will be in the public spotlight and come under pressure 
to change aspects of its corporate governance, policies and certain operations or to review past practices. 
This may force the Group to spend potentially significant amounts of management time and incur 
significant expense.  
Further reductions of the Icelandic state's interest in the Bank may result in a perception of increased 
risk by investors and customers, including depositors  
Following the initial public offering of shares of the Issuer in June 2021, the Icelandic state, through 
the ISFI, held 65 per cent. of the Bank's share capital. On 22 March 2022, the Icelandic state, through 
the ISFI, sold 22.5 per cent. of its holding in Íslandsbanki via an accelerated book-building offering of 
existing shares (the Offering) to qualified domestic and international investors (the Transaction). 
Following the completion and settlement of the Transaction on 28 March 2022, the Icelandic state, 
through the ISFI, holds 42.50 per cent. of the Bank's share capital. According to the Icelandic State 
Budget for the year 2022 the Icelandic State intends to sell its shares in the Bank in full over the next 
two years, the first half in the year 2022 and the remainder in the year 2023. The timing and the form 
of any further offerings of shares by the ISFI are uncertain. Such sales may result in a perception of 
increased risk by investors, counterparties and clients, including depositors, with respect to the safety 
of customer deposits, the Bank's capital position, risk profile and the Bank's soundness in general as 
some investors and customers may have taken comfort from the Icelandic state's shareholding in the 
Bank. This could lead to a general decrease in investor, counterparty and customer confidence, which 
may, for example, result in a reduction of customer deposits. The materialisation of any of these events 
could materially and adversely affect the market price of the Bank's securities and its business, financial 
condition and results of operations.

--- Page 31 ---
20 
 
Disruptions, dislocations, structural challenges and market volatility in financial markets could 
materially and adversely affect the Bank's banking and funding activities and could materially and 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
Financial markets can experience, sometimes sustained, periods of unpredictable movements, severe 
dislocations, liquidity disruptions and economic shocks. These market conditions could lead to volatility 
in the Bank's profitability and in (the composition of) its balance sheet caused by price changes and 
changes in the demand for some of the Group's banking services and products. Such conditions could 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. These market conditions may also impede the Bank's ability to sufficiently and timely raise 
funding and capital. This could result in, among other things, a delay in raising funding or capital, the 
issuance of capital and funding of different types or under different terms than otherwise would have 
been issued or realised, or the incurrence of additional or increased funding and capital costs compared 
to the costs borne in a more stable market environment. Furthermore, the Bank's hedging and other risk 
management strategies, such as balance sheet steering and interest rate management, may not be as 
effective at mitigating risks as such strategies would be under more normal market conditions. This 
could potentially lead to a decrease of the Bank's profitability, financial condition and financial 
flexibility. Financial markets are susceptible to severe events characterised by rapid depreciation in 
asset values accompanied by a reduction in liquidity. Under such conditions, market participants are 
particularly exposed to the market behaviour of market participants simultaneously thereby on a large 
scale unwinding or adjusting positions, which may even further exacerbate rapid decreases in values of 
the Bank's assets or collateral held in its favour and which could cause liquidity tensions and disruptions. 
These market conditions may cause a decline in the profitability, an increase in unrealised losses in the 
Group's various (asset) portfolios, and a reduction in unrealised gains in the Bank's various (asset) 
portfolios. 
The economies in which the Group is active may continue to face structural challenges, which could 
contribute to renewed high volatility in both the debt and the equity markets. Any deterioration of the 
sovereign debt market in the Eurozone or elsewhere, or other economic shocks could materially and 
adversely affect the Bank's results of operations, financial condition and prospects, as well as the Bank's 
funding and capital transactions and hedging and other risk management strategies. Other events may 
also affect the financial markets, such as heightened geopolitical tensions, war, acts of terrorism, natural 
disasters or other similar events. There is no assurance that market volatility will not result in a 
prolonged market decline, or that such market declines for other reasons will not occur in the future. 
Severe market events have historically been proven to be difficult or impossible to predict, and could 
lead to the Bank realising significant losses, especially if they were to persist for an extended period of 
time. Therefore, market volatility, liquidity disruptions, or market dislocations could materially and 
adversely affect the Bank's banking, capital and funding activities and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Issuer’s insurance coverage may not adequately cover losses resulting from the risks for which it 
is insured 
The Issuer maintains customary insurance policies for the Issuer’s operations, including insurance for 
liquid assets, money transport and directors’ and officers’ liability. The Issuer’s business involves risks 
of liability in relation to litigation from customers, employees, third-party service providers, and action 
taken by regulatory agencies, and there is a risk that these may not be adequately covered by the 
insurance or at all. Due to the nature of the Issuer’s operations and the nature of the risks that the Issuer 
faces, there can be no assurance that the coverage that the Issuer maintains is adequate which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations and financial condition.

--- Page 32 ---
21 
 
RISKS RELATING TO CAPITAL AND OTHER REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
ISSUER 
The Issuer’s capital management framework is based on Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD IV) and 
Regulation 575/2013/EU (CRR), which have already been implemented into Icelandic legislation. For 
more information on the Issuer’s capital requirements, see “Business Overview — Regulatory and Tax 
Environment — Capital Requirements”. 
Any failure by the Issuer to maintain any increased regulatory capital requirements or to comply with 
any other requirements introduced by regulators could result in intervention by regulators or the 
imposition of sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s profitability and 
results and may also have other effects on the Issuer’s financial performance and on the pricing of the 
Covered Bonds, both with or without the intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions.  
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability 
through increased regulation of financial institutions, and their corresponding capital and liquidity 
positions.  This has resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages 
of implementation and which may have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in 
covered bond exposures and/or on the incentives for certain investors to hold covered bonds, and may 
thereby affect the liquidity of such securities.  Investors in the Covered Bonds are responsible for 
analysing their own regulatory position and none of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger(s) makes 
any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Covered Bonds regarding the 
treatment of their investment on the Issue Date or at any time in the future. 
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) has approved 
a series of significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes 
being referred to by the BCBS as Basel III).  Basel III provides for a substantial strengthening of 
existing prudential rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with 
heightened requirements for global systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio 
"backstop" for financial institutions and certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio and the Net Stable Funding Ratio).  BCBS member countries agreed to 
implement the initial phase of the Basel III reforms from 1 January 2013 and the second phase from 1 
January 2022, subject to transitional and phase-in arrangements for certain requirements.  In December 
2017, BCBS published the final phase of the Basel III framework, which included (i) the standardised 
approach for credit risk, (ii) internal ratings-based approach for credit risk, (iii) minimum capital 
requirements for credit valuation adjustment risk, (iv) minimum capital requirements for operational 
risk, (v) output floor and (vi) leverage ratio. In addition, the BCBS published the revised minimum 
capital requirements for market risk in January 2019. As part of the European Union’s banking package 
of 2021, and in order to implement the final phase of the Basel III Framework, the European 
Commission adopted, in October 2021, a proposal to amend Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (CRR III 
Proposal) and a proposal to amend Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD VI Proposal). The CRR III Proposal 
and CRD VI Proposal include several European Union-specific deviations from the final phase of the 
Basel III Framework. The outcome of the future legislative negotiations, regarding the CRR III Proposal 
and CRD VI Proposal, is uncertain and may result in expansions of, or limitations on, the European 
Union-specific deviations from the final phase of the Basel III Framework. 
As the implementation of Basel III requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for its 
implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of covered bonds, may be subject to some 
level of national variation.  As long as the CRR III Proposal and CRD VI Proposal have not been finally 
adopted as European Union law, the Issuer cannot determine their precise effects on its own financial 
performance or the impact on the pricing of its Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.

--- Page 33 ---
22 
 
It should also be noted that changes to regulatory capital requirements have been made for insurance 
and reinsurance undertakings through participating jurisdiction initiatives, such as the Solvency II 
framework in Europe. 
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements described above 
(and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in addition to 
any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Covered Bonds.  
No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISK 
Regulatory changes in Iceland  
On 1 March 2023 the Icelandic legislature completed the implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 
(the Covered Bond Directive) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 implementing certain amendments to 
Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (the CRR and together with the Covered Bond Directive, the 
EU Covered Bond Rules) into Icelandic law.  Implementation of the EU Covered Bond Rules has 
imposed certain new requirements on the Issuer, such as a new liquidity buffer requirement of 180 days 
and objective requirements for exercise of extendable maturity (aka ‘soft bullet’) rights by the Issuer 
(see "Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds").  The Covered Bonds are expected to be fully 
compliant with the CRR and therefore qualify for a 20 per cent. risk weighting in eligible European 
jurisdictions.  However, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how any of the regulatory developments 
described above or other regulatory changes not currently known to the Issuer will impact the treatment 
of the Covered Bonds for investors.  Investors should make their own assessment of the implications of 
the CRR (and other relevant regulation) on their holding of the Covered Bonds. 
Regulatory changes or enforcement initiatives could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
As a financial institution, the Issuer must comply with a comprehensive set of laws and regulations. 
The legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer is constantly changing and the Issuer puts substantial 
resources into monitoring and implementing these changes to ensure full compliance. Regulatory 
agencies have broad administrative power over many aspects of the financial services business, which 
may include liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, investor protection, ethical issues, 
money laundering, privacy, record keeping, and marketing and selling practices. Banking and financial 
services laws, regulations and policies currently governing the Issuer and its subsidiaries may change 
at any time in ways which have a material effect on the Issuer’s business. Furthermore, the Issuer cannot 
predict the timing or form of any future regulatory initiatives. Changes in existing banking and financial 
services laws and regulations may materially affect the way in which the Issuer conducts its business, 
the products or services it may offer and the value of its assets. If it fails, or appears to appropriately 
fail to address these changes or initiatives, its reputation could be harmed and it could be subject to 
additional legal risk, which could, in turn, increase the size and number of claims and damages asserted 
against it or subject it to enforcement actions, fines and penalties. Regulatory agencies have the power 
to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against the Issuer, which could result, among other 
things, in suspension or revocation of its licenses, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal 
penalties or other disciplinary action which could materially harm its results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Icelandic government has passed and issued many statutes and regulations affecting the banking 
and financial services industry since 2008. There can be no assurance that the Icelandic government 
will not enact new regulations.

--- Page 34 ---
23 
 
The Issuer has a high proportion of inflation-linked mortgage loans and there is a risk that legislation 
might be imposed which varies the terms of those loans in a manner that is adverse to the Issuer 
A high proportion of the Issuer’s mortgage loans are inflation-linked. Under these loans, the monthly 
repayment increases if and to the extent that inflation in Iceland increases. Following the financial crisis 
in 2008, inflation in Iceland increased significantly. This resulted in higher payments falling due under 
inflation-linked loans at the same time as borrowers faced lower wages and less purchasing power. 
There was significant debate in Iceland regarding these loans in the period preceding the parliamentary 
elections in April 2013. The Icelandic government announced at the end of November 2013 an action 
plan aimed at reducing the country's housing debt. On the basis of the action plan, the Icelandic 
Parliament passed Act No. 35/2014 and Act No. 40/2014. The objective of Act No. 35/2014 was to 
write down the principal of indexed residential mortgages. Act No. 40/2014, which amended the 
Pension Act No. 129/1997, authorised households with residential mortgages, in the period between 1 
July 2014 and 30 June 2017, to use payments which would otherwise go to a private pension fund to 
reduce the principal amount of their mortgages. This option has since been extended until 30 June 2023. 
This option is open to all residential mortgage holders regardless of the form of their mortgage. This 
action plan was financed by an increase in the Bank Levy (see “Business Overview — Regulatory and 
Tax Environment — Tax Environment”) that has increased the Issuer’s financial burden and decreased 
its profitability. There is a risk that additional legislation may be adopted or other government action 
taken to reduce the payment burden under inflation-linked mortgages. Should this occur, it would have 
a materially negative impact on the Issuer’s loan portfolio, financial condition and results of operations.  
Changes in tax laws or in their interpretation could harm the Issuer’s business 
The Issuer’s results of operations could be harmed by changes in tax laws and tax treaties or the 
interpretation thereof, changes in corporate tax rates and the refusal of tax authorities to issue or extend 
advanced tax rulings. 
In addition to the basic corporate income tax rate of 20 per cent. in Iceland, the Icelandic Parliament 
passed the Act on Special Tax on Financial Undertakings, No. 155/2010, in December 2011 (Act on 
Special Tax on Financial Undertakings), under which certain types of financial institutions, including 
the Issuer, are required to pay an annual levy of the carrying amount of their liabilities as determined 
for tax purposes. In 2013 the levy was increased and set at 0.376 per cent. of the total debt of the Issuer 
excluding tax liabilities in excess of ISK 50 billion at the end of the year. Non-financial subsidiaries are 
exempt from this tax. The Act on Special Tax on Financial Undertakings was amended in March 2020 
with Act No. 25/2020 in relation to measures from the Icelandic Government and the Central Bank due 
to the COVID-19 pandemic reducing the levy to 0.145 per cent in 2020. 
According to the Icelandic Act No. 90/2003 on Income Tax, as amended (ITA) payments of Icelandic 
sourced interest by an Icelandic debtor, such as the Issuer, to a foreign creditor, including holders of 
bonds, who are not Icelandic are taxable in Iceland and can be subject to withholding tax at the rate of 
12.0 per cent. This withholding is applicable unless the foreign creditor can demonstrate and obtain 
approval from the Iceland Internal Revenue that an exemption applies, such as the existence of a 
relevant double taxation treaty, and in such case the provisions of the double tax treaty will apply. The 
exemption, subject to certain other requirements, applies to bonds that are held through a clearing 
system, such as CSD, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, within a member state of the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the EEA, a founding member 
state of European Free Trade Association (EFTA) or the Faroe Islands. Bonds issued by the Issuer are 
subject to the aforementioned exemption. 
According to the Act on Tax on Financial Activities, No. 165/2011, certain types of financial 
institutions, including the Issuer, are required to pay a special additional tax levied on all remuneration 
paid to employees. The levy is currently set at 5.5 per cent. of such remuneration. Additionally, 
according to Article 71 of the ITA, a special additional income tax on legal entities liable for taxation

--- Page 35 ---
24 
 
according to Article 2 of Act No. 165/2011, which includes the Issuer is set at 6.0 per cent. on income 
over ISK 1 billion, disregarding joint taxation and transferable losses. The aforementioned taxes and 
levies placed on the Issuer increases the cost burden on the Issuer and subjects it to a competitive 
disadvantage relative to other competitors, which are not subject to such taxes or levies. See further in 
“Description of the Issuer – Tax Environment”. The Issuer may be subject to additional taxes or levies 
in the future, so there can be no assurance that additional taxes and levies could increase the Issuer’s 
cost of funding and operating costs generally, reduce the ability of the Issuer to compete effectively 
with other lenders and/or decrease the Issuer’s lending volumes and margins any of which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of 
operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. Any such increase could 
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Issuer and its ability to make payments 
in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Iceland’s national implementation of EEA rules may be inadequate in certain circumstances 
As a member state of the EEA, Iceland is obligated to implement parts of European Union law. A large 
amount of Icelandic legislation relating to the financial services industry, such as the legislation on 
financial undertakings, securities transactions and other legislation relating to financial markets, is 
implemented from EU law. If the state fails to draft national law in a way that conforms with EEA rules, 
Icelandic citizens may not be able to rely on EU law, and the Icelandic courts could be restricted from 
applying them unless the Icelandic legislation can be interpreted in a way which conforms with EU 
legislation. As a result, Covered Bondholders may not, in all circumstances, enjoy the same legal 
protection they would expect as holders of securities issued by issuers in EU member states where EU 
instruments are directly applicable or have been adequately implemented into national legislation. 
Moreover, there can be errors in the implementation of EU law and in those cases, Icelandic law will 
be deemed to prevail in the Icelandic courts. Inconsistencies between EU law and Icelandic law can 
lead to uncertainty over which rules the Issuer must follow, which can take up a lot of the Issuer's 
resources and time in trying to identify which rules to follow.  
There can be a delay before Icelandic law implements EU legislation, which could also feed into the 
Issuer's uncertainty as to which rules it must comply with. Icelandic authorities may try to reduce 
uncertainty by working off requirements under the new EEA rules, which are in the process of being 
implemented. As a result, the Issuer may be unable to rely on the precise wording of current statutes or 
draw guidance from legislative preparatory works. Working to comply with regulations which are 
changing can be resource intensive and exposes the Issuer to a risk of non-compliance.  
There may be circumstances in which courts may give judgments in ISK and/or in which a judgment of 
courts other than the Icelandic courts may not be enforceable in Iceland (or, if it is enforceable in 
Iceland, which may result in the judgment creditor receiving ISK) 
There may be circumstances in which a court hearing a dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Bonds may give judgment in ISK. Further, judgments given by courts 
other than the Icelandic courts may not necessarily be enforceable against the Issuer in Iceland. Even if 
a judgment is enforceable in Iceland, the enforcement process may result in the judgment creditor 
receiving ISK.  
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Iceland in the courts of a state which is not a 
party to the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil 
and Commercial Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) as a 
Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in 
Iceland as a matter of law without a retrial on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a matter 
of evidence before the courts of law of Iceland). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the United 
Kingdom and Iceland are not bound by any agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual recognition 
and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Covered Bonds. The United Kingdom has

--- Page 36 ---
25 
 
applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an independent contracting state, but the other 
contracting states have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, not approved the application. As a result, 
a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Covered Bonds obtained in the courts of 
England against the Issuer, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Iceland. However, 
if a Covered Bondholder brings a new action in a competent court in Iceland, the final judgment 
rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Icelandic court, but will only be regarded as 
evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Icelandic court has full discretion to 
rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or 
prevent the enforcement by Covered Bondholders of the Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Following is a list of pending or threatened proceedings against the Issuer which might have significant 
effects on the Issuer´s financial position or profitability if not ruled in favour of the Issuer. 
Except as described below, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have, or have had, a significant effect on the 
Issuer financial position or profitability. 
Borgun hf. Landsbankinn  
Borgun hf., (currently SaltPay IIB hf.) a former subsidiary of Íslandsbanki, is a payment acquirer and 
issuing processor. Landsbankinn hf. sold its 31.2 per cent. stake in Borgun hf. in late 2014. 
Landsbankinn claims that Borgun's management did not disclose all available information that might 
have affected the value of Borgun during the sales process, namely the value of its stake in Visa Europe 
which was sold to Visa International shortly after the Borgun sale. In order to reclaim the alleged loss, 
Landsbankinn filed a lawsuit against Borgun and others on 12 January 2017, claiming the right to 
damages for having been deprived of the true value of the stake involved in the sale. Landsbankinn does 
not quantify the claim, but its estimate of the lost profit from having sold its shares in Borgun is 
approximately ISK 1,930 million. Court appointed senior assessors presented their reassessment in 
April 2021 which corroborates the previous assessment of Borgun's obligation to disclose. Furthermore, 
the senior assessors estimated that Borgun's share in Visa as of 31 December 2013 would have 
amounted to at least ISK 387 million. The hearing of the case in front of the District Court of Reykjavík 
is scheduled in the first quarter of 2023. 
On 11 March 2020, the Bank signed an agreement to sell its 63.47 per cent. stake in Borgun hf. to 
SaltPay Co Ltd. and concluded the sale on 7 July 2020. In the agreement the Bank undertook to 
reimburse 63.47 per cent. of losses incurred by Borgun or the buyer as a result of an unfavourable 
outcome in the Landsbankinn case, however such reimbursement was never to exceed the Bank's share 
in the purchase price. The Group has not recognised a provision in relation to this matter. 
105 Miðborg slhf. - ÍAV hf. 
In February 2021 the alternative investor fund 105 Miðborg slhf., operated by Íslandssjóðir hf. (Iceland 
Funds hf.), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, terminated its contractor agreement with ÍAV hf., 
a contractor that had been retained for a real estate project at Kirkjusandur in the centre of Reykjavík. 
The main reason for the termination was the alleged non-performance and delays in the construction of 
one building on the premises. The contractor, ÍAV, has claimed approximately ISK 3,829 million in 
damages plus late payment interest and legal costs from 105 Miðborg and Iceland Funds for the alleged 
unlawful termination. The suit was filed on 11 May 2021 at the District Court of Reykjavík. 
Additionally, 105 Miðborg has filed a case against ÍAV claiming approximately ISK 3,878 million in 
damages plus late payment interest and legal cost due to alleged delays and significant breaches of 
contract. The Bank owns a 8.25 per cent. stake in 105 Miðborg. The Group has not recognised a 
provision in respect of this matter.

--- Page 37 ---
26 
 
The Consumers' Association of Iceland 
In December 2021 three customers, sponsored by the Consumers' Association of Iceland, commenced 
litigation against the Bank, demanding that the court rules that certain provisions of their residential 
mortgages, governing variable interest rates, be deemed illegal and unenforceable and demand the 
repayment of any overpaid interest.  
Firstly, two of the cases, were brought by customers owing CPI linked mortgages, that contain a certain 
interest resetting provision, that the Supreme Court found in its ruling on case no. 623/2016, could not 
be used by the Bank to reset interest rates. Following the judgement, the Bank repaid its customers any 
interest that the Bank had charged in excess of the originally agreed interest rate and returned the 
affected loans to their original interest rates. In the case now brought to the courts, the customers 
maintain that instead of the originally agreed interest rates, their loans should incur interest rates 
pursuant to article 4 of Act no. 38/2001 on interest and price indexation. An unfavourable finding by 
the court may have an influence on the Bank's portfolio of loans and fully paid loans that contained the 
resetting provision, disputed in case no. 623/2016. The Group estimates that the financial impact of an 
unfavourable ruling in an adverse scenario could lie in the range of ISK 3 to 5 billion. 
Secondly, a case has been brought against the Bank by a customer owing a non-index linked mortgage 
bearing variable interest rates. The plaintiff maintains that the terms governing the variable interest rates 
are invalid and may not be used by the Bank as basis for setting interest rates, and that therefore the 
originally agreed interest rate should remain fixed during the term of the loan. An unfavourable ruling 
in this case may affect all indexed and non-index linked mortgages bearing variable interest rates, as 
well as any loans bearing fixed interest rates to be reset on a predefined date. 
In April 2022, the plaintiffs in two of the cases submitted claims that an advisory opinion by the EFTA 
Court should be requested on the interpretation of certain provisions in directives incorporated into the 
EEA Agreement. On 13 December 2022, the District Court issued its rulings. In the case involving a 
CPI linked mortgage, the Court rejected the plaintiff's request. In the case involving a non-indexed 
linked mortgage, the District Court decided to request an advisory opinion from the EFTA Court on 
part of the issues raised by the plaintiff. The timing of the EFTA Court's advisory opinion is uncertain, 
as well as its impact on the case. 
It is disputed in the three cases whether the terms of the Bank's mortgages, and the method used by the 
Bank to set variable interest rates, is in compliance with the Act on Mortgage Lending to Consumers 
no. 118/2016. That act is in this respect similar to the terms of Act no. 33/2013 on Consumer Credit. 
An unfavourable finding could therefore affect other loans to consumers bearing variable interest rates. 
Furthermore, the Bank has received information requests from a legal firm representing over 1,200 
customers of Icelandic commercial banks and loan institutions they deem to have a comparable right. 
In the event of an unfavourable ruling and a subsequent finding that the affected loans should bear a 
fixed rate of interest instead of a variable interest rate, the Bank's interest rate risk would rise 
significantly, that could lead to a significant financial loss in the event of adverse developments of 
interest rates in the capital markets. The Bank believes that this is a very unlikely scenario. The Bank 
has reviewed the terms of its mortgages, other loan contracts and the methods used for the setting and 
resetting of variable interest rates in light of the above claims. The Bank believes that the claims of the 
plaintiffs are unfounded and has not recognised a provision with regard to this matter. 
EC Clear ehf. 
In August 2021, EC Clear ehf., a former owner of a payment processing company, filed a suit jointly 
against the Issuer and four other financial institutions claiming damages in the amount of ISK 923 
million plus interest from June 2013, resulting from a breach of competition law that allegedly took 
place during the period from 2003 to 2013. This was the sixth time the case had been brought before

--- Page 38 ---
27 
 
the courts for this purpose, after previous cases had been dismissed. On 30 September 2022, the District 
Court of Reykjavík dismissed the case. On 10 January 2023, the Court of Appeal partly reversed the 
dismissal and ordered the District Court to hear the case in substance. The hearing of the case has not 
been decided. The Group has not recognised a provision in relation to this matter. 
Initial Findings of the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland 
On 9 January 2023, the Issuer announced that it had received the preliminary findings from the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland's (FSA) inspection into the Issuer's execution of 
the offering by the Icelandic State of a 22.5 per cent. stake in the Issuer's share capital that took place 
in March 2022 (the Offering). In the findings, the FSA indicated its view that the Issuer may have 
violated certain laws and regulations applicable to its operations. The FSA pointed out its powers to 
impose administrative fines and to conclude cases with a settlement. The Issuer has requested that the 
case be concluded with a settlement. The management of the Issuer takes the FSA's findings seriously. 
The Issuer has responded to certain sections in the preliminary findings and will complete a response 
to the FSA by mid-February and expects the FSA's response in due course. Following the Offering, the 
Issuer has made changes to its internal rules and procedures and will, subject to the outcome of its 
internal review and discussions with the 34 FSA, continue to implement appropriate measures. The 
amount of the potential administrative fine has not been decided and is therefore uncertain. The Issuer 
has, however, recognised an undisclosed provision based on its own internal estimate. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered 
Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of certain of such features: 
Payments and the principal of the Covered Bonds under the programme can in some cases be 
determined by reference to an index which could adversely affect the value of the index linked Covered 
Bonds 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions being lifted, the Issuer may issue Covered 
Bonds with principal or interest payable in respect of the Covered Bonds being determined by reference 
to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency 
exchange rates or other factors (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the Issuer may issue Covered 
Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the 
currency in which the Covered Bonds are denominated. Potential investor should be aware that:  
(a) 
the market price for such Covered Bonds may be volatile;  
(b) 
they may receive no interest;  
(c) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected;  
(d) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal;  
(e) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices;  
(f) 
the effect of any multiplier or leverage factor that is applied to the Relevant Factor is that the 
impact of any changes in the Relevant Factor on the amounts of principal or interest payable 
will be magnified; and

--- Page 39 ---
28 
 
(g) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the possible effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of 
the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Covered Bonds. Accordingly, 
each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an 
investment in any Covered Bonds linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Covered Bonds 
in light of its particular circumstances. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds 
Following the failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered Bonds 
on their Maturity Date, payment of such unpaid amounts shall be deferred if the applicable Final Terms 
specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable and a deferral of the Maturity Date is granted by 
the FSA at such time (a "Maturity Extension Approval"). 
Under the Act on Covered Bonds, a Maturity Extension Approval is subject to the following conditions: 
(a) 
the deferral is necessary for the purposes of: 
(i) 
preventing default on a Covered Bond or a derivative contract without the sale of assets 
at a substantial discount; 
(ii) 
early intervention by the FSA or the resolution of the Issuer in accordance with Act No. 
70/2020 on Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms and Act No. 161/2002 
on Financial Undertakings; or 
(iii) 
optimising the claims of Covered Bondholders and counterparties of derivative contracts 
upon the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer; 
(b) 
that the deferral is explicitly authorised pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bond, which set out the final maturity date, maturity extension triggers, the consequences that 
insolvency or resolution of the Issuer may have on the extension and the role of the FSA with 
regard to such deferral; and 
(c) 
that the deferral does not affect the maturity schedule of other Covered Bonds collateralised by 
the same cover pool. 
The Issuer is required (pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds) to promptly inform the Covered 
Bondholders of the deferral of the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the duration of such deferral.  
Further, under Condition 9.11 (Extension of Maturity Date), the Issuer shall promptly inform the 
Covered Bondholders of a Maturity Extension Approval. 
To the extent that the Issuer has sufficient funds available to pay in part the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds following the deferral of the Maturity Date 
as described above, the Issuer shall make partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption Amount as 
described in Condition 9.11(e). Payment of all unpaid amounts shall following the deferral of the 
Maturity Date as described above, be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity 
Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid 
on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 40 ---
29 
 
The Extended Maturity Date and the applicable interest rate will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date. In these 
circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on 
the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the Issuer provided a Maturity Extension 
Approval has been granted by the FSA. However, failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption 
Amount or the balance thereof on the Extended Maturity Date and/or interest on such amount on any 
Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date 
shall constitute a default in payment by the Issuer.  
Furthermore, in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each Interest 
Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date, as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may pay such interest pursuant to the Floating Rate 
set out in the applicable Final Terms notwithstanding that the relevant Covered Bond was a Fixed Rate 
Covered Bond as at its relevant Issue Date. In addition, following deferral of the Maturity Date, the 
Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods may change as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Covered Bonds at its option, this may limit the market value of 
the Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
a manner which achieves a similar effective return  
If the optional redemption feature of the Covered Bonds is applicable in the Final Terms, it is likely to 
limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the 
market value of those Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may elect to exercise its option to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is 
lower than the interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Covered Bonds which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates  
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates compared to prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility compared to more conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.  Any such price volatility may have an adverse 
effect on the market value of any Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium to their 
principal amount. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR), are the subject 
of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered 
Bonds linked to or referencing such a benchmark.

--- Page 41 ---
30 
 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the national or 
international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the 
costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements. 
Separate work streams in Europe have reformed EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology (with the 
methodology adjusted most recently in April 2021) and are underway to provide a fallback to 
EURIBOR by reference to a euro-risk free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by 
a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates 
recommended Euro Short-term Rate (€STR) as the new risk-free rate. €STR has been published by the 
ECB since October 2019.  
Investors should be aware that the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a 
set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other 
things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding 
principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 
2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback 
trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of national or international reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent, in whole or in part, upon a benchmark.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and/ or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates which may be reference rates for Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds.

--- Page 42 ---
31 
 
To avoid the problems associated with the potential manipulation and financial stability risks of 
interbank offered rates (IBORs), regulatory authorities in a number of key jurisdictions are requiring 
financial markets to transition away from IBORs to near risk-free rates which exclude the risk-element 
of interbank lending. Risk-free rates may differ from IBORs in a number of material respects. In 
particular, in the majority of relevant jurisdictions, the chosen risk-free rate is an overnight rate (for 
example, the €STR in respect of Euro), with the interest rate for a relevant period calculated on a 
backward looking (compounded or simple weighted average) basis, rather than on the basis of a 
forward-looking term. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently from EURIBOR and other IBORs as Reference Rates for the Covered Bonds. 
Investors should also be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates such as 
€STR as reference rates in the capital markets. In particular, market participants and relevant working 
groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on €STR which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of such rates over a designated term. The market or a significant part thereof 
(including the Issuer) may adopt an application of €STR and/or any other risk free rate that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions (including in relation to fallbacks in the event that such 
rates are discontinued or fundamentally altered) and used in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
referencing risk free rates such as €STR issued under this Programme. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may, in the future, issue Covered Bonds referencing €STR that differ materially 
in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous €STR-referenced Covered Bonds 
issued by it under the Programme. Equally in such circumstances, it may be difficult for the Issuer to 
find any future required replacement swap counterparty to properly hedge its then interest rate exposure 
on such a Floating Rate Covered Bonds should a swap counterparty need to be replaced and such 
Floating Rate Covered Bond at that time uses an application of €STR that then differs from products 
then prepared to be hedged by such currency swap counterparties. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Covered Bonds which reference €STR is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Covered Bonds which reference €STR to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Covered Bonds, and some investors may 
be unable or unwilling to trade such Covered Bonds without changes to their IT systems, both of which 
factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of the €STR reference rate in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR in other markets, such as 
the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of the €STR reference rate across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Covered Bonds referencing €STR. 
Since risk free rates are relatively new in the market, Covered Bonds referencing such rates may have 
no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or 
may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to €STR and/or any other risk free rate, 
such as the spread over the rate reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of the Covered Bonds referencing €STR and/or any other risk free rate may be lower than those 
of later-issued debt securities linked to the same rate as a result. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example EURIBOR) may adversely affect the 
value of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark rate 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate 
of interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 43 ---
32 
 
Terms.  The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in 
the event that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs in respect of an 
Original Reference Rate or other relevant reference rate and/or any page on which such benchmark may 
be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable. 
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and (i) in the case of Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable (any such Covered Bonds, Relevant Covered Bonds), such fallback arrangements will 
include the possibility that: 
(a) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case 
may be, determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) determined by the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted 
(if required) by the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate 
with the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Covered Bonds. 
The use of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate may result in interest payments 
that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that 
could have been made on the Covered Bonds if the Original Reference Rate remained available in its 
current form. In particular, if a Benchmark Event occurs as a result of a public statement that the relevant 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative, the relevant rate of interest on the Covered Bonds 
may therefore cease to be determined by reference to that Original Reference Rate, and instead be 
determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, even if the 
Original Reference Rate continues to be published. Such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate may be lower than the Original Reference Rate for so long as that Original Reference 
Rate continues to be published, and the value of and return on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds may 
be adversely affected. The application of an Adjustment Spread (which may be zero), as described in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Covered Bonds, may result in the Relevant Covered Bonds 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
In addition, in the case of Relevant Covered Bonds, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may also 
determine that other amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are necessary in 
order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).   
No consent of the Covered Bondholders shall be required in connection with the substitution of the 
Original Reference Rate with any relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the determination of any related Adjustment Spread or any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments described above. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular Interest 
Period of a Series of Covered Bonds may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest

--- Page 44 ---
33 
 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate of interest for the relevant 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page 
for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period. In addition, in the 
case of Relevant Covered Bonds, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor 
Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Covered Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should note that, in the case of 
Relevant Covered Bonds, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described 
above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no 
assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Covered Bondholder, any such adjustment 
will be favourable to each Covered Bondholder. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
In respect of any Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of net proceeds, such as “Sustainability 
Instruments”, such use of net proceeds may not be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
As described in the section “Use of Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds (any such Covered Bonds, Sustainability 
Instruments) may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of the issue of such Sustainability Instruments to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, the 
Issuer’s investments in Eligible Assets, as further described in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Sustainable Financing Framework (as defined below). The use of such proceeds may not satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible 
Assets as further described in the Sustainable Financing Framework). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “blue” or “social” or equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, 
“blue” or “social” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has 
been established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy). On 21 April 2021, the European 
Commission approved the first delegated act and the Delegated Regulation supplementing Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated 
Act) was formally adopted on 4 June 2021 and applied from 1 January 2022. The EU Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act is aimed at supporting sustainable investment by making it clear which 
economic activities most contribute to the EU's environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act sets out criteria for economic activities in the sectors that are most relevant for achieving 
climate neutrality and delivering on climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such as energy,

--- Page 45 ---
34 
 
forestry, manufacturing, transport and buildings. Criteria for other environmental objectives will follow 
in a later delegated act, in line with mandates in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Until 
all criteria for such objectives have been developed and disclosed it is not known whether any 
Sustainability Instruments will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy, once all criteria are established, is not certain.  
In addition, the requirements of any such definition may evolve from time to time, and, as such, the use 
of the proceeds of Sustainability Instruments may not meet any or all Covered Bondholders expectations 
regarding such “green”, “blue” or “social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law, regulations or standards (including the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy or any standards resulting from the proposal for a European green bond standard 
(EUGBS) adopted by the European Commission on 6 July 2021) or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject 
of, or related to, any of the Eligible Assets funded with an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds 
from Sustainability Instruments or that the Sustainable Financing Framework will be aligned with the 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or any other sustainability framework.  
Any opinion or certification by a third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Sustainability Instruments and in particular with any 
project to fulfil any environmental, and/or other criteria may not be suitable for Covered Bondholders' 
purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any such Sustainability Instruments. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of 
the date that opinion was issued. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Sustainability Instruments are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations (including with the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy or the European green bond standard (EUGBS)) or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any eligible projects. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Such listing or admission to trading obtained 
in respect of any such Sustainability Instruments may not be maintained during the life of the 
Sustainability Instruments. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Sustainability 
Instruments in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Sustainable Financing Framework, the 
related projects may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially 
disbursed for such projects. Such projects may not be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. None of the Dealers will assess, verify or monitor the application of the 
amount equal to the net proceeds of any such Sustainability Instruments issued under the Programme. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Sustainability Instruments nor any amount equal 
to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets, and there will be no 
direct or contractual link between any Sustainability Instruments and any Eligible Assets (or any other

--- Page 46 ---
35 
 
environmental or similar targets set by the Issuer) and consequently neither payments of principal and 
interest (as the case may be) on, nor an investor’s right to accelerate repayment of, the Sustainability 
Instruments shall depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Assets or the performance of the 
Issuer in respect of any such environmental or similar targets. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of 
Sustainability Instruments and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion 
or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on or failure to obtain and publish any such reports, 
assessments, opinions and certifications and/or any Sustainability Instruments no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading or displayed on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, and/or the fact 
that the maturity of an Eligible Asset may not match the minimum duration of any Sustainability 
Instruments and/or or the failure by the Issuer to meet any other environmental or sustainability targets, 
will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Covered Bondholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute a default 
of the Issuer for any purpose or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Sustainability 
Instruments or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Sustainability Instruments. 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any 
such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Covered 
Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Sustainability 
Instruments and/or result in adverse consequences for Covered Bondholders with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, it is however 
specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Sustainability Instruments 
shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project. 
Investors should be aware that Sustainability Instruments may also be subject to the resolution tools 
granted to the competent authority under the BRRD in circumstances where the Issuer fails or is likely 
to fail. For more information on the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, see “Business Overview 
— Regulatory and Tax Environment — Capital Requirements and European Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive”.  
If an investor holds Covered Bonds which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, the 
investor will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding.  
In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Covered Bonds could result in the 
investor not receiving payments on those Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency outlined in 
the applicable Final Terms.  This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s 
Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative 
to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Covered 
Bonds, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and 
(iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Covered Bonds.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal.

--- Page 47 ---
36 
 
The value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent increases in market interest 
rates above the rate paid on the relevant Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will adversely affect the value of 
the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Covered Bonds may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Covered Bonds 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Covered 
Bonds. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In addition, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Covered Bonds. In such circumstances 
there can be no assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the comparable solicited 
ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds, which could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of 
the Covered Bonds.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst 
the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings 
issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the 
rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Covered Bonds may have a 
different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their liquidity in 
the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set 
out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 48 ---
37 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS ISSUED BY THE ISSUER 
The Covered Bonds are governed by law and regulations. The Act on Covered Bonds provides that the 
FSA may issue rules providing for, inter alia, the types of assets in a cover pool, methods for appraisal 
of collateral of bonds, terms and conditions for derivative agreements, assets that may be considered 
for the liquidity buffer, the register and conditions for the calculation of risk and interest payments. FSA 
has issued such rules, i.e. Rules No. 190/2023, on Covered Bonds (the Rules on Covered Bonds or the 
Rules) that concern, among other things, the conditions for being granted a licence to issue Covered 
Bonds, appraisal and revaluation of the assets in the cover pool, coverage requirements, derivative 
agreements, the covered bonds register and the eligibility and reporting of the cover pool monitor and 
reporting to the FSA. Effective 1 January 2020, after the merger of the FSA and the Central Bank, the 
Central Bank is now responsible for the task entrusted by law and governmental directives to the FSA, 
in accordance with article 25 of the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, as amended. Any changes to the 
Act on Covered Bonds and/or the Rules on Covered Bonds as well as other current legislation might 
affect the legal and regulatory risks relating to the Covered Bonds.  
The Act on Covered Bonds entered into force on 20 March 2008. To date only a few licenses to issue 
covered bonds have been granted under the Act on Covered Bonds and there are limited precedents on 
how its provisions will be interpreted or applied by Icelandic courts or administrative authorities. The 
preparatory works to the Act on Covered Bonds give limited guidance and the system of covered bonds 
secured by the cover pool lacks any clear analogues in Icelandic law that would allow for clear 
conclusions in respect of the Act on Covered Bonds, the covered bonds or the cover pool. It is uncertain 
how the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds and/or Rules on Covered Bonds will be interpreted by the 
courts or whether changes or amendments will be made to it which will affect Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. See further in section entitled “Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to 
Covered Bonds”. 
A decline in the price of real estate and the housing market could affect the Issuer’s ability to perform 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds  
The Cover Pool which will secure the Covered Bonds is comprised of mortgage loans secured on 
residential property which, at the date of this Base Prospectus, are located in Iceland. These residential 
mortgage loans may be loans originally made to a borrower for the purpose of buying, constructing, 
altering or refinancing a residential property in which that borrower subsequently resides or may be 
mortgage loans made to a borrower for the purchase of that residential property for investment, rental 
or other purposes.  
A borrower under a residential loan may default on its obligation under that residential loan. The credit 
risk relating to the Cover Pool is partly driven by the performance of the real estate and housing market 
in Iceland. There can be no assurance on the future development of the value of assets in the Cover 
Pool. Several circumstances may affect the level of credit loss such as changes in the economic climate, 
both nationally and internationally, changes in market rates, increases in taxation, inflation and changes 
in political policies etc. Borrowers may default and their financial standing may deteriorate as a result 
of, for example, changes in their own personal circumstances such as unemployment, death, illness or 
relationship status. Defaults in respect of the Issuer’s assets in the Cover Pool under residential 
mortgage loans could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to make payment in full or on a timely basis on the 
Covered Bonds. If a substantial part of the assets in the Cover Pool were to default, there is no guarantee 
that the required level of assets in the Cover Pool could be maintained or that the Issuer would be able 
to replace the defaulting assets with non-defaulting assets. Any such failures could adversely affect the 
Issuer’s results of operation, financial condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 49 ---
38 
 
The Covered Bonds may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not 
obliged to make gross-up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected 
and could significantly adversely affect their return on the Covered Bonds. 
No events of default  
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain no contractual events of default or right to 
accelerate the Covered Bonds on a failure to pay, insolvency of the Issuer or otherwise. If the Issuer 
fails to make a payment when due or becomes insolvent, then the Covered Bonds remain outstanding 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The Act on Covered Bonds does 
not stipulate to what extent it is necessary to register a security in respect of other assets in a cover pool. 
Maintenance of the Register  
The Issuer must maintain a register in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool and any derivative 
agreements (and Register shall have the meaning given to it in the Act on Covered Bonds). If the 
Register or the value of the Cover Pool is not maintained in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, 
the FSA may revoke the Issuer’s license to issue Covered Bonds. Assets in a cover pool must be 
endorsed showing they are part of a cover pool and have been entered in a register as provided for in 
the Act on Covered Bonds. The endorsement must also indicate that such assets are to secure priority 
rights of a specific covered bond programme.  
If the Issuer fails to enter the assets in the Cover Pool and payments received therefrom (such payments 
being Cover Pool Revenue) in the Register, the Covered Bondholders and Swap Providers will not 
have priority claims to the Cover Pool and the Cover Pool Revenue and will rank with the Issuer’s 
unsecured creditors in the event the Issuer is subject to winding-up proceedings. 
Conflicting interests of other creditors  
The rights of the Covered Bondholders rank junior to counterparties to derivative agreements (other 
than with respect to certain termination payments, as to which see “Termination payments for Swaps”) 
included in the Cover Pool, though they have preferential right with respect to other creditors against 
the Cover Pool. Further, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, they will rank junior to costs 
incurred in connection with the operation, management, collection and realisation of the Cover Pool, as 
well as the claims due to derivative agreements (other than with respect to certain termination payments, 
as to which see “Termination payments for Swaps”) concluded in accordance with the provisions of the 
Act on Covered Bonds, which will be covered before the claims of the Covered Bondholders.  
To the extent that Covered Bondholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the 
assets comprising the Cover Pool, they will be able to apply for the balance of their claims as unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the liquidation of 
the other assets of the Issuer not comprising the Cover Pool. The Covered Bondholders would in such 
case rank pari passu with the other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and, as a result, 
may not receive all amounts owed by the Issuer to such Covered Bondholders.  Article 102 of the Act 
on Financial Undertakings No. 161/2002 (the Act on Financial Undertakings) provides that, should 
the Issuer enter into winding-up proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings, such claims of Covered Bondholders would be subordinated to the claims of the Issuer‘s 
depositors. If this were to occur, there may not be sufficient assets in the resulting estate to pay such 
claims after the claims of depositors have been paid. 
Restriction on ability to petition for bankruptcy  
If distributions on realisation of the assets in the Cover Pool are insufficient to make payments on the 
Covered Bonds, none of the Covered Bondholders, any Swap Provider, any Paying Agent shall be

--- Page 50 ---
39 
 
entitled at any time to file against the Issuer, or join in any filing against the Issuer of any winding-up, 
bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings 
under any applicable bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations of the Issuer relating 
to the issuance of the Covered Bonds, save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer which is 
initiated by another party or taking proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the obligations 
of the Issuer in relation thereto. 
Liquidity  
If the Issuer is wound up, neither the Issuer nor its estate would be authorised to issue further Covered 
Bonds. It would therefore not be possible for a winding-up committee to raise finance in the market by 
the issuance of further Covered Bonds following the winding-up of the Issuer. Further, neither the Act 
on Covered Bonds nor the Rules on Covered Bonds stipulate that the winding-up committee or the 
Issuer’s estate may contract debt obligations of any kind in order to service timely payment under the 
terms of the Covered Bonds. There is no legislation in effect which states that the winding-up committee 
managing the Issuer’s estate can raise loans or enter into any such agreements in order to service the 
timely payment of interest and principal on the Covered Bonds. Article 17(1) of the Act on Covered 
Bonds states that the winding-up committee shall fulfil an issuer’s commitments under covered bonds 
and derivative agreements using the mortgage bonds and other assets in the cover pool and payments 
received on such assets, provided that the assets are listed in the register. However, neither the Act on 
Covered Bonds nor the Rules on Covered Bonds provide any guidelines as to whether liquidity can be 
raised by selling the mortgage bonds and other assets registered to the cover pool in the market.  
The Issuer is subject to liquidity requirements in its capacity as a commercial bank supervised by the 
FSA, including a statutory requirement to maintain sufficient liquidity to enable it to discharge its 
obligations as they fall due. The Issuer is also subject to the Central Bank’s Rules no. 1520/2022, on 
Liquidity Ratios. The FSA has issued guidelines on liquidity, which are not binding on the Issuer. 
However, any serious or systematic deviations from such guidelines may lead to the FSA determining 
that the Issuer’s business does not fulfil the statutory soundness requirement for commercial banks and 
result in the FSA imposing sanctions against the Issuer. If this were to occur, there may not be sufficient 
assets in the resulting estate to pay such claims after the claims of depositors have been paid. 
Under the Act on Covered Bonds, the Issuer must maintain a cover pool liquidity buffer to cover the 
maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow on the Covered Bonds and related derivative contracts over 
the next 180 days. Pursuant to the Rules on Covered Bonds, the liquidity buffer can only consist of (i) 
assets that qualify as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (as 
amended, the LCR Regulation) and are not issued by the Issuer, its parent undertaking, other than a 
public sector entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent 
undertaking or by a securitisation special purpose entity with which the Issuer has close links, or (ii) 
short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or credit step 3, 
subject to the conditions in point (c) of Article 129(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (as amended).  
The Act on Covered Bonds also specifically states that uncollateralised claims from exposures 
considered in default pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR cannot contribute to the cover pool liquidity 
buffer. Furthermore, the relevant credit institution is required to maintain liquid assets exceeding 
projected net liquidity outflows over a period of 30 days under stressed conditions under the LCR 
Regulation. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions which may permit their 
modification without the consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered 
Bondholders (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, in whole or 
in part) to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in 
writing or through the use of electronic consents.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind

--- Page 51 ---
40 
 
all Covered Bondholders including Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, 
and including those Covered Bondholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may 
agree, without the consent of any of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders, to any modification 
of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement (as defined under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the 
law or to comply with the provisions of the EU Covered Bond Rules as such may be implemented into 
Icelandic law and/or to comply with the provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds.  Such modifications 
may include (but shall not necessarily be limited to) the modifying of extension provisions and/or 
triggers under Condition 9.11 (Extension of Maturity Date).  Covered Bondholders should therefore be 
aware, for instance, that the provisions of Condition 9.11 (Extension of Maturity Date) (as well as any 
other Condition) may be amended without their consent in accordance with Condition 16 (Meetings of 
Covered Bondholders, Modification and Waiver) and any provisions governing maturity extension of 
the Covered Bonds may be substantially different following such modification.  Investors should 
consult their professional advisers in respect of such matters prior to purchasing any Covered Bonds. 
In the case of CSD Covered Bonds, the Fiscal Agent (insofar as the relevant modification relates to the 
Agency Agreement) and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of any of the Covered Bondholders, 
to any modification of the CSD Covered Bonds (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds”) or the Agency Agreement (insofar as the relevant modification to the Agency Agreement 
relates to the CSD Covered Bonds) on the same basis. 
Any such modification will be binding on all the Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
The value of the Covered Bonds could be adversely affected by a change in English law or 
administrative practice or, as the case may be, Icelandic law or administrative practice 
Except for (i) the provisions of Condition 4; and (ii) the provisions relating to registration of the CSD 
Covered Bonds in the CSD and Condition 15.2, the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are 
based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds.  Condition 4 shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic law. The registration of CSD Covered 
Bonds in the CSD and Condition 15.2 shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic 
(in the case of Covered Bonds registered with the CSD) law. No assurance can be given as to the impact 
of any possible judicial decision or change to English or Icelandic law or administrative practice, as the 
case may be, after the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds.  No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or Icelandic law, as the case may be, or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Covered Bonds affected by it. 
There are circumstances in which a court may apply Icelandic laws (or the laws of other jurisdictions) 
notwithstanding the choice of English law or Icelandic law, as the case may be, to govern the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds (or part thereof) 
Whilst the choice of English law or Icelandic law, as the case may be, as the governing law of parts of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds described above will generally be upheld as a valid 
choice by many courts, there will be circumstances in which the relevant choice may not be upheld or 
may, at least partially, be displaced.  There may, therefore, be circumstances in which Icelandic laws 
(for example capital or exchange control laws) or indeed the laws of another jurisdiction may be applied 
by a court notwithstanding the choice of English law to govern parts of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 52 ---
41 
 
In particular (a) the English courts may give effect to the “overriding mandatory provisions” of the law 
of the country where the obligations arising out of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
have to be or have been performed, “insofar as those overriding mandatory provisions render the 
performance of the contract unlawful” (Article 9(3) of Regulation (EC) No. 593/2008 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 17 June 2008, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(Rome I)); and (b) there are circumstances in which reorganisation measures adopted by certain states 
in respect of credit institutions must be given effect to in other states pursuant to Directive 2001/24/EC 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 April 2001 on the reorganisation and winding up of 
credit institutions (this directive is incorporated into English law by the Credit Institutions 
(Reorganisation and Winding Up) Regulations 2004). 
As a result, there are circumstances in which a law other than English law or Icelandic law, as the case 
may be, may determine whether certain Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are enforceable 
against the Issuer.  It should be noted in this context that there may be circumstances in which 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds may 
be brought in courts other than the English courts and/or in which the English courts may refuse to hear 
proceedings brought before them. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Covered 
Bonds and may be adversely affected if definitive Covered Bonds are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination.  In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant 
clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Covered Bonds at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with 
the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Covered Bond in respect 
of such holding (should such Covered Bonds be printed) or issued and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Covered Bonds at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Covered Bonds are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Covered Bonds which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
RISKS 
RELATING 
TO 
PROGRAMME 
STRUCTURE 
AND 
TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTATION 
The Issuer may not have eligible assets available to allocate as Additional Assets in the Cover Pool 
when required under the Deed of Covenant and Act on Covered Bonds 
Should, pursuant to the Deed of Covenant, the Asset Coverage Test be deemed to have been breached 
on a particular Monthly Calculation Date (see "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Asset Coverage Test"), the Issuer shall be obliged to allocate sufficient additional assets 
(Additional Assets) to the Cover Pool to ensure that the Asset Coverage Test is met on the next 
following Monthly Calculation Date. 
Assets included in the Cover Pool, such as mortgage bonds, are and will generally be subject to 
amortisation of principal and payment of interest on a monthly basis. They are also subject to early 
repayment of principal at any time in whole or part by the relevant borrowers. Early repayments of

--- Page 53 ---
42 
 
principal on mortgages may result in the Issuer being required to include Additional Assets in the Cover 
Pool in order for the Issuer to comply with the aforementioned requirements under the Deed of 
Covenant.  The Act on Covered Bonds require a minimum overcollateralisation of 5 per cent. and the 
Issuer covenants under Condition 5.2 to overcollateralise the Cover Pool at all times by at least the 
higher of (i) 5 per cent.; (ii) such percentage as required under the Act on Covered Bonds and/or the 
Rules on Covered Bonds from time to time; and (iii) such percentage as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and any rating agency from time to time.  
The Issuer will also maintain the overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
overcollateralisation committed to under the terms and conditions of its existing Covered Bonds, this 
being at least 25 per cent. until March 2024 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a 
committed overcollateralisation of 25 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 20 per cent. from March 
2024 until May 2026 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed 
overcollateralisation of 20 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 10 per cent. from May 2026 until May 
2030 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 10 per 
cent. are redeemed in full) and thereafter the level of overcollateralisation required to be maintained 
will be as required under Condition 5.2. 
If the Issuer does not originate or acquire new mortgage loans to replace the assets which were included 
in the Cover Pool but which were repaid, it is possible that the Bank will not satisfy the requirements 
with respect to the Asset Coverage Test in accordance with the Deed of Covenant and also the statutory 
requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
The inability of the Issuer to effect the addition of Additional Assets to the Cover Pool may have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to satisfy the Asset Coverage Test and/or any statutory requirements 
under the Act on Covered Bonds, and may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments to the 
Covered Bondholders when due. 
Security and insolvency considerations 
Pursuant to and in the circumstances set out in the Deed of Covenant (See "Overview of the Transaction 
Documents – Deed of Covenant – Establishment of Issuer Accounts"), the Issuer shall establish one or 
more Issuer Accounts and create security over each such Issuer Account for the benefit of the Covered 
Bondholders.  In certain circumstances, including the occurrence of certain insolvency events in respect 
of the Issuer, the ability to realise any such security may be delayed and/or the value of the security 
impaired. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer will not become bankrupt and/or the subject of bankruptcy 
proceedings or resolution tools and/or that the Covered Bondholders would not be adversely affected 
by the application of insolvency or bankruptcy laws or resolution tools. 
RISKS RELATING TO RELIANCE ON COUNTERPARTIES 
The Bank relies on third party service providers 
The Bank relies on the services, products and knowledge of third party service providers in the operation 
of its business.  Accordingly, the Bank faces the risk that such third party service providers become 
insolvent, enter into default or fail to perform their contractual obligations in a timely manner or at all 
or fail to perform at an adequate and acceptable level. Any such failure could lead to interruptions in 
the Bank's operations or result in vulnerability of its IT systems, exposing the Bank to operational 
failures, additional costs or cyber-attacks. The Bank may need to replace a third party service provider 
on short notice to resolve any potential problems, and the search for and payment to a new third party 
service provider on short notice or any other measures to remedy such potential problems could have a

--- Page 54 ---
43 
 
material adverse effect on the Bank's business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, 
and its ability to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, no assurance can be given that the third party service providers selected by the Bank will 
be able to provide the products and services for which they have been contracted, for example, as a 
result of failing to have the relevant capabilities, products or services or due to changed regulatory 
requirements. Any failure of third party service providers to deliver the contracted products and services 
in a timely manner or at all or to deliver products and services in compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations and at an adequate and acceptable level could result in reputational damage, claims, losses 
and damages and have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, prospects, financial position 
and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
The Bank may cease to be an Eligible Institution 
If in connection with a relevant Series of Covered Bonds the Bank ceases to be an Eligible Institution, 
it will be required to establish the Issuer Accounts within 90 calendar days (or such longer period as 
may be agreed by S&P) of such ceasing, in accordance with its obligations under the Deed of Covenant.  
No assurance can be given that, particularly in circumstances where the Bank has ceased to be an 
Eligible Institution, the Bank would be able to establish the Issuer Accounts within such 90 calendar 
day period.  Nor are there any assurances that S&P would agree to a longer period for establishment.  
Should the Bank be unable to fulfil its obligations under the Deed of Covenant in this regard, the Bank 
will be unable to issue Covered Bonds denominated in currencies other than ISK whilst such failure is 
continuing.  The Bank's inability to issue further non-ISK denominated Covered Bonds may have a 
negative impact on the value of the Covered Bonds.  Further, the Bank ceasing to be an Eligible 
Institution may itself have a detrimental impact on the then current value of the Covered Bonds. 
Should the Bank however be able to establish the relevant Issuer Accounts within the 90 calendar period 
referred to above, it shall, amongst other things, be required to provide, or procure the provision of, 
servicing, administration and cash management services with respect to the Cover Pool Revenue and 
the operation of the Issuer Accounts.  The Bank would therefore be required to procure third party 
service providers including, at least, a servicer and a cash manager.  In addition to the risks set out in 
respect of third party service providers generally (as to which, see "The Bank relies on third party 
service providers" above), in the circumstance of the Bank being required to procure such services in 
the context of it ceasing to be an Eligible Institution, the Bank may face certain obstacles including but 
not limited to (i) obtaining any such third party services (ii) contracting with such service providers on 
terms favourable to the Bank or (iii) contracting with counterparties that are reputable in the relevant 
industry.  In circumstances where the Bank is unable to fulfil the relevant obligation in the Deed of 
Covenant in respect of the provision of the aforementioned services, the Bank will be unable to issue 
Covered Bonds denominated in currencies other than ISK whilst such failure is continuing.  This may 
have a negative impact on the value of the Covered Bonds. 
Reliance on Swap Providers  
A brief description of certain risks relating to any potential derivative contracts (Swaps) entered into 
by the Issuer in connection with an issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds is set out below.  As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not entered into any Swaps in connection with this 
programme and any issuances thereunder. 
Reliance on Currency Swaps 
Subject to currency restrictions in place at each time, the Issuer may rely on the Currency Swap 
Providers under the Currency Swaps to provide payments on Covered Bonds denominated in currencies 
other than ISK.  If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or certain other events occur 
in relation to the Issuer under a Currency Swap and any applicable grace period has expired, then the

--- Page 55 ---
44 
 
Issuer will have defaulted under that Currency Swap.  If the Issuer defaults under a Currency Swap due 
to non-payment or otherwise, the relevant Currency Swap Provider will not be obliged to make further 
payments under that Currency Swap and may terminate that Currency Swap.  If a Currency Swap 
Provider is not obliged to make payments, or if it exercises any right of termination it may have under 
the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments under a 
Currency Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in currency exchange rates and in the associated 
interest rates on the currencies.  Unless a replacement swap is entered into, the Issuer may, despite any 
Overcollateralisation (as defined below) of the Cover Pool, have insufficient funds to make payments 
due on the Covered Bonds. 
Relevant Reference Currency Swaps 
In circumstances where the Issuer has established a Collateral Reserve Account in connection with a 
Relevant Reference Currency Swap Agreement for the purposes of maintaining sufficient collateral to 
acquire a swap to exchange receipts from the assets comprising the Cover Pool payable in ISK and the 
currency of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Issuer may enter into a Currency Swap Agreement 
with a Currency Swap Provider to provide payments on Covered Bonds denominated in currencies other 
than ISK.  
There can be no assurance that the Issuer (or any servicer on its behalf) will have sufficient funds 
available to make a termination payment under the relevant Currency Swap, nor can there be any 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement, or if one is entered 
into, that the credit rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a 
downgrade of the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds by S&P. 
In the event that the Issuer does not enter into a Currency Swap with an eligible Currency Swap 
Provider, amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral Reserve Account from time to time 
will remain registered in the Register so as to form part of the Cover Pool and will be transferred to a 
corresponding Swap Collateral Account in accordance with the provisions of the Deed of Covenant. 
There can be no assurance that on a bankruptcy of the Issuer amounts standing to the credit of the 
Collateral Reserve Account or Swap Collateral Account (as applicable) will be available exclusively 
for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds in connection with 
which such Collateral Reserve Account or Swap Collateral Account (as applicable) was established. 
Reliance on Interest Rate Swaps 
Subject to currency restrictions in place at each time, in order to hedge the Issuer's interest rate risks in 
ISK and/or other currencies to the extent that these have not already been hedged by the Cover Pool 
Swap or a Currency Swap, the Issuer may enter into Interest Rate Swaps.  If the Issuer fails to make 
timely payments of amounts due or certain other events occur in relation to the Issuer under an Interest 
Rate Swap and any applicable grace period has expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted under that 
Interest Rate Swap. If the substitute assets available to the Issuer on a payment date are insufficient to 
make the payment ordinarily required in full, the payment obligations of both the Issuer and the swap 
counterparty on that payment date may be reduced accordingly and may be deferred, should the Issuer 
introduce deferral of payment mechanics into the interest rate swaps. If the Issuer defaults under an 
Interest Rate Swap due to non-payment or otherwise, the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider will not 
be obliged to make further payments under that Interest Rate Swap and may terminate that Interest Rate 
Swap.  If an Interest Rate Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments, or if it exercises any right of 
termination it may have under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or if it defaults in its 
obligations to make payments under an Interest Rate Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in 
interest rates.  Unless a replacement swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make 
payments due on the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 56 ---
45 
 
Reliance on Indexed Currency Swaps 
Subject to currency restrictions in place at each time, the Issuer may rely on the Indexed Currency Swap 
Providers under the Currency Swaps to provide payments on Covered Bonds denominated in currencies 
other than ISK and not indexed linked.  If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or 
certain other events occur in relation to the Issuer under an Indexed Currency Swap and any applicable 
grace period has expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted under that Indexed Currency Swap.  If the 
Issuer defaults under an Indexed Currency Swap due to non-payment or otherwise, the relevant Indexed 
Currency Swap Provider will not be obliged to make further payments under that Indexed Currency 
Swap and may terminate that Indexed Currency Swap.  If an Indexed Currency Swap Provider is not 
obliged to make payments, or if it exercises any right of termination it may have under the relevant 
Indexed Currency Swap Agreement, or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments under an 
Indexed Currency Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in currency exchange rates, the 
associated interest rates on the currencies and inflation.  Unless a replacement swap is entered into, the 
Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on the Covered Bonds. 
Reliance on Cover Pool Swap 
In order to hedge the possible variance between the rates of interest payable on the Covered Bonds and 
the various rates of interest payable in respect of certain assets registered to the Cover Pool, the Issuer 
may enter into a Cover Pool Swap.  If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or certain 
other events occur in relation to the Issuer under the Cover Pool Swap and any applicable grace period 
has expired, then the Issuer will have defaulted under that Cover Pool Swap.  If the Issuer defaults under 
the Cover Pool Swap due to non-payment or otherwise, the Cover Pool Swap Provider will not be 
obliged to make further payments under the Cover Pool Swap and may terminate the Cover Pool Swap.  
If the Cover Pool Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments, or if it exercises any right of 
termination it may have under the Cover Pool Swap Agreement, or if it defaults in its obligations to 
make payments under the Cover Pool Swap, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in interest rates.  
Unless a replacement swap is entered into, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments 
due on the Covered Bonds. 
Termination payments for Swaps 
If any of the Interest Rate Swaps, Currency Swaps or Cover Pool Swap are terminated, the Issuer may 
as a result be obliged to make a termination payment to the relevant Swap Provider.  The amount of the 
termination payment will be based on the cost of entering into a replacement Interest Rate Swap, 
Currency Swap or Cover Pool Swap, as the case may be.  Any termination payment to be made by the 
Issuer to a Swap Provider will rank pari passu with payments due to the Covered Bondholders (other 
than in circumstances where the Issuer has entered into a Currency Swap Agreement in accordance with 
the provisions of the Deed of Covenant in connection with a relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
specifying that such termination payments are subordinated to all other amounts payable in respect of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (See "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Deed of 
Covenant – Relevant Reference Currency Swaps")). 
Potential amendments to the swap agreements 
If and when the Issuer enters into a swap agreement in the context of an issue of Covered Bonds, the 
terms of the swap agreement will be negotiated with the relevant swap provider. As a result of such 
negotiations, the terms of a swap agreement may contain terms that adversely affect the Issuer's results 
of operations, financial condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under 
the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 57 ---
46 
 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Covered Bonds (other than the CSD Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme will be represented 
on issue by one or more Global Covered Bonds that may be deposited with a common depositary or 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined under "Form of the 
Covered Bonds"). Except in the circumstances described in each Global Covered Bond, investors will 
not be entitled to receive Covered Bonds in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in each Global Covered Bond held through it. While the Covered Bonds (other than the CSD 
Covered Bonds) are represented by Global Covered Bonds, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Covered Bonds (other than the CSD Covered Bonds) are represented by Global Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the Covered Bonds by making payments 
through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Covered Bonds must 
rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the 
Covered Bonds. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Covered Bond. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right to vote in respect 
of the Covered Bonds so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent 
that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COVER POOL 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their loan  
There are many circumstances that affect the level of credit loss, early repayments, withdrawals and 
final payments of interest and principal amounts, such as changes in the economic climate, both 
nationally and internationally, and changes regarding taxation, interest rate developments, level of 
unemployment, inflation and/or the political environment. Borrowers may default as a result of interest 
rate increases or as a result of adverse developments in their own personal circumstances (for example, 
in respect of residential mortgages following redundancy or divorce, insolvency of the borrower and/or 
insolvency of the tenant of the relevant property and/or failure (for any reason) by such tenant to make 
rental payments in respect of such property). In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property 
pledged as security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that 
mortgage loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that 
property, the value of that property and property values in general at the time. The Act on Covered 
Bonds provides that no mortgage loan may be registered in the Cover Pool if payment on it is in arrears 
90 days or more. 
Default in respect of the Issuer’s assets comprised in the Cover Pool could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability 
to make payments in full or on a timely basis on the Covered Bonds. Risks attaching to the Covered 
Bonds as a result of default in respect of the assets in the Cover Pool are reduced by a number of features 
of the Covered Bonds, including the ability of the Issuer to substitute assets to and from the Cover Pool. 
However, if a material amount of assets in the Cover Pool were to default, there is no guarantee that the 
required level of assets within the Cover Pool could be maintained or that the Issuer would be in a 
position to substitute non-defaulting assets for the defaulting assets. 
Non-compliance with coverage requirements  
The Act on Covered Bonds contains coverage requirements which, inter alia, require that the total 
current value of the assets registered to the cover pool as collateral for a specific covered bond 
programme must always exceed the total current value of the principal of the covered bonds of that

--- Page 58 ---
47 
 
same programme. The Act on Covered Bonds also requires that the instalments and other payment flows 
accruing on assets in the cover pool and from derivative agreements are in such a manner that all 
commitments towards the covered bondholders and derivative agreements can be met.  
A breach of the coverage requirements prior to the winding-up of the Issuer in the circumstances where 
no additional assets are available to the Issuer or the Issuer lacks the ability to acquire additional assets 
could cause the FSA to revoke the Issuer’s license to issue Covered Bonds. The same applies in the 
event that the Issuer does not comply with other requirements prescribed in the Act on Covered Bonds.  
If the coverage requirements are breached following the winding-up of the Issuer, the winding-up 
committee would not be permitted to add more assets to the Cover Pool. The Act on Covered Bonds 
does not provide any further guidance as to the consequences of a breach of the coverage requirements 
following the winding-up of the Issuer.  
To the extent that the Covered Bondholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of 
the assets comprising the Cover Pool, the Covered Bondholders will not be able to file against the Issuer 
or join in any filing against the Issuer of any winding-up proceedings, bankruptcy, reorganisation, 
arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings see above "Restrictions on ability to petition for 
bankruptcy". The explanatory memorandum for the Act on Covered Bonds provides that assets can be 
removed from the cover pool and replaced with same kind of assets without limitations. If assets are 
replaced with substitute collateral there are limitations in the Act on Covered Bonds as to how much 
can be replaced with such collateral. Neither the Act on Covered Bonds nor the Rules on Covered Bonds 
provide clear guidance in this respect. This can, however, be subject to contract. 
Overcollateralisation 
The Act on Covered Bonds requires the value of the assets in the Cover Pool at all times to exceed the 
value of the claims against the Cover Pool. The percentage level by which the value of the Cover Pool 
exceeds the nominal value of the liabilities, relating to the issued and outstanding Covered Bonds, along 
with all accrued interests, from time to time is known as "overcollateralisation".  Failure to maintain 
sufficient assets in the Cover Pool could result in the Issuer being unable to issue further Covered Bonds 
or refinance existing Covered Bonds or revocation of the license from the FSA to issue Covered Bonds. 
The Act on Covered Bonds requires a minimum overcollateralisation of 5 per cent. and the Issuer 
covenants under Condition 5.2 to overcollateralise the Cover Pool at all times by at least the higher of 
(i) 5 per cent.; (ii) such percentage as required under the Act on Covered Bonds and/or the Rules on 
Covered Bonds from time to time; and (iii) such percentage as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
any rating agency from time to time.   
The Issuer will also maintain the overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
overcollateralisation committed to under the terms and conditions of its existing Covered Bonds, this 
being at least 25 per cent. (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed 
overcollateralisation of 25 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 20 per cent. from March 2024 until 
May 2026 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 
20 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 10 per cent. from May 2026 until May 2030 (or, if earlier, 
the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 10 per cent. are redeemed 
in full)and, from thereon, at least 5 per cent. overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool. 
According to the Issuer´s license to issue the Covered Bonds the aggregated total amount of the Cover 
Pool shall not exceed a level of 30 per cent. above the issued Covered Bonds at any time unless increased 
demand has developed due to other provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds, such as due to stress test 
present value calculations. If overcollateralisation exceeds this limit, the Issuer shall notify the FSA and 
the Independent Inspector immediately. The Issuer will have 14 days to remedy the level. See the 
sections "Cover Pool – composition of assets" and "The Rules on Covered Bonds"  in the section 
Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered Bonds.

--- Page 59 ---
48 
 
The Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
All assets in the Cover Pool (including any derivative agreement) must comply with the Act on Covered 
Bonds and the Rules on Covered Bonds. Mortgaged real estate in respect of residential properties 
securing the Covered Bonds issued under this Base Prospectus will be located in Iceland. Such real 
estate properties may be concentrated in certain locations and any deterioration in prices in the 
residential real estate markets and any deterioration in the economic conditions in such areas may 
adversely affect the ability of the borrowers to make payments on the loans. The concentration of loans 
secured by residential properties, therefore, result in a greater risk of non-payment than if such 
concentration had not been present. 
Moreover, such factors may have an impact on the value of the properties. If the residential real estate 
markets in Iceland experience an overall decline in property values, the value of the Cover Pool could 
be significantly reduced and, may ultimately, result in losses allocable to the Covered Bonds should it 
be necessary to enforce the security granted in respect of such properties.  
In order for the Covered Bonds to be issued with the “Premium” label under the Covered Bond 
Directive, the assets in the Cover Pool must (and are expected to) comply with the CRR. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the bonds or other 
assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool, as it is expected that the constitution of the Cover 
Pool may change from time to time. However, an Independent Inspector appointed under the 
Independent Inspector Agreement and in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, and appurtenant 
regulations, shall monitor the Issuer’s compliance with the requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
A regular report on the Cover Pool will be published by the Issuer on the Issuer’s homepage: 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations.   
There is no assurance that the characteristics of further mortgages will be the same as those mortgages 
in the Cover Pool as at Issue Date. However, each mortgage will be required to meet the requirements 
set out in the Act on Covered Bonds and appurtenant regulations. 
Economic Conditions 
As the assets which make up the Cover Pool will include loans secured by mortgages over residential 
properties, then the values of the assets and the ability of the Issuer to continue to make timely payments 
on the Covered Bonds could be adversely affected by, among other things, adverse developments in the 
Icelandic economy and/or residential and/or, the real estate markets. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus all of the properties over which the mortgages are created are 
located in Iceland. The residential properties in the Cover Pool may, however, be concentrated in certain 
locations in Iceland. The value of the Cover Pool may decline in the event of a general or location-
specific deterioration in prices of residential properties or general deterioration or location-specific 
deterioration in economic conditions. This could adversely affect the Issuer’s operating results, financial 
condition, and business prospects as well as its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. 
Appraisals  
In accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, appraisals or valuation of the properties securing the 
mortgage loans may be undertaken by the Issuer, and take account of the following: (a) The selling 
price of a property on the day the transaction is made; or (b) an independent appraisal conducted by a 
licensed realtor; or (c) an acquisition offer, signed on behalf of both the seller and the buyer; or (d) the

--- Page 60 ---
49 
 
rateable value of the property, made by the Housing and Construction Authority. Appraisals based on 
the selling price of a property shall be valid for a period of 3 months from the day the transaction was 
made.  
No assurance can be given that values of the properties underlying the mortgage loans have remained 
or will remain at the levels which existed on the dates of appraisal (or, where applicable, on the dates 
of appraisal updates) of the related mortgage loans.  
The appraisal relates both to the land and to the structure; in fact, a significant portion of the appraised 
value of a property may be attributable to the value of the land rather than to the residence. Because of 
the unique locations and special features of certain properties, identifying comparable properties in 
nearby locations may be difficult. The appraised values of such properties will be based to a greater 
extent on adjustments made by the appraisers to the appraised values of reasonably similar properties 
rather than on objectively verifiable sales data. As a result, such appraisals could be more likely to 
overvalue certain properties and therefore overstate the value of the collateral underlying the Cover 
Pool. 
No due diligence 
Covered Bondholders will not have the ability to investigate the Cover Pool but will instead rely on the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Act on Covered Bonds and the investigations of the Independent 
Inspector. 
Other than any reviewed interim financial statements or audited annual financial statements the Issuer 
does not publish any separate review or audits of the Cover Pool. However, the Issuer is subject to 
surveillance by an Independent Inspector in accordance with the requirements of the Act on Covered 
Bonds and FSA. This Independent Inspector monitors that the register is maintained in a correct manner 
See the section Supervision by an Independent Inspector in the section Summary of Icelandic 
Legislation relating to Covered Bonds for a description of the Independent Inspector. 
The Issuer will not undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of the assets in the 
Cover Pool.  
Changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer  
Each of the mortgage loans originated by the Issuer will have been granted in accordance with its 
lending criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Issuer’s lending criteria will generally 
consider type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value (LTV) ratio, status of 
applicants and credit history. The Issuer retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time 
but would do so only to the extent that such a change would be acceptable to a reasonable, prudent 
mortgage lender. If the lending criteria changes in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the 
mortgage loans, that may lead to increased defaults by borrowers and may affect the Cover Pool 
Revenue or the realisable value of the Cover Pool.  
In accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds the Issuer may only include in the Cover Pool mortgage 
loans issued against mortgages secured by real property if the LTV ratio does not exceed 80 per cent. 
for residential property, 60 per cent. for industrial, office or commercial property, and 70 per cent. for 
agricultural property. Moreover, as noted above, mortgage loans 90 days or more in arrears may not be 
registered in the Cover Pool.

--- Page 61 ---
50 
 
Set-off risks in relation to some types of loans may adversely affect the value of the Cover Pool or any 
part thereof  
The registration of assets in the Cover Pool will not affect rights of borrowers of certain loans contained 
in the Cover Pool. For example, such borrowers will continue to have independent set-off rights against 
the Issuer (such as, for example, set-off rights associated with such borrowers holding deposits with the 
Issuer).  
The Issuer currently intends to mitigate this risk with Overcollateralisation. However, the exercise of 
set-off rights by such borrowers may nevertheless adversely affect the realisable value of the Cover 
Pool and/or the ability of the winding up committee to meet in full the Issuer's obligation under the 
Covered Bonds.  
Liquidity Risk relating to the Cover Pool upon insolvency of the Issuer 
According to the Act on Covered Bonds, upon an insolvency event of the Issuer, the court appointed 
administrator shall fulfil the commitments of the Issuer under the Programme. However, there are no 
assurances that the Cover Pool can sustain the Covered Bonds payments post insolvency which could 
force the administrator to liquidate the Cover Pool. In such an event there could potentially be no 
market, or a limited market, for the Cover Pool assets. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Issuer if Cover Pool to be sold  
In the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the winding-up committee shall fulfil the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Covered Bonds and any Swap Agreements using the assets in the Cover Pool and 
the Cover Pool Revenue. In respect of any sale of assets in the Cover Pool to third parties, the Issuer 
may not be permitted to give representations and warranties or indemnities in respect of the assets in 
the Cover Pool. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realisable value of the Cover Pool could be 
adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties or indemnities which in turn could 
adversely affect the ability of the administrator to meet in full all the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Enforcement Risk 
When a mortgage loan is enforced, a court order may be needed to establish the borrower’s obligation 
to pay and to enable a sale by executive measures. The Issuer’s ability to make use of the collateral after 
enforcement can be limited and the collateral could decline in value when trying to sell the collateral in 
the market. 
RISKS RELATING TO COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to covered bonds generally: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered 
Bonds or have different terms to an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute 
a new Series). All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other. 
Obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute obligations of the Issuer which have the benefit of a statutory 
preference under the Act on Covered Bonds in respect of the relevant pool of assets maintained by the 
Issuer being the Cover Pool. An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a reliance on the assets of

--- Page 62 ---
51 
 
the Cover Pool and the creditworthiness of the Issuer. The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any 
third party. In addition, an investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes 
in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the 
Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any other party to the 
Programme, their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than 
the Issuer. The Issuer will be liable solely in its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the 
Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, members, 
directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. There can be no assurance that the Cover Pool 
will be sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Covered Bonds programme. 
RISK RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Interest rate risks  
Interest rate risks occur when fixed interest periods or interest basis for assets and liabilities do not 
coincide. Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. Investments in Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds will involve a risk of interest rate changes.  
The Issuer may enter into Cover Pool Swaps and Interest Rate Swaps to ensure that the risks do not 
exceed the limit values approved by its Board of Directors and to ensure that coverage requirements are 
maintained in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. 
Competition 
The banking sector in Iceland is largely dominated by the Issuer, Arion Bank and Landsbankinn 
(Landsbankinn being wholly owned by the Icelandic state, and each of which is classified as a 
systemically important financial institution). In addition, with the merger of Kvika Bank hf., an 
investment bank, TM hf., one of the largest insurance companies in Iceland, and Lykill fjármögnun hf., 
an asset leasing entity, the merged company provides these three large Icelandic banks with increased 
competition. Moreover, there are other players in the industry, such as pension funds, commercial 
banks, savings banks and the Housing and Construction Authority (formerly the Housing Financing 
Fund), whose role in the market as a lender has been reduced and is now responsible for implementation 
of government housing policies and acting as an intermediary for social housing funding, all of which 
the Issuer competes with and which can impose a degree of pressure on the Issuer's net interest margin. 
Moreover, as additional channels arise for new lending and other banking products, particularly in the 
online space, the Issuer faces increasing competition from these market participants. 
While the Issuer believes it is positioned to compete effectively with these competitors, there can be no 
assurance that existing or increased competition will not adversely affect the Issuer. The demand for 
the Issuer’s products is also dependant on levels of customer confidence, prevailing market rates and 
other factors that have an influence on the customers’ economic situation. 
Absence of secondary market 
While the Covered Bonds have been traded, and to some extent, a secondary market has developed, 
there can be no assurance that an active and liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will 
continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Covered Bondholders with liquidity of 
investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Covered 
Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bond holder to realise a desired yield.

--- Page 63 ---
52 
 
3. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 (including the auditors’ report thereon) set out on pages 7 – 88 (inclusive) 
thereof 
(the 
2020 
Financial 
Statements) 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
athttps://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/I%CC%81slandsbanki_hf._Consolid
ated_Financial_Statements_2020.pdf; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 (including the auditors’ report thereon) set out on pages 8 – 87 (inclusive) 
thereof 
(the 
2021 
Financial 
Statements) 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/islandsbanki_hf_Consolidated_Financ
ial_Statements_2021.pdf; 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (including the auditors’ report thereon) set out on pages 9 – 87 (inclusive) 
thereof 
(the 
2022 
Financial 
Statements) 
which 
can 
be 
viewed 
online 
at 
https://storage.mfn.se/43a9455a-9eb9-4ee6-9c48-2c93fea71b20/isb-consolidated-financial-
statements-2022.pdf;  
(iv) 
sections 4, 5, 6 and 7 of the Issuer’s Pillar 3 Report 2022 which can be viewed online at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/Pillar3Report2022.pdf; and  
(v) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” (pages 88 to 135 inclusive) set out 
in the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 8 April 2022 which can be viewed online 
at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/Islandsbanki_Covered_Bond_Base_Pr
ospectus_Final_2022.pdf. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 64 ---
53 
 
4. 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in (i) bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, 
(ii) registered form, without interest coupons attached or (iii) uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form and cleared through the CSD.  
Bearer Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued in the form of Bearer Covered Bonds will initially be 
represented by a temporary global covered bond (a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond) or, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global covered bond (a Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond, each a Bearer 
Global Covered Bond) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Covered Bonds are intended to be issued in a new global covered bond 
(NGCB) form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking SA (Clearstream, Luxembourg and, 
together with Euroclear, the ICSDs); or  
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Covered Bonds are not intended to be issued in NGCB form, be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Covered Bonds issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGCB form, the 
applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Covered Bonds are intended to 
be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global 
Covered Bonds are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGCBs 
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Covered Bonds are represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Bearer Covered 
Bonds due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond if the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect 
that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond are not U.S. 
persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Covered 
Bond is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of 
charge) upon a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Covered 
Bond of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds of the same Series with, where 
applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each 
case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has 
already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be 
able to receive definitive Bearer Covered Bonds.  The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Covered 
Bond will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after

--- Page 65 ---
54 
 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Covered 
Bond for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond or for definitive Bearer Covered 
Bonds is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Covered 
Bond will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or 
surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond if the Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for 
certification. 
A Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in 
part, for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described therein. Exchange Event means (i) 
the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg has been closed for 
business for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and no 
alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents and the 
Covered Bondholders is available or, (ii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences (including, without limitation, an obligation to pay additional amounts as provided for or 
referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation)) which would not be suffered were the Covered Bonds 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond in definitive bearer form and a certificate 
to such effect signed by two Directors of the Issuer has been given to the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event 
occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (i) above, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, 
the Issuer may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Covered Bonds, Coupons, Receipts and Talons which 
have an original maturity of more than 365 days: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287 (a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to in the legend above provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, 
will not be entitled to deduct any loss on bearer Covered Bonds, receipts or interest coupons and will 
not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment 
of principal in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds, Receipts or Coupons. 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be. 
Registered Covered Bonds 
The Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche will initially be represented by a Global Covered Bond 
in registered form (a Registered Global Covered Bond) which will be deposited with a common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the 
name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons

--- Page 66 ---
55 
 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be entitled or required, as the case 
may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Covered 
Bonds in fully registered form. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not such Registered Global Covered Bonds are 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility and therefore whether such 
Registered Global Covered Bonds are intended to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the 
NSS).  Any indication that the Registered Global Covered Bonds are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Covered Bonds of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.  Covered Bonds intended to be held under the NSS will be deposited with, and registered in the 
name of a common nominee of, one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper.  The common 
safekeeper for Covered Bonds held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Covered Bonds 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Bond Register (as 
defined in Condition 8.5 (Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds)) as the registered holder 
of the Registered Global Covered Bonds.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Registrar will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries 
made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Covered Bonds or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds in 
definitive form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the 
Bond Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 8.5 (Payments in respect of 
Registered Covered Bonds)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided 
in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not 
in part, for definitive Registered Covered Bonds without interest coupons or talons attached only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for 
a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no 
successor clearing system is available or (ii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences (including, without limitation, an obligation to pay additional amounts as provided for or 
referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation)) which would not be suffered were the Covered Bonds 
represented by the Registered Global Covered Bond in definitive form and a certificate to such effect 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer has been given to the Fiscal Agent.  The Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 15 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (i) above, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest 
in such Registered Global Covered Bond) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer may give notice 
to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be able to transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. 
CSD Covered Bonds

--- Page 67 ---
56 
 
Each Tranche of CSD Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form. Legal title to the CSD Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the 
CSD. Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of CSD Covered Bonds in the CSD will 
take place in accordance with market practice at the time of the relevant transaction. Transfers of 
interests in the relevant CSD Covered Bonds will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of the CSD. 
CSD Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for any physical Covered Bond or document of title other 
than statements of account made by CSD. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, the 
Fiscal Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued which is intended 
to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Covered Bonds at a point after the Issue Date of the 
further Tranche, the Covered Bonds of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN 
which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Covered Bonds of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which, if 
applicable, shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to the Covered Bonds of such Tranche.  
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are deposited with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and represented by a Bearer Global Covered 
Bond held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or so long as a nominee of a 
common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg is the 
registered holder of a Registered Global Covered Bond or so long as any Covered Bond is a CSD 
Covered Bond, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CSD, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CSD as to the nominal amount of such Covered Bonds standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all purposes other than (in the case only of Covered Bonds 
not being CSD Covered Bonds) with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Covered 
Bonds, for which purpose, in the case of Covered Bonds represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond, 
the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Covered Bond, or in the case of Covered Bonds where a 
nominee for a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
is the registered holder of a Registered Global Covered Bond, such nominee of the common depositary 
or, as the case may be, common safekeeper shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other 
Paying Agent as the holder of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant global Covered Bond (and the expressions Covered Bondholder and holder of Covered 
Bonds and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CSD shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 68 ---
57 
 
5. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 [Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (as amended, the EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act, 2000 (as amended, FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 [Include unless the 
Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[3MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID 
II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
                                                                
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market 
approach.

--- Page 69 ---
58 
 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target 
market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[4UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (UK 
MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM 
TIME TO TIME (the SFA) – to insert notice if product classification is other than “capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-n16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 5 
 [Date] 
ÍSLANDSBANKI HF. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300PZMFIQR79Q0T97 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the €4,000,000,000 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated [11 April 2023] (the Base Prospectus) [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation)][the Prospectus 
Regulation]].  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein [for 
the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the 
                                                                
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market 
approach. 
5  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 70 ---
59 
 
supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website [of [the Issuer] at [] [and on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin]] and copies may be obtained during 
normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer at Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland 
and from the offices of the Fiscal Agent at [Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB, England]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds (the Terms and Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [8 April 
2022] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [11 April 2023]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein [for the purposes of Article 8(2) of 
the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements if applicable which constitute a base prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation]. Full information on the Issuer, and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any supplements, if applicable. 
Copies of said Base Prospectus and any supplements, if applicable, are available for viewing on the 
Issuer’s webpage, https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations  and at the office of 
the Issuer at Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Covered Bond that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[All references to the Prospectus Regulation and approval thereunder to be deleted in Final Terms 
prepared in connection with Exempt Covered Bonds. N.B. references to be retained in circumstances 
where a supplemental prospectus incorporating necessary category A and B information has been 
approved.]   
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
2. 
i 
Series Number:  
ii 
Tranche Number: 
[]  
[] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Covered 
Bonds become fungible) 
iii 
[Series 
which 
Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated 
and form a single Series 
with: 
[]/Not Applicable] 
iv 
[Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated 
and form a single Series 
[]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 71 ---
60 
 
with the Series specified 
above: 
v 
Trade Date: 
[] 
3. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies:  
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
i 
Series:  
[] 
ii 
Tranche:  
[] 
5. 
Issue Price:  
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations:  
[] 
7. 
 
 
i 
Issue Date:  
[] 
ii 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date:  
[] 
8. 
 
 
i 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
ii 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sections of 
this subparagraph) 
Subject to Condition 9.11, the Extended Maturity 
Date is [specify date or Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
[If applicable, complete relevant sections regarding 
interest, etc.] 
9. 
 
 
i 
Interest Basis to Maturity 
Date:  
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/ 
REIBOR/€STR] +/-[] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below)

--- Page 72 ---
61 
 
ii 
Interest 
Basis 
from 
Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date:  
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/ 
REIBOR/€STR] +/-[] per cent. Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon] 
[specify other] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Annuity] 
[Redemption at par] 
[Equal principal payments] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
i 
Payment Basis: 
ii 
Instalment Amounts: 
iii 
Instalment Dates: 
[] 
[] 
[] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Covered Bonds into another Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis] 
 
12. 
Call Option:  
[Issuer Call/ Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Approval for issuance of the 
Covered Bonds: 
 
[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance 
of 
Covered 
Bonds 
obtained]: 
[Date/ Not Applicable] (N.B. Only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds) 
14. 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Provisions relating to Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
15. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Annuity 
Covered Bonds: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
to 
Maturity Date: 
[     ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]

--- Page 73 ---
62 
 
ii 
Rate(s) of Interest from 
Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[     ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
iii 
Number 
of 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
iv 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[The [] day in the months of [] and [] in each 
year up to and including the Maturity Date]. First 
Interest Payment Date being []. 
v 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [specify other] 
vi 
Principal Repayment(s): 
An amount calculated by the Issuer on each Interest 
Payment Date by multiplying the nominal amount on 
the Issue Date with the Index Ratio and with the factor 
A, which is calculated according to the following 
formula: 
𝐴 = 
r * (1 + r)k-1
(1 + r)n-1  
Where 
A = Principal repayment factor; 
r = ; 
c = The rate of interest of the relevant bond 
f = The number of interest payments per year 
n = Number of Interest Payment Dates 
k = the number of payments that have already been 
made (k=0 on the Issue Date, k=1 on the first Interest 
Payment Date, k=n on the last Interest Payment Date, 
etc.) 
vii 
Interest Payment(s): 
Interest is calculated on each Interest Payment date as 
the nominal amount on the Issue Date multiplied with 
the Index Ratio and with the factor I, which is 
calculated according to the following formula: 
𝐼𝐾=
𝑟∗[(1+𝑟)𝑛−(1+𝑟)𝑘−1]
(1+𝑟)𝑛−1
 
Where 
Ik = Interest repayment factor for period k 
r =  
f
c
f
c

--- Page 74 ---
63 
 
c = The rate of interest of the relevant bond 
f = The number of interest payments per year 
n = Number of Interest Payment Dates 
k = the number of payments that have already been 
made (k=0 on the Issue Date, k=1 on the first Interest 
Payment Date, k=n on the last Interest Payment Date, 
etc.)  
viii 
Payment(s): 
On each Interest Payment Date the sum of the relevant 
principal repayment and the Interest Payment.  
ix 
Calculation Agent: 
[Issuer] [specify other] 
x 
Index Ratio: 
The value of the Index Ratio (IR) on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be the value of the 
Reference Index (RI) applicable to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date divided by the value of the 
Base Index (BI) as calculated by the Issuer: 
IR =
RIt
BI 
where: 
Reference Index or RIt means on each Interest 
Payment Date: 
For each day in the calendar month and number RI 
rounded to 5 decimals:  
RI = 𝐶𝑃𝑀−2 + [
𝑑−1
𝐷∗(𝐶𝑃𝑀−1 −𝐶𝑃𝑀−2)] 
where: 
CPM-1 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland in 
the month preceding month M 
CPM-2 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland 2 
months prior to month M 
d = the relevant calendar date 
D = number of calendar days in the relevant calendar 
month 
Provided that if the Reference Index is lower than the 
Base Index, the Reference Index shall equal the Base 
Index. 
And

--- Page 75 ---
64 
 
Base Index means [to be inserted], being the value of 
the CPI on [to be inserted]. 
If at any time a new index is substituted for the CPI, 
as of the calendar month from and including that in 
which such substitution takes effect: 
(i) 
the Reference Index shall be deemed to refer 
to the new index; and 
(ii) 
the new Base Index shall be the product of the 
existing Base Index and the Reference Index 
immediately following such substitution, 
divided by the Reference Index immediately 
prior to such substitution. 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED EQUAL PRINCIPAL PAYMENT 
COVERED BONDS INCLUDING COVERED BONDS WITH ONE PAYMENT OF 
PRINCIPAL ON MATURITY DATE 
16. 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bonds: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
to 
Maturity Date: 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
ii 
Rate(s) of Interest from 
Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
iii 
Number of Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[number of dates] 
iv 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[The [   ] day in the months of [] and [] in each year 
up to and including the Maturity Date]. First Interest 
Payment Date being []. 
v 
Number 
of 
Principal 
Payment Dates: 
[Number of Interest Payment Dates/1] 
vi 
Principal Payment Date(s): 
[On each Interest Payment Date/Maturity Date] 
vii 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Act/Act] [specify other] 
viii 
Principal Repayment(s): 
An amount calculated by the Issuer on each 
Principal Payment Date by multiplying the Principal 
Amount Outstanding on the Issue Date with the 
Index Ratio and dividing with the number of 
Principal Payment Dates.

--- Page 76 ---
65 
 
ix 
Interest Payment(s): 
Interest is calculated on each Interest Payment date 
as the Principal Amount Outstanding on each 
Interest Payment Date multiplied with the Rate of 
Interest and, the appropriate Day Count Fraction.  
x 
Payments(s): 
On each Interest Payment Date the sum of the 
relevant principal repayment and the Interest 
Payment. 
xi 
Calculation Agent: 
[Issuer] [specify other] 
xii 
Principal 
Amount 
Outstanding: 
On the relevant Interest Payment Date, the Principal 
Amount Outstanding is calculated based on the 
following formula: 
P𝐴𝑂𝑡= (𝑃𝐴𝑂𝑡−1 −𝑃𝑅𝑡−1) IR𝑡
IR𝑡−1 
where: 
PAOt means the Principal Amount Outstanding on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
PAOt-1 means the Principal Amount Outstanding on 
the preceding Interest Payment Date. 
PRt-1 means the principal repayment on the 
preceding Interest Payment Date. 
IRt means the Index Ratio on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. 
IRt-1 means the Index Ratio on the preceding 
Interest Payment Date (Issue Date for the first 
Interest Payment Date). 
xiii 
Index Ratio: 
The value of the Index Ratio (IR) on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be the value of the 
Reference Index (RI) applicable to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date divided by the value of the 
Base Index (BI) as calculated by the Issuer: 
IR =
RI𝑡
BI 
where: 
Reference Index or RIt means on each Interest 
Payment Date: 
For each day in the calendar month and number RI 
rounded to 5 decimals:  
RI = 𝐶𝑃𝑀−2 + [
𝑑−1
𝐷∗(𝐶𝑃𝑀−1 −𝐶𝑃𝑀−2)]

--- Page 77 ---
66 
 
where: 
CPM-1 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland in 
the month preceding month M; 
CPM-2 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland 2 
months prior to month M; 
d = the relevant calendar date; and 
D = number of calendar days in the relevant 
calendar month, 
provided that if the Reference Index is lower than 
the Base Index, the Reference Index shall equal the 
Base Index. 
Base Index means [to be inserted], being the value 
of the CPI on [to be inserted]. 
If at any time a new index is substituted for the CPI, 
as of the calendar month from and including that in 
which such substitution takes effect: 
(i) 
the Reference Index shall be deemed to 
refer to the new index; and 
(ii) 
the new Base Index shall be the product of 
the existing Base Index and the Reference 
Index 
immediately 
following 
such 
substitution, divided by the Reference 
Index 
immediately 
prior 
to 
such 
substitution. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
17. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Covered 
Bond 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
to 
Maturity Date:  
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
ii 
Rate(s) of Interest from 
Maturity Date to Extended 
Maturity Date:  
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
iii 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/ [specify other]

--- Page 78 ---
67 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
iv 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/[specify other]] 
v 
Determination Date(s) 
[] in each year / [Not Applicable] 
vi 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds:  
[None/Give details] 
18. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
ii 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
[specify other]] 
iii 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s):  
[Specify/None ] 
iv 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
v 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount: 
[Issuer] [Fiscal Agent] [Calculation Agent] [Other] 
vi 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference 
Rate, 
Relevant Time and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
 
Reference Rate: [] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/ 
STIBOR/REIBOR/€STR/specify other] 
[Additional information is required if other]  
 
Relevant Time: [] in the Relevant Financial 
Centre 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/Oslo/ 
Stockholm/Reykjavík/specify other] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[] 
(Second day on which the TARGET System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR or €STR. For NIBOR, STIBOR and 
REIBOR, insert second [Oslo/Stockholm/Reykjavík]

--- Page 79 ---
68 
 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period) 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page:  
[] 
 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Observation Method: [Lag/Lock-Out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Look-
back Period: 
[Lag/Lock-Out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
D: 
[365/360/[]/[Not Applicable]] 
vii 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
(If applicable, and if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected, note that “Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, “Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” are not 
workable without amendments to the Conditions. 
This will require a drawdown prospectus to be 
prepared in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation for the relevant issue.) 
 
ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions][2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option:  
[] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
Designated Maturity: [] [Not Applicable] 
 
Reset Date:  
[] 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the

--- Page 80 ---
69 
 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Index Method:  
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] [[    ]%]

--- Page 81 ---
70 
 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] [[    ]%] 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (Only include where 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
Period End Date/Termination 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
Non-Representative: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[ ] Successor Benchmark Effective Date: [ ]] (Only 
include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)]] 
viii 
Margin(s) to Maturity Date:  
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
ix 
Margin(s) 
from 
Maturity 
Date to Extended Maturity 
Date:  
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
x 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
xi 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
xii 
Day Count Fraction:  
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]] 
[Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 
 
30E/360 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[Other] 
 
(See Condition [7.8(c)] for alternatives) 
xiii 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding provisions and any 
other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds, if different from those 
set out in the Terms and 
Conditions: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant to Exempt Covered Bonds)

--- Page 82 ---
71 
 
19. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i 
Accrual Yield:  
[] per cent. per annum 
ii 
Reference Price:  
[] 
iii 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[] 
iv 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts and late payment: 
[Conditions 9.6(b) and 9.10 apply/specify other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select “Applicable”) 
i 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):  
[] 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select “Each Interest Payment 
Date”) 
ii 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount of each Covered 
Bond and method, if any, of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[] per Covered Bond of [] Specified 
Denomination] [specify formula] [Condition 9.6(a) 
applies] 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select “Condition 9.6(a) applies”) 
iii 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[As set out in Condition 9.6 ] 
iv 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]

--- Page 83 ---
72 
 
v 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Terms and 
Conditions): 
[] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond: 
[[] per Covered Bond of [] Specified 
Denomination/specify other/see Appendix] [Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select “Not Applicable”) 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds 
which are expressed at paragraph 6 above to have 
a minimum denomination and tradeable amounts 
above such minimum denomination which are 
smaller than it the following wording should be 
added: “For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of 
a holding of Covered Bonds in an integral multiple 
of [   ] in excess of [   ] as envisaged in paragraph 6 
above, such holding will be redeemed at its nominal 
amount.”.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22. 
New Global Covered Bond: 
[Yes/No] 
23. 
Form of Covered Bonds:  
[CSD Covered Bonds] 
[Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond which is exchangeable for 
definitive Covered Bonds upon an Exchange 
Event] 
[Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for definitive Covered Bonds on 
and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for definitive Covered Bonds upon 
an Exchange Event] 
[Registered Covered Bond: 
[Global Covered Bond registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear

--- Page 84 ---
73 
 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Covered Bond that this item relates to the place 
of payment and not Interest Period end dates) 
25. 
Talons for future 
Coupons 
or 
Receipts to be attached to definitive 
Covered Bonds (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. (If yes, give details)] 
26. 
Details relating to 
partly paid 
Covered Bonds: amount of each 
payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to 
be made and consequences of failure 
to pay, including any right of the 
Issuer to forfeit the Covered Bonds 
and interest due on late payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details. N.B. a new form of 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond and/or 
Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond may be 
required for partly paid issues] 
27. 
Details 
relating 
to 
Instalment 
Covered Bonds: 
 
i 
Instalment Amount(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
ii 
Instalment Date(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
28. 
Other final terms:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(When adding any other final terms consideration 
should be given as to whether such terms 
constitute 
“significant 
new 
factors” 
and 
consequently trigger the need for supplements to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.) 
DISTRIBUTION 
29. 
 
i 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names ] 
ii 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
iii 
Stabilisation Manager (if any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
30. 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[] 
31. 
[U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Category 1/2/3; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]]

--- Page 85 ---
74 
 
32. 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
33. 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
34. 
[Relevant Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR/[]] is provided by [European 
Money Markets Institute/[]]. As at the date 
hereof, [ EURIBOR/[]] [[appears]/[does not 
appear]] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 
(the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation). [[As far as the Bank is aware, as 
at the date hereof, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [European Money 
Markets Institute]/[]] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)] OR 
[[] does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not Applicable]] 
35. 
European Covered Bonds (Premium) 
[Yes][No] 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of 
Covered Bonds described herein pursuant to the €4,000,000,000 European Covered Bond (Premium) 
Programme of Íslandsbanki hf.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[] has been 
extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 86 ---
75 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
 
i 
Listing:  
[Official List of Euronext Dublin]/other (specify) 
(unless the Issuer has made a notification to the 
CBI under Article 25 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, this can only be a listing on a market 
that is not a regulated market (for the purposes 
of MiFID II))/None] 
ii 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made for the Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to trading on [the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin] [other] (specify) 
with effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable/The Covered Bonds to be issued 
[have been][are expected to be] rated: 
[S & P: []] 
[Other: []] 
[Need to include here a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.)]  
[Each of [defined term for relevant rating agency 
to be inserted here] is established in the EEA and 
[is/are] registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
CRA 
Regulation).]/[Each of [defined term for relevant 
rating agency to be inserted here] [is/are] 
established in the United Kingdom and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK 
CRA Regulation).] 
[[defined term for relevant rating agency to be 
inserted here] [is/are] established in the EEA and 
certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the CRA Regulation).] 
[[defined term for relevant rating agency to be 
inserted here] [is/are] not established in the EEA

--- Page 87 ---
76 
 
but the rating it has given to the Covered Bonds 
are endorsed by [], which is established in the 
EEA and certified under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation).] 
[[defined term for relevant rating agency to be 
inserted here] [is/are] not established in the EEA 
but [is/are] certified under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation).] 
[Include alternative disclosure on Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009] 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION] 
[The [Central Bank of Ireland] [has been requested to provide/has provided (include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the 
Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues)] the [Financial Supervisory 
Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.]  
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer/Advisor], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the issue. – 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
5. 
USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
i 
Use of proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes] 
[The Covered Bonds constitute Sustainability 
Instruments and an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of the issue of the Covered Bonds will 
be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in 
part, the Issuer's investments in Eligible Assets 
(being [Green] [and/or] [Blue] [and/or] [Social] 
Project[s]), as further described in the Issuer’s 
Sustainable Financing Framework dated 28 
October 2020 (as amended or supplemented from 
time to time) available on the Issuer’s website] 
[For Sustainability Instruments only, include 
weblink for relevant framework and any other 
relevant information] 
[Specify other] 
ii 
Estimated net proceeds: 
iii 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] 
[] 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only) 
Indication of yield:  
[]

--- Page 88 ---
77 
 
[Calculated as on the Issue Date. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
7. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Covered Bonds Only) 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/REIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/€STR/other] rates can be obtained from 
[Telerate]. 
8. 
PERFORMANCE OF CPI, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING (Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds Only) 
The general cash-flow of the Covered Bonds is determined in real terms on the Issue Date. The 
nominal value of each future payment depends on the development of the CPI as demonstrated by 
the formula in paragraph 15 and 16 of Part A of this Final Terms. 
Information about the CPI can be accessed free of charge on the website of Statistics of Iceland, 
https://www.statice.is/statistics/economy/prices/consumer-price-index/. 
 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
i 
ISIN Code:  
[] 
ii 
Common Code:  
[] 
iii 
CFI Code:  
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable] 
iv 
FISN Code:  
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, 
requested or available, it/they should be 
specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
v 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
or Clearstream Banking, société 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 89 ---
78 
 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
vi 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
vii 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[] 
viii 
[CSD Agent 
[Íslandsbanki/Not Applicable/give name] 
(N.B. CSD Covered Bonds only) 
ix 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes, Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Covered Bonds are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Covered Bonds which are to be held 
under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean 
that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Covered Bonds are capable 
of meeting them the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper [include this text for Registered 
Covered Bonds which are to be held under the 
NSS]].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Covered Bonds will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 90 ---
79 
 
6. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated 
by reference into each Covered Bond (as defined below). The applicable Final Terms in 
relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions which shall, 
to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, 
replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Covered Bonds. 
Reference should be made to "Form of the Covered Bonds" for a description of the content of 
Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Covered Bonds. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by 
Íslandsbanki hf. (the Issuer). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series 
and shall mean:  
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond (a Global 
Covered Bond), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; and 
(b) 
any Global Covered Bond; and  
(c) 
any definitive Covered Bonds in bearer form (Bearer Covered Bonds) issued in 
exchange for a Global Covered Bond in bearer form; and  
(d) 
any definitive Covered Bonds in registered form (Registered Covered Bonds) 
(whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Covered Bond in registered form); and  
(e) 
any Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated book entry form cleared through the CSD 
(the CSD Covered Bonds). CSD Covered Bonds are in dematerialised form.  
Any references in these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) to Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons shall not apply to Registered Covered Bonds and CSD Covered Bonds and no global or 
definitive Covered Bonds will be issued in respect of CSD Covered Bonds.  
In the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 11 April 2023 and made between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch in its capacity as fiscal agent, paying agent and transfer agent (the Fiscal Agent, Paying 
Agent and Transfer Agent respectively which expressions shall include any successor fiscal 
agent, paying agent and transfer agent (as applicable), each as appointed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement) and Citibank Europe plc in its capacity as registrar (the Registrar, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar appointed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement). In relation to the CSD Covered Bonds, Íslandsbanki hf. will act as the CSD system 
account manager (the CSD Agent, which expression shall include any additional agent 
appointed by the Issuer from time to time in relation to the CSD Covered Bonds). The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent, the Registrar and the CSD Agent are together 
referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Covered Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof), as set out in Part A 
of the Final Terms which are (except in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) attached to or 
endorsed on this Covered Bond and complete (or in the case of an Exempt Covered Bond, 
modify and complete) the Conditions for the purposes of this Covered Bond. The Final Terms

--- Page 91 ---
80 
 
(or such relevant provisions thereof) must be read in conjunction with these Terms and 
Conditions may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to 
the extent inconsistent with the Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the Terms and 
Conditions for the purposes of this Covered Bond. References to the applicable Final Terms 
are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which are (except in the 
case of CSD Covered Bonds) attached to or endorsed on this Covered Bond and (in the case of 
the CSD Covered Bonds) which are deposited with the CSD and the CSD Agent. The 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
Any reference to Covered Bondholders or holders in relation to any Covered Bonds shall 
mean (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) the holders of the Covered Bonds, (in the case of 
Registered Covered Bonds) the persons in whose name the Covered Bonds are registered and 
shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond or in relation to 
any CSD Covered Bonds, be construed as provided below.  Any reference herein to 
Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons.  Any reference herein to the Receiptholders shall 
mean the holders Receipts. 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including 
as to listing and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together 
with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (i) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates 
and/or Issue Prices. 
The Covered Bondholders (except in the case of CSD Covered Bonds), the Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (subject to the terms of 
such Deed of Covenant) dated 11 April 2023 (such Deed of Covenant as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) made by the Issuer. 
The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined below).  
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agents. 
Copies of the Final Terms will, in the case of Covered Bonds admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin, be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  If the Covered Bonds are to be admitted to trading 
on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA), the applicable Final 
Terms will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing 
authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.   
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are also available for viewing at the office of the Issuer at 
Hagasmári 
3, 
201 
Kópavogur, 
Iceland 
and 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website: 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations. Copies may be obtained from 
the Issuer. In the case of Covered Bonds that are not admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA in circumstances requiring publication of a prospectus in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, copies of the Final Terms will only be available on request to the Issuer 
for inspection by a Covered Bondholder in respect of such Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled 
to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 92 ---
81 
 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(a) 
Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholder shall be deemed to include references to 
Coupons and Couponholders, respectively, where relevant; 
(b) 
If Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Covered 
Bonds at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(c) 
If Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Covered 
Bonds at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(d) 
Any reference to principal shall be deemed to include Final Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and any other amount 
in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(e) 
Any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(f) 
If an expression is stated in Condition 1 (Definitions and Abbreviations) to have the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is 
not applicable to Covered Bonds; 
(g) 
CSD Covered Bonds are in dematerialised form, and any references in these Terms and 
Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to CSD Covered Bonds and no 
global or definitive Covered Bonds will be issued in respect thereof; and 
(h) 
If the Covered Bonds are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable. 
Definitions 
Accrual Period 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(c)(i). 
Accrual Yield 
In relation to a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning 
given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Act on Covered Bonds  
Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, No. 11/2008, as amended. 
Additional Business Centre 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Additional Financial Centre 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Amortised Face Amount 
The meaning given in Condition 9.6(b).

--- Page 93 ---
82 
 
Annuity Amount 
The meaning given in Condition 8.1(a). 
Bankruptcy Act 
The Icelandic Act on Bankruptcy etc., No. 21/1991, as 
amended (Icelandic: lög um gjaldþrotaskipti o.fl. nr. 
21/1991). 
Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus dated 11 April 2023 or such base 
prospectus as is referenced in the applicable Final Terms of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (in each case, as 
supplemented). 
BRRD 
EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive No. 59/2014 (as 
amended). 
Business Day 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(a). 
Business Day Convention 
In respect of a Tranche of Covered Bonds, the business day 
convention specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
determined in accordance with Condition 7.8(b). 
Calculation Agent 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, 
Luxembourg, or its successors. 
CPI 
 
The consumer price indexation, as calculated by Statistics 
Iceland in accordance with the Act on Price Indexation No. 
12/1995 (Icelandic: Lög um vísitölu neysluverðs nr. 12/1995) 
and published monthly in the Legal Gazette (Icelandic: 
Lögbirtingablaðið) in Iceland. 
Cover Pool 
The pool of eligible assets recorded in the Register maintained 
by the Issuer in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. 
Cover Pool Member States 
A state which is a party to the Agreement on the European 
Economic Area or the European Free Trade Association 
Treaty, or the Faroe Islands. 
CRA Regulation 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on Credit Rating Agencies 
(as amended). 
CRR 
EU regulation No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms (amending Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012). 
CSD 
Either Nasdaq CSD Iceland, with its registered office at 
Laugavegur 
182, 
105 
Reykjavík, 
Iceland, 
or 
Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands CSD, with its registered office at 
Fiskislóð 31 A, 101 Reykjavík, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Dealer 
Any dealer appointed by the Issuer (if any).

--- Page 94 ---
83 
 
Designated Maturity 
The meaning given in the ISDA Definitions. 
Determination Date 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination Period 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(d). 
Directors 
The directors for the time being of the Issuer as defined in the 
Icelandic Act No. 2/1995, on Limited Liability Companies 
(Icelandic: lög um hlutafélög nr. 2/1995). 
Early Redemption Amount 
The amount calculated in accordance with Condition 9.6. 
EEA 
European Economic Area. 
Equal Payment Amount 
The meaning given in Condition 8.1(b). 
EU 
The European Union. 
EURIBOR 
Eurozone inter-bank offered rate. 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1, Boulevard du Roi Albert II  
B - 1210 Brussels, or its successor. 
Extended Maturity Date 
Means the date falling no later than thirty-six months from the 
Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds. 
Exempt Covered Bonds 
Means (i) unlisted Covered Bonds, (ii) Covered Bonds 
admitted to a market in the EEA other than a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II and/or (iii) Covered Bonds listed 
on other stock exchanges or markets outside the EEA, in each 
case, in respect of which no prospectus is required to be 
published pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the Prospectus Regulation) 
Final Redemption Amount 
The amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Terms 
Each Tranche will be the subject to the Final Terms which, 
for the purposes of that Tranche only, completes the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the Base 
Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus.  
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds that pay a fixed rate of interest on such date 
or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and on redemption calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate 
The meaning given in the ISDA Definitions. 
Floating Rate Convention 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(b)(i). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate determined:

--- Page 95 ---
84 
 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions;  
(b) 
or on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service; or  
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, or 
(d) 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Following Business Day Convention The meaning given in Condition 7.8(b)(ii). 
FSA 
The Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of 
Iceland. 
Group 
The Issuer and its Subsidiaries. 
Inflation Linked Covered Bonds 
Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds or Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds. 
Inflation Linked Annuity Covered 
Bonds  
Covered Bonds that pay an Annuity Amount on such date or 
dates as decided by the Issuer and set out in the Final Terms. 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bonds  
Covered Bonds that pay an Equal Payment Amount on such 
date or dates as decided by the Issuer and set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Instalment Amounts 
In respect of Instalment Covered Bonds, each amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds which will be redeemed in Instalment 
Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Dates 
In respect of Instalment Covered Bonds, each date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period, as calculated in accordance with 
Condition 7.4(d) or the amount of interest payable on 
Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds or Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds in respect of each 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period, as 
calculated in accordance with Conditions 7.1 and 7.2 
respectively.

--- Page 96 ---
85 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
In the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) 
which the relevant Covered Bonds will accrue interest 
Interest Determination Date 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds to which Screen 
Rate Determination is applicable, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date 
In respect of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Inflation Linked 
Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bonds, the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms and in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
the meaning given in Condition 7.4(a). 
Interest Period 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(e). 
ISDA 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA Definitions 
The meaning given in Condition 7.4(b). 
ISDA Determination 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
Document, the manner in which the Rate of Interest on 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds is to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 7.4. 
ISDA Rate 
The meaning given in Condition 7.4(b). 
ISK or Icelandic Krona or krónur 
The lawful currency of the Republic of Iceland. 
Issue Date 
Each date on which the Issuer issues a Tranche of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
The price, generally expressed as a percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Covered Bonds, at which a Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will be issued. 
Issuer 
Íslandsbanki hf., ID.No. 491008-0160 and LEI code 
549300PZMFIQR79Q0T97, having its registered office at 
Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland. 
Issuer Call 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provision by which the Issuer may redeem a Series of 
Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 9.3. 
Margin 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any). 
Maturity Date 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
In respect of a Floating Rate Covered Bond, the percentage 
rate per annum (if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 97 ---
86 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
The amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Member State 
A state which is a member of the European Economic Area. 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the percentage 
rate per annum (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
The amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(b)(iii). 
MiFID II 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EC, 
published in the Icelandic EEA Government Gazette (ice. 
Stjórnartíðindi). 
NIBOR 
The Norwegian inter-bank offered rate. 
Optional Redemption Amount 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms 
Optional Redemption Date 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms 
Overcollateralisation 
The certain percentage level by which the Value of the Cover 
Pool will exceed the nominal value of the liabilities, relating 
to the issued Covered Bonds, along with all accrued interests.  
Payment Day 
The meaning given in Condition 8.7. 
Preceding Business Day Convention The meaning given in Condition 7.8(b)(iv). 
Principal Amount Outstanding 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(f). 
Programme 
€4,000,000,000 
European 
Covered 
Bond 
(Premium) 
Programme established by the Issuer. Any increases of the 
Programme shall be subject to the FSA confirmation. 
Rate of Interest 
In respect of a Series of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the 
rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of such 
Covered Bonds determined in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. 
Redeemed Covered Bonds 
The meaning given in Condition 9.3. 
Reference Price 
In respect of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning 
given in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Rate 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds to which Screen 
Rate Determination applies, the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Subsidiary 
Means any Subsidiary other than (i) a Subsidiary acquired, 
formed or operated in relation to the merger and acquisitions 
services provided to a customer of the Issuer for the purpose 
of completing a transaction or restructuring a company or (ii)

--- Page 98 ---
87 
 
any Subsidiary acquired or formed as a result of the Issuer's 
foreclosure activities in relation to its general banking 
business. 
Registrar 
Any registrar appointed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement. 
Register 
Has the meaning given to it in the Act on Covered Bonds. 
Regulation S 
Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
REIBOR 
Reykjavík inter-bank offered rate. 
Relevant Screen Page 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds to which Screen 
Rate Determination applies, the screen page specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other page, section or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the 
person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate. 
Screen Rate Determination 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds is to be determined in accordance with 
Condition 7.4(b). 
Security Interest 
The meaning given in Condition 5.1. 
Selection Date 
The meaning given in Condition 9.3. 
Series 
A Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further 
Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (a) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions 
including the rules on foreign exchange issued by the Central 
Bank of Iceland (the Central Bank), any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer including but not 
limited to U.S. Dollars, Euro, Sterling, Japanese Yen, Danish 
Krone, Norwegian Krone, Swedish Krona, and Icelandic 
Krona and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination 
In respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the denomination or 
denominations of such Covered Bonds as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Interest Payment Date 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the meaning (if 
any) given in the applicable Final Terms. 
STIBOR 
The Stockholm inter-bank offered rate.

--- Page 99 ---
88 
 
Subsidiary 
Means an entity from time to time of which the Issuer (a) has 
direct or indirect control or (b) owns directly or indirectly 
more than 50 per cent of the share capital or similar 
ownership; "control" for this purpose means the power to 
direct the management and the policies of the entity, whether 
through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or 
otherwise. 
sub-unit 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(g). 
TARGET System 
The meaning given in Condition 7.8(a). 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered 
Bond 
The temporary global covered bond in bearer form which will 
initially represent the Bearer Covered Bonds of each Tranche. 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
or 
Conditions 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
US Securities Act 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Value 
The nominal par value of the Cover Pool along with all 
accrued interest (but excluding the nominal par value of each 
mortgage within the Cover Pool which is in arrears for 90 
days or longer at the relevant time). 
Yen or JPY 
The lawful currency for the time being of Japan 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds which will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and which will not bear interest 
€, Euro or euro 
The currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic monetary union pursuant to the Treaty 
€STR 
Euro Short-Term Rate 
£ or Sterling 
The lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom 
of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
$, U.S.$ or U.S. Dollars or US 
Dollars 
The lawful currency for the time being of the United States of 
America 
2. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
2.1 
Form and denomination 
The Covered Bonds are either (i) in bearer form, (ii) in registered form as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (iii) in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, uncertificated book entry 
form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Covered Bonds, 
serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). The Covered 
Bonds are in Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Covered Bonds of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified 
Denomination.  CSD Covered Bonds may not be exchanged for Bearer Covered Bonds or 
Registered Covered Bonds and vice versa.

--- Page 100 ---
89 
 
The Covered Bonds may be an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond, an Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond, a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered 
Bond, a Zero Coupon Covered Bond or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon 
the Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Covered Bonds have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. 
Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds repayable 
in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other 
than the final instalment) attached on issue. 
2.2 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons will pass by 
delivery, title to the Registered Covered Bonds will pass upon registration of transfers in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and title to CSD Covered Bonds will 
pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders at the CSD in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the CSD. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Covered Bond, Receipt or 
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Covered Bond or CSD Covered Bond as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
but, in the case of any Global Covered Bond, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the 
next succeeding paragraph, and the expressions Covered Bondholders or holders of Covered 
Bonds and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a Global Covered Bond held on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or so long as any of the Covered Bonds 
is an CSD Covered Bond each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
CSD) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the CSD, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CSD, as the case may be, as to the nominal amount of such 
Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the relevant Agents 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all purposes other than (in the 
case only of Covered Bonds not being CSD Covered Bonds) with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds, for which purpose, in the 
case of Covered Bonds represented by a bearer Global Covered Bond, the bearer of the relevant 
Global Covered Bond, or, in the case of Covered Bonds represented by Registered Global 
Covered Bonds, the registered holder shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant Global Covered Bond and the expressions Covered Bondholder and holder of 
Covered Bonds and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. Covered Bonds which 
are represented by a Global Covered Bond will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information from the register maintained by the 
CSD for the purpose of performing its obligations under the issue of CSD Covered Bonds. The 
CSD Agent shall be entitled to obtain such information as is required to perform its duties under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and rules and regulations of, and applicable 
to, the CSD.

--- Page 101 ---
90 
 
References to the CSD, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer. 
3. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS 
3.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be effected by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants 
and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors 
and transferees of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Covered Bonds 
will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable 
for Covered Bonds in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global 
Covered Bonds only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and 
only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement. 
3.2 
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Conditions 3.3 and 3.5 below, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Covered Bond in definitive form 
may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender 
the Registered Covered Bond for registration of the transfer of the Registered Covered Bond 
(or the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) at the specified office of any Transfer 
Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his 
or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer 
Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as provided above, 
the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three Business Days (being for this purpose a day on 
which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new 
Registered Covered Bond in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the 
Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant part of the Registered Covered Bond) transferred.  In 
the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Covered Bond in definitive form, a new 
Registered Covered Bond in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Covered 
Bond not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent 
to the transferor. 
3.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Covered Bond under Condition 9, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Covered Bond, or part of a Registered 
Covered Bond, called for partial redemption.

--- Page 102 ---
91 
 
3.4 
Costs of registration 
Covered Bondholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other 
than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in 
relation to the registration. 
3.5 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Covered Bonds generally 
Holders of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form may exchange such Covered Bonds 
for interests in a Registered Global Covered Bonds of the same type at any time.  
4. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS  
The Covered Bonds and any related Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with all 
other outstanding unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer that have been provided equivalent 
priority of claim to Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the terms of the Act on Covered 
Bonds . 
On the winding up or voluntary or involuntary liquidation of the Issuer, the Covered 
Bondholders will, by virtue of the Act on Covered Bonds, have certain rights of priority over, 
and be senior to the other creditors of the Issuer in respect of, the Cover Pool and payments 
received with respect to the Cover Pool, but junior to claims in respect of derivative agreements 
concluded or issued in accordance with the terms of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
5. 
ISSUER COVENANTS 
5.1 
Negative Pledge 
In accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, cf. Article 12(4), the Issuer undertakes, so long 
as any of the Covered Bonds, (if applicable) Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding, that it 
will not, and that it will procure that none of its Relevant Subsidiaries will, create or have 
outstanding any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest (each a Security 
Interest) over the mortgages or other assets in the Cover Pool, other than any lien arising by 
operation of law (if any).  
5.2 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the value of the Cover Pool will not at any 
time be less than the total aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Covered Bonds plus 
an Overcollateralisation of at least the higher of (i) 5 per cent.; (ii) such percentage as required 
under the Act on Covered Bonds and/or the Rules on Covered Bonds from time to time; and 
(iii) such percentage as may be agreed between the Issuer and any rating agency from time to 
time. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Issuer will maintain an 
Overcollateralisation of (a) at least 25 per cent. until March 2024 (or, if earlier, the date on 
which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 25 per cent. are redeemed 
in full), (b) at least 20 per cent. from March 2024 until May 2026 (or, if earlier, the date on 
which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 20 per cent. are redeemed 
in full) and (c)  at least 10 per cent. from May 2026 until May 2030 (or, if earlier, the date on

--- Page 103 ---
92 
 
which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 10 per cent. are redeemed 
in full). 
5.3 
Composition of the Cover Pool 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding the Issuer shall ensure that the Cover 
Pool maintained or to be maintained by the Issuer shall at all times comply with the 
requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding the Issuer covenants that no Mortgages 
in commercial real estate will be contained in the Cover Pool. 
5.4 
Interest Cover 
The amounts of interest received by the Issuer in respect of the Cover Pool and under the related 
derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer shall be at least equal to or exceed the amounts 
payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and the related derivative contracts entered into 
by the Issuer. 
6. 
[NOT USED] 
7. 
INTEREST 
7.1 
Interest on Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
Each Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond bears interest on its nominal amount outstanding 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
Rate(s) of Interest. Interest shall be calculated as defined under Interest Payment(s) in the 
applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest amount in the Specified 
Currency. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest 
shall be calculated by using the same methodology as described for Interest Payment(s) in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Interest on Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds 
Each Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount 
Outstanding from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest shall be calculated as defined under Interest Payment(s) 
in the applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest amount in the 
Specified Currency. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest 
shall be calculated by using the same methodology as described for Interest Payment(s) in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7.3 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of 
Interest.

--- Page 104 ---
93 
 
Interest shall be calculated as defined under Interest Payment(s) in the applicable Final Terms 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest amount in the Specified Currency. Interest will 
be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. 
The Issuer will calculate the amount of interest (each an Interest Amount) payable on the 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
7.4 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on 
either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months, or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms, after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (b), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Paying Agent or other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the Paying

--- Page 105 ---
94 
 
Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds and as, published by ISDA, or (ii) if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Covered Bonds (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(iii) 
unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Reset Date is the 
first day of that Interest Period; 
(iv) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding 
Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method will be one of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(B) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(C) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(v) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Averaging is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Overnight Rate Averaging Method will be 
one of the following, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
Averaging with Lookback; 
(B) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift; or 
(C) 
Averaging with Lockout; and 
(vi) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index 
Method will be Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall, unless 
expressly provided for above, be deemed to be references to the numbers or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. 
The ISDA Definitions contain provisions for determining the applicable Floating Rate (as 
defined below) (including Supplement 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions and Section 9 of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions (Bespoke Triggers and Fallbacks)) in the event that the specified 
Floating Rate is not available and such provisions shall, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, apply to Floating Rate Covered Bonds as if incorporated in these 
Conditions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.

--- Page 106 ---
95 
 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, Overnight Rate Averaging Method, Compounding with 
Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift, Compounding with Lockout, 
Averaging with Lookback, Averaging with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with 
Lockout, Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days, Index Method and Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds where the Reference 
Rate is other than €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
(ii) 
if there is more than one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page, the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuer (or, in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, the 
CSD Agent). If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Issuer or the CSD Agent (as applicable) for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (i), no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (ii), fewer than three offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, (in the case 
of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Covered 
Bonds) the CSD Agent, shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide (in the case of 
Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Covered 
Bonds) the CSD Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide (in the case of Covered Bonds other 
than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by (in 
the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD 
Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides (in the 
case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD 
Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which 
(in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of 
CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if

--- Page 107 ---
96 
 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered 
Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent by the Reference 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks 
in Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market 
of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide (in the 
case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD 
Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the 
purpose) informs (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds) the Issuer or 
(in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of 
the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Where: 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Eurozone 
office of four major banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market; and, in the case of a determination 
of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre 
of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case 
selected by the Issuer.  
Reference Rate shall mean (i) the Eurozone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), (ii) the 
Reykjavík interbank offered rate (REIBOR), (iii) the Norwegian interbank offered rate 
(NIBOR), (iv) the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR) or (v) in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds, such other interbank offered rate or reference rate as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in each case for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject as provided in Condition 7.5.  
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean (i) Brussels, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, (ii) Reykjavík, in the case of a determination of REIBOR, (iii) Oslo, in the case of 
a determination of NIBOR, (iv) Stockholm in the case of a determination of STIBOR, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (iv) in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, such other 
principal financial centre as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page shall mean the screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
Reference Rate.

--- Page 108 ---
97 
 
Relevant Time shall mean the time specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds where the Reference 
Rate is €STR 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is €STR: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will (subject to this 
Condition 7.4(b)(iii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
where the Reference Rate is €STR) and Condition 7.4(c) (Minimum Rate of Interest 
and/or Maximum Rate of Interest) and subject as provided below) be Compounded 
Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will (subject to this Condition 
7.4(b)(iii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds where the 
Reference Rate is €STR) and Condition 7.4(c) (Minimum Rate of Interest and/or 
Maximum Rate of Interest) and subject as provided below) be the Weighted Average 
Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin all 
as determined by the Fiscal Agent  on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is €STR then, subject to Condition 7.5 and unless the Issuer determines that both 
an €STR Index Cessation Event and €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred (as to 
which, see below), if, in respect of any Business Day the Fiscal Agent determines that the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be a 
rate equal to €STR in respect of the first preceding Business Day on which the €STR was 
published on the ECB’s Website (and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
If the Issuer determines that further to foregoing both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads 
or adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by (i) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
(ii) the European Securities and Markets Authority, in each case for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central 
Bank or another administrator) and as provided by the administrator of that rate or, if that rate 
is not provided by the administrator thereof (or a successor administrator), published by an 
authorised distributor (the ECB Recommended Rate), provided that, if no such rate has been 
recommended before the end of the first Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, then the rate for each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period occurring on

--- Page 109 ---
98 
 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility that 
banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on the European 
Central Bank’s Website (the EDFR) on such Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR over an observation period of 30 Business 
Days starting 30 Business Days prior to the day on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs and ending on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurs (the EDFR Spread); provided further that, if both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate for each Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on such Business Day 
plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR over an observation period of 30 Business Days starting 30 Business Days prior to the 
day on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs and ending on the 
Business Day immediately preceding the day on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event occurs. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Fiscal Agent, subject to Condition 7.5), the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, determined as if references to 
€STR for each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period occurring on or after the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB Recommended 
Rate or, if the EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended 
Rate, the latest published EDFR plus the EDFR Spread (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If a €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the Issuer will promptly notify the Fiscal Agent of 
such occurrence. 
If the Covered Bonds become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the Covered Bonds became due and 
payable with corresponding adjustments being deemed to be made to the Compounded Daily 
€STR formula) and the Rate of Interest on the Covered Bonds shall, for so long as any such 
Covered Bonds remain outstanding, be the Rate of Interest determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.4(b)(iii): 
Applicable Period means: 
(a) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Period; and 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Observation Period;

--- Page 110 ---
99 
 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate of 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Fiscal Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
D is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, (i) where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Applicable Period and (ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, (i) where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, the number of Business Days in the relevant 
Applicable Period and (ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, for any Observation Period, the number of Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
€STR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank (the ECB's Website) in each case, on or 
before 9.00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the euro Business Day immediately following 
such Business Day; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
€STR announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide €STR;  
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of €STR and an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR would ordinarily have been provided and is no 
longer provided;

--- Page 111 ---
100 
 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate would ordinarily have been provided and is no longer provided; 
i means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day (i) where "Lag" or "Lock-Out" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Observation Method, in such Applicable Period and (ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, in the relevant Observation Period; 
Lock-Out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
ni, for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but 
excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period; 
p means, for any Interest Period: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five Business Days); 
(b) 
where "Lock-Out" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, zero; 
r means:

--- Page 112 ---
101 
 
(a) 
where in the relevant Final Terms either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such 
Business Day; 
(b) 
where in the relevant Final Terms "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; and 
(ii) in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-Out Period), the €STR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination 
Date); 
Reference Day means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any 
Business Day in the Lock-Out Period; 
ri-pBD means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for (i)  where, 
in the relevant Final Terms, "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, any Business Day 
(being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days 
prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) where "Lock-Out" or "Observation Shift" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Observation Method, the relevant Business Day "i"; 
Weighted Average Reference Rate means: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the 
relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate 
by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar 
day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for 
the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(b) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during the 
relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products 
and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, 
provided however that, for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-
Out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-Out Period will 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-Out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate 
in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso 
above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, REIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or 
€STR the Rate of Interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be determined as provided in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest

--- Page 113 ---
102 
 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specifies a Minimum Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.4(b) above is less 
than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, which may not be less than zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specifies a Maximum Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7.4(b) above is 
greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, Inflation 
Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds) 
will at, or as soon as practicable after, each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period (and the Rate of Interest in the 
case of CSD Covered Bonds, Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds will be determined by the Issuer). 
The Fiscal Agent (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, Inflation 
Linked Annuity Covered Bond and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds), 
or the Issuer (in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds) will calculate the amount of interest 
(each an Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds, in respect of each 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such 
sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
(e) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 7.4, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error as aforesaid) 
be binding on the Issuer and all Covered Bondholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
7.5 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds and Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined, then the provisions of this Condition 7.5 shall apply. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 7.4, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or

--- Page 114 ---
103 
 
(B) 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than the relevant IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds for such next Interest Period 
and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 7.5 during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 7.5: 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall be the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
7.5); 
(B) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(x) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7.5); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will 
apply without an Adjustment Spread for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 7.5); and 
(C) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may in its discretion 
specify: 
(x) 
other changes to these Conditions which it determines are reasonably 
necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, (1) 
the Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, 
Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre, Relevant Screen Page, 
Relevant Time (as applicable) applicable to the Covered Bonds and 
(2) the method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in 
relation to the Covered Bonds if such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially

--- Page 115 ---
104 
 
reasonable manner, determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the 
proper operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate of 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable),  
which changes shall apply to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7.5); and 
(D) 
promptly following the determination of (x) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (y) if applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes 
(and the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 7.5(ii)(C) to the Fiscal 
Agent (in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, 
Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal 
Principal Payment Covered Bonds) and, in all cases, to each stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).   
No consent of the Covered Bondholders shall be required in connection with effecting the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) described in 
this Condition 7.5 or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 7.5(ii), including for 
the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties 
to the Agency Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is 
not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 7.5 prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 7.4(b). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall act in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Covered 
Bondholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to 
the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
7.5. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage 
in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original

--- Page 116 ---
105 
 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if neither (i) nor (ii) above applies, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines to be appropriate; 
Alternative Reference Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the component part thereof) in respect of debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration, in the case of Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds, to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as it determines in its discretion 
is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be published; or  
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally or in respect of the Covered Bonds; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Covered Bonds other than 
CSD Covered Bonds, Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds) or the Issuer (in the case of CSD Covered 
Bonds, Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bonds) or any Calculation Agent (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Covered Bondholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended from time to time), if 
applicable); 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of paragraphs (ii) 
and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation 
of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of (iv) above, on the date of 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of paragraph (v) above, on

--- Page 117 ---
106 
 
the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be 
deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying 
market and which is specified in the public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
IA Determination Cut-off Date means the date that is no later than five Business Days prior 
to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following Interest Period; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Original Reference Rate means:  
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
of the Covered Bonds; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to 
the operation of this Condition 7.5; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference 
Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate, which successor or 
replacement is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
7.6 
Accrual of interest 
(a) 
Each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that part 
only of such Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date of its redemption 
unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. In the event of non-payment 
of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, interest will accrue as provided in Condition 9.10. 
(b) 
The Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which 
the Covered Bonds are redeemed or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to this Condition 7. In 
that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate determined in 
accordance with Condition 7.7(b) on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending

--- Page 118 ---
107 
 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date;  
(c) 
The rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 7.6(b) will be as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Calculation Agent so 
specified, three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period 
and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(d) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, for the purposes of this 
Condition 7.6 the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount 
in accordance with these Conditions. 
7.7 
Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date.  
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series 
of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity 
Date in accordance with Condition 9.11: 
(a) 
the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on 
which the Covered Bonds are redeemed or the Extended Maturity Date. In that event, 
interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 7.7(b) on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds on 
each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise 
provided in the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no 
later than the Extended Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 7.7(a) will be as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Issuer so 
specified, three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such 
Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, for the purposes 
of this Condition 7.7 the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the 
Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
7.8 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction and other adjustments 
(a) 
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre (other than 
TARGET System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System (known as TARGET or T2) or any successor or 
replacement for that system(the TARGET System) is open; and

--- Page 119 ---
108 
 
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 
System is open. 
(b) 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
7.4(a)(ii), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (1) in the case 
of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (2) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (I) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, and (II) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as 
defined in Condition 7.8(d)) during which the Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year 
assuming that interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that year; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of (I) the 
number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates

--- Page 120 ---
109 
 
that would occur in one calendar year; and (II) the number of days in such 
Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366, and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless, in the case of Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds only, (i) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st day of a 
month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of 
a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to 
be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day 
of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the 
first day or last day of the Interest Period unless, in the case of the final Interest Period, 
the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month);  
(viii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 121 ---
110 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; or 
(ix) 
such other Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
(e) 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date  to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date provided, in each case, that the first Interest 
Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and the final Interest 
Period shall end on but exclude the Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, if applicable). 
(f) 
Principal Amount Outstanding means, in respect of a Covered Bond, except an Inflation 
Linked Annuity Covered Bond and an Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered 
Bond, on any day the principal amount of that Covered Bond on the Issue Date less principal 
amounts (if any) received by the holder of such Covered Bond in respect thereof on or prior to 
that day. In respect of an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond and an Inflation Linked Equal 
Principal Payment Covered Bond, Principal Amount Outstanding shall have the meaning given 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(g) 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, euro 0.01. 
8. 
PAYMENTS 
8.1 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Covered Bonds 
(a) 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
In case of an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond, the Issuer shall, on each relevant Interest 
Payment Date, make a combined payment of principal, and interest due (together, the Annuity 
Amount) as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the formula specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(b) 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds 
In case of an Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond, the Issuer shall, on each 
relevant Interest Payment Date, make a combined payment of principal, and interest due

--- Page 122 ---
111 
 
(together, the Equal Payment Amount) as calculated by the Issuer in accordance with the 
formula specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents 
are subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto 
(FATCA). 
8.3 
Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons 
(a) 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 8.2 (Method of payment) above only 
against presentation and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, 
endorsement) of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, and payment of interest in respect of 
definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America including 
the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to 
its jurisdiction)). 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than Inflation Linked Covered 
Bonds) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the 
sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry 
of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10 (Taxation) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 11 
(Prescription)). Upon any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due 
and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will 
become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
(c) 
Coupons for Floating Rate, Inflation Linked Covered Bonds: Upon the date on which any 
Floating Rate Covered Bond or Inflation Linked Covered Bond in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether

--- Page 123 ---
112 
 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
(d) 
Payments other than in respect of Matured Coupons: If the due date for redemption of any 
definitive Bearer Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in 
respect of such definitive Bearer Covered Bond from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Covered Bond. 
(e) 
CSD Covered Bonds: Payments of principal and interest in respect of CSD Covered Bonds will 
be made to the Covered Bondholders shown in the relevant records of the CSD in accordance 
with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing the CSD. 
8.4 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds represented by any 
Global Covered Bond in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Covered Bonds or otherwise in the manner 
specified in the relevant Global Covered Bond, where applicable, against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Covered Bond at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such 
Global Covered Bond by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
8.5 
Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Covered Bond at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  
Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the 
holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Covered Bond appearing in the 
register of holders of the Registered Covered Bonds maintained by the Registrar (the Covered 
Bond Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose 
a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a 
non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Covered Bond Register and Designated Bank 
means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency and (in the case of a payment in euro) 
any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) 
in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will be made by 
transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Covered Bond appearing in the Covered Bond Register (i) where in 
global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date).  Payment of the

--- Page 124 ---
113 
 
interest due in respect of each Registered Covered Bond on redemption and the final instalment 
of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Covered Bond. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Covered Bonds. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
8.6 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Covered Bond shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond and the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond in respect 
of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Covered Bonds 
represented by such Global Covered Bond must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his or her share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar 
payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be made at the 
specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Covered Bonds in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
8.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon is 
not a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount 
due until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum 
in respect of any such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject 
to Condition 11) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in:

--- Page 125 ---
114 
 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET System is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency  or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 
System is open. 
8.8 
Interpretation of principal 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(d) 
in relation to Covered Bonds (other than Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds or 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds) redeemable in instalments, 
the Instalment Amounts; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 9.6(b)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under 
or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
9. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
9.1 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal 
Principal Payment Covered Bonds 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Inflation Linked Annuity 
Covered Bond and each Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond will, subject 
to Condition 8.1(a) or (b) (as applicable), be redeemed in one or more amounts, calculated in 
accordance with the formula specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the relevant Interest Payment Dates. 
9.2 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Covered Bond will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date.

--- Page 126 ---
115 
 
9.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If an Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount (if any) and not more than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount (if any), in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed (Redeemed Covered Bonds) will be selected (i) in the case of definitive Covered 
Bonds, individually by lot without involving any part only of a Bearer Covered Bond and not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the Selection Date), (ii) in the case of Global Covered Bonds, in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and 
(iii) in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules of the CSD. In the case of 
Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definite Covered Bonds, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Covered Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less 
than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered Bonds shall bear the same portion 
to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Covered Bonds as the aggregate nominal 
amount of definite Covered Bond outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Covered Bonds outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date.  No exchange of the relevant 
definitive Covered Bond will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection 
Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 9.3 and notice 
to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the relevant Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
9.4 
Redemption due to illegality or invalidity 
If the Covered Bonds become illegal and/or invalid, the Covered Bonds of all Series may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less 
than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to all Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable). 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9.4 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 9.6 together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
(and, if this is an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond or an Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bond, adjusted for indexation in accordance with the provisions set out in 
the applicable Final Terms) to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
9.5 
Certification 
The publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 9.6 shall include a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled or required to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the certificate shall be sufficient evidence of 
the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive 
and binding on all Covered Bondholders, (if applicable) Receiptholders and Couponholders.

--- Page 127 ---
116 
 
9.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 9.4, 9.7, 9.10 and 9.12, each Covered Bond will be redeemed at 
its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Covered Bond (other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond but including 
an Instalment Covered Bond), at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, at its Principal Amount Outstanding (and, in the case of 
an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond or an Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bond, adjusted for indexation in accordance with the provisions set 
out in the applicable Final Terms); or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at an amount (the Amortised Face 
Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Covered 
Bond becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360, or on such 
other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
9.7 
Instalments 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment 
Dates. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined 
pursuant to Condition 9.6. 
9.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Covered Bonds at any price in 
the open market or otherwise. Subject to the provision below, such Covered Bonds may be 
held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Issuer for cancellation. 
9.9 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Covered Bonds so cancelled and any Covered Bonds purchased and 
surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 9.8 and cancelled (together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent 
and in the case of CSD Covered Bonds shall be deleted from the records of the CSD and cannot 
be reissued or resold.

--- Page 128 ---
117 
 
9.10 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to Conditions 9.2, 9.3 or 9.4 above, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 9.6(a) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Covered Bond becomes due and payable 
were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have 
been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Covered Bonds has been received by (in the case of Covered Bonds 
other than CSD Covered Bond) the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Covered 
Bonds, the Registrar or (in the case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
15. 
9.11 
Extension of Maturity Date  
(a) 
Extension of Maturity Date: 
(i) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the Issuer (i) has received approval from the FSA to extend the 
maturity of the Covered Bonds (a Maturity Extension Approval) and (ii) fails to pay 
the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms, the 
maturity of the outstanding Covered Bonds not so redeemed and the date on which such 
Covered Bonds will, notwithstanding any insolvency, bankruptcy or resolution in 
respect of the Issuer at the relevant time, be due and repayable for the purposes of these 
Terms and Conditions will be extended up to and including (but no later than) the 
Extended Maturity Date.  In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date 
falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity 
Date.  
(ii) 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and will be payable on each 
Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Covered Bondholders 
(in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) of such Maturity Extension Approval 
(provided, however, that any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not in any 
event affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension of maturity or give any 
Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or 
otherwise with respect to the relevant Covered Bonds other than as provided for in 
these Conditions). 
(iv) 
The Issuer shall give the Fiscal Agent not less than five Business Days’ notice (in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) prior to the Maturity Date whether (a) 
payment will be made of the Final Redemption Amount of the applicable Series of 
Covered Bonds in full on their Maturity Date or (b) the obligation to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds on their Maturity Date 
shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity Date (the Extension Notice).

--- Page 129 ---
118 
 
(v) 
Any failure by the Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date, or 
give rise to rights to any such person. 
(b) 
Zero Coupon Bonds: 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to which an Extended 
Maturity Date is specified under the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition 
9.11 the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer 
on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions. 
(c) 
Extension Irrevocable:  
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 9.11 shall be irrevocable. 
Where this Condition 9.11 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity 
Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 9.11 shall not 
constitute an event of default or acceleration of payment for any purpose or give any Covered 
Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant 
Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions. 
(d) 
Payments:  
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 9.11 
Interest Rates, Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates on the Covered Bonds from (and 
including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined 
in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Partial Redemption after Maturity Date:  
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Covered Bonds on 
any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be 
applied rateably across the Covered Bonds and the principal amount outstanding on the 
Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. If any partial redemption after 
the Maturity Date is not sufficient to redeem all outstanding Interest Payments, then the 
remainder of any Interest Payment shall be added to the principal amount of the Covered Bonds. 
(f) 
Restriction on Further Issues:  
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in 
accordance with this Condition 9.11, then,  subject as otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms, for so long as any of those Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall 
not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Covered 
Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue to redeem in whole or in part the relevant Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the terms thereof. 
9.12 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Covered Bondholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) and, in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, the CSD if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition

--- Page 130 ---
119 
 
10 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
the Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 10), or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulation, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
were a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent to make available at its specified office to the 
Covered Bondholders (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a 
result of such change or amendment. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9.12 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
10. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons by the 
Issuer will be made without, or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amount as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Covered Bonds 
and (if any) Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Covered 
Bonds or (if any) Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Covered Bond or 
(if any) Coupon: 
(a) 
in respect of any demand made for payment in Iceland;  
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or government charges 
of whatever nature in respect of such Covered Bond or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Covered 
Bond or Coupon; or 
(c) 
in respect of any demand for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to 
an additional amount on making such demand on such thirtieth day assuming that day 
to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 8.4); or 
(d) 
on account of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or 
withheld by reason of the application of Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or 
any successor provisions), any regulation, pronouncement or agreement thereunder,

--- Page 131 ---
120 
 
official interpretations thereof, or any intergovernmental agreement or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, whether currently in effect or as 
published and amended from time to time. 
As used herein: 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by (in the case of Bearer Covered 
Bonds) the Fiscal Agent or (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds) the Registrar or (in the 
case of CSD Covered Bonds) the CSD Agent, in each case, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12; and 
Tax Jurisdiction means Iceland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax. 
Pursuant to point 8 of the first Paragraph of Article 3 of Icelandic Act No. 90/2003 on Income 
Tax, as amended (the ITA), non-Icelandic residents are not subject to tax on any interest income 
derived by them from the Covered Bonds and Coupons provided the Covered Bonds are 
registered with a securities depository within the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development, the  European Economic Area or a member of the European Free Trade 
Association or the Faroe Islands (any such securities depository, an Eligible Securities 
Depository) and the Issuer registers the Covered Bonds with the Directorate of Internal 
Revenue in Iceland. The Issuer undertakes to ensure that any Covered Bonds are registered and 
accepted for clearance with an Eligible Securities Depository (which would include Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg) and to register any Covered Bonds with the Directorate of 
Internal Revenue in Iceland on or prior to the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and to obtain a 
certificate of exemption in respect thereof. In the event that such exemption to the ITA is 
forfeited, suspended or revoked as a result of the Issuer failing to register the Covered Bonds 
as aforesaid or the Covered Bonds being in definitive form and held outside an Eligible 
Securities Depository or the Covered Bonds otherwise ceasing to be registered with an Eligible 
Securities Depository or for any other reason and any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
is accordingly subject to withholding or deduction pursuant to the ITA, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders 
of the Covered Bonds or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of  interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Covered 
Bonds or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction (and 
the exceptions set out in paragraphs (a) to (f) above shall not be applicable). 
11. 
PRESCRIPTION  
The Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons will become void in accordance with Act on the 
Expiration of Debt and other Obligations No. 150/2007 unless presented for payment within 10 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined above). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon, any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
8.3 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 8.3. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF COVERED BONDS, RECEIPTS COUPONS AND TALONS 
This Condition 12 only applies to Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds.

--- Page 132 ---
121 
 
Should any Covered Bond, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Covered Bonds, Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered 
Bonds) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any 
additional Paying Agents or Transfer Agents or any alternative CSD Agent is appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and, in the case of a Series of Registered 
Covered Bonds, a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading 
by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Covered Bonds) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Covered 
Bonds) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority;  
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(d) 
in the case of CSD Covered Bonds, there will always be a CSD Agent authorised to act 
as an account holding institution with the CSD and one or more calculation agent(s) 
where the applicable Final Terms of the relevant CSD Covered Bonds so require. 
In addition, in the case of Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall 
forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 8.6 (General provisions applicable to payments).  Notice 
of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Agents will be given to the Covered 
Bondholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Covered Bondholder or 
Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
14. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
This Condition 14 only applies to Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final

--- Page 133 ---
122 
 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Covered Bond to which it appertains) a 
further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 11 (Prescription). 
15. 
NOTICES 
15.1 
Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds 
This Condition 15.1 only applies to Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds. 
All notices regarding the Bearer Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if published 
in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected 
that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Covered Bonds are 
for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will 
be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication in a daily newspaper. 
All notices regarding the Registered Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if sent 
by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Covered Bond Register 
and will be deemed to have been given on the second day after mailing and, in addition, for so 
long as any Registered Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading 
by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place 
or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Covered Bonds are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Covered Bonds representing the Covered Bonds are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or 
such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for communication by them to the holders of the Covered Bonds provided that, for so long as 
any Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice shall 
also be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Covered 
Bonds on the first day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Covered Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the 
same, together (in the case of any Covered Bond in definitive form) with the relative Covered 
Bond or Covered Bonds, with the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds).  Whilst any of the Covered Bonds are 
represented by a Global Covered Bond, such notice may be given by any holder of a Covered 
Bond to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15.2 
CSD Covered Bonds 
This Condition 15.2 only applies to CSD Covered Bonds. 
All notices regarding the CSD Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if published 
in accordance with the procedures of the CSD.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other

--- Page 134 ---
123 
 
relevant authority on which the CSD Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given to the 
holders of the CSD Covered Bonds on the date it is published in accordance with the procedures 
of the CSD.  Notices to be given by any holder of CSD Covered Bonds may be given by such 
holder through CSD in such manner as the CSD Agent and the CSD may approve for this 
purpose. The Issuer can additionally at its own discretion obtain information from the CSD on 
the Covered Bondholders in order to send notices to each Covered Bondholder directly. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF COVERED BONDHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
16.1 
Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds 
This Condition 16.1 only applies to Covered Bonds other than CSD Covered Bonds. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Covered 
Bondholders (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, in 
whole or in part) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in Schedule 4, Part 1 of the Agency Agreement) of a 
modification of the Covered Bonds, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by 
the Issuer if required in writing by Covered Bondholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being remaining outstanding.  
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Covered Bondholders whatever the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of 
certain provisions of the Covered Bonds, the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the 
date of maturity of the Covered Bonds or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Covered 
Bonds or altering the currency of payment of the Covered Bonds, the Receipts or the Coupons 
or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding.   
The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per 
cent. of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of 
the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time 
being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant 
clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be binding on all the Covered Bondholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, 
and on all Couponholders. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant 
or the Agency Agreement which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law

--- Page 135 ---
124 
 
or to comply with the provisions of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 
(collectively, the EU Covered Bond Rules) as implemented into Icelandic law and/or to 
comply with the provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
16.2 
CSD Covered Bonds 
This Condition 16.2 only applies to CSD Covered Bonds. 
The Agency Agreement provides that meetings of Covered Bondholders (for the purposes of 
this Condition 16.2, a Covered Bondholders’ Meeting) may be convened by the Issuer and 
shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Covered Bondholders holding not less 
than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons 
holding a certificate or certificates (dated no earlier than 14 days prior to the meeting) from 
either the CSD or the CSD Agent stating that each such Covered Bondholder is entered into the 
records of the CSD (as applicable) as a Covered Bondholder, and such Covered Bondholder or 
Covered Bondholders collectively hold or represent not less than 50 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding and provide an undertaking that 
no transfers or dealings have taken place or will take place in the relevant Covered Bonds until 
the conclusion of the meeting, or at any adjourned meeting one or more such persons being or 
representing Covered Bondholders whatever the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds so held 
or represented; except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of 
certain provisions of the Covered Bonds as set out in Schedule 4, Part 2 of the Agency 
Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the Covered Bonds or any date for 
payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds or altering the currency of payment of the Covered 
Bonds), the quorum shall be one or more such persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, 
or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons being or representing Covered 
Bondholders whatever the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds so held or represented. A 
resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered Bondholders shall be binding on all the 
Covered Bondholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
For the purposes of a meeting of the Covered Bondholders, the person named in the certificate 
from the CSD or the CSD Agent described above shall be treated as the holder of the Covered 
Bonds specified in such certificate, provided that he has given an undertaking not to transfer 
the Covered Bonds so specified (prior to the close of the meeting). 
The provisions for the convening and holding of such Covered Bondholders’ Meetings are set 
out in the Agency Agreement. 
The CSD Agent, the Fiscal Agent (insofar as the relevant modification relates to the Agency 
Agreement) and the Issuer may agree without the consent of any of the Covered Bondholders, 
to any modification of the CSD Covered Bonds or the Agency Agreement (insofar as the 
relevant modification to the Agency Agreement relates to the CSD Covered Bonds) which, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law or to comply with the EU 
Covered Bond Rules as such may be implemented into Icelandic law and/or to comply with the 
provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds.

--- Page 136 ---
125 
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further covered bonds having terms 
and conditions the same as the Covered Bonds or the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and 
form a single Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Covered Bond under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of 
any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Covered Bonds the Coupons, the Receipts 
and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Covered Bonds the Coupons, the Receipts and 
the Talons, are and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, except 
for Condition 4 and the registration of CSD Covered Bonds with the CSD and Condition 15.2 
which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic law. 
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 19.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to the 
Coupons, the Receipts and/or the Talons , including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds the Coupons, the Receipts and/or the Talons (a Dispute) and accordingly each 
of the Issuer and any Covered Bondholders, Couponholders or Receiptholders in relation to any 
Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, each of the Issuer and any Covered Bondholders, 
Couponholders or Receiptholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
This Condition 19.2(c) is for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders, the Couponholders and 
the Receiptholders only.  To the extent allowed by law, the Covered Bondholders, the 
Couponholders and the Receiptholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) 
proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number 
of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints LOGOS Legal Services Ltd. at Paternoster House, 65 St Paul’s Churchyard, 
London EC4M 8AB, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and undertakes that, in the event of LOGOS

--- Page 137 ---
126 
 
Legal Services Ltd. ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint 
another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The 
Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
19.4 
Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Covered Bonds 
and the Coupons any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction or execution 
and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief 
or the issue of any process, including without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution 
against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or 
judgment made or given in connection with any Dispute. 
19.5 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above.

--- Page 138 ---
127 
 
7. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an amount equal to the net proceeds (in respect of 
(b) below) from each issue of Covered Bonds will, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be: 
(a) 
used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Sustainability Instruments, used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, the 
Issuer’s investments in Eligible Assets, as further described in the applicable Final Terms and 
the Sustainable Financing Framework dated 28 October 2020 (as amended or supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time) 
(https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB_Sustainable_Financing_Framew
ork.pdf); or 
(c) 
used to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Sustainability Instruments 
In respect of (b) above, the Sustainable Financing Framework describes the Eligible Assets to which an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of an issuance of Sustainability Instruments may be allocated. The 
Sustainable Financing Framework has been prepared by the Issuer in accordance with, inter alia, the 
International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles from 2018, Social Bond 
Principles from 2020 and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines from 2018.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Sustainable Financing Framework 
provides that the Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Sustainability 
Instruments to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, sustainability loans, equity, and/or projects, 
investments and expenditures located predominantly in Iceland, as determined by the Issuer in 
accordance with the project categories identified in the Sustainable Financing Framework, all referred 
to as Eligible Assets. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Sustainability Instruments 
are intended to be used for Green Projects, Blue Projects and/or Social Projects. 
As set out in the Sustainable Financing Framework, the following project categories fall within Green 
Project: (i) clean transportation; (ii) eco-efficient and circular economy adapted products, production 
technologies and processes; (iii) energy efficiency; (iv) pollution prevention and control; (v) renewable 
energy; (vi) green buildings; (vii) environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources 
and land use, and terrestrial biodiversity conservation; (viii) sustainable waste management; and (ix) 
information & communications technology. 
As set out in the Sustainable Financing Framework, the following project categories fall within Blue 
Project: (i) eco-efficient and circular economy adapted products, production technologies and 
processes; (ii) pollution prevention and control; and (iii) clean transportation. 
As set out in the Sustainable Financing Framework, the following project categories fall within Social 
Project: (i) government defined company support; (ii) affordable housing; (iii) education and vocational 
training; (iv) financial support for micro, small and medium enterprises; (v) equality and empowerment; 
and (vi) affordable basic infrastructure. 
Governance: project evaluation and selection 
As with all lending activities, all potential sustainability loans will undergo the Issuer’s robust standard 
credit process which is designed to ensure compliance with applicable domestic and international rules 
and regulations, know-your-customer processes and the Issuer’s internal policies and guidelines, such

--- Page 139 ---
128 
 
as related to credit, anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing and sanctions policies. Moreover, 
potential environmental, social, and governance risks are assessed. When assessing prospective eligible 
projects and their non-financial impacts, the Issuer may rely on analysis provided by external parties, 
in addition to its own assessment. 
The Issuer’s CEO is responsible for all its Sustainability activities. The Issuer’s CFO is responsible for 
the management and funding activities of the Sustainable Financing Framework. The Managing 
Directors of Corporate and Investment, Business, and Personal Banking divisions are responsible for 
lending activities under the Sustainability Financing Framework. The Issuer has in place a Sustainability 
Steering Committee in which senior representatives from all business departments, Finance, Risk 
Management, and the Sustainability Manager participate. 
Management of proceeds and reporting 
The Issuer uses its sustainability registry, on a portfolio basis, to keep track of Eligible Assets as well 
as a separate registry for its Sustainability Instruments. The Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a 
level of allocation for Eligible Assets which matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its 
outstanding Sustainability Instruments. The sustainability registries ensure that the net proceeds from 
Sustainability Instruments only support the financing of sustainability loans or to repay Sustainability 
Instruments. While any proceeds or Sustainability Instruments remain unallocated to Eligible Assets, 
the Issuer will temporarily hold or invest any unallocated net proceeds at its own discretion in its 
liquidity portfolios. 
The Issuer will annually provide the Allocation and Impact Report published on its website at a 
concurrent time as its Annual and Sustainability Report.  
None of the Dealers, the Arranger, any of its affiliates or any other person mentioned in this Base 
Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability of such Sustainability Instruments to fulfil 
environmental and sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. None of the Dealers, 
the Arranger or any of its affiliates shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Assets, 
(ii) any verification of whether the Eligible Assets falls within an investor's requirements or expectations 
of a “green” or “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use 
of proceeds in respect of any Sustainability Instruments. 
External Reviews 
The Issuer also applies the recommendation to use the services of an independent external second 
opinion provider (the Second Party Opinion). A Second Party Opinion has been obtained on the 
Sustainable Financing Framework from the Second Party Opinion provider Sustainalytics, assessing 
the sustainability of the Sustainable Financing Framework and its alignment with the ICMA Green 
Bond Principles from 2018, Social Bond Principles from 2020 and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines 
from 
2018. 
It 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB_Sustainable_Financing_Framework_Sec
ond-Party_Opinion_by_Sustainalytics.pdf). Any amendment to such Second Party Opinion, or any new 
Second Party Opinion, to be provided following an amendment to the Sustainable Financing 
Framework, the publication of a new Sustainable Financing Framework or in application of any new 
legislation or regulation, will be made available on the Issuer’s website.  
An independent assurance provider will provide on an annual basis limited assurance that an amount 
equal to the net proceeds has been allocated to sustainable loans which will be published on the Issuer’s 
website.  
Any 
information 
contained 
in 
or 
accessible 
through 
any 
website, 
including 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/article/sustainable-financing-framework 
and

--- Page 140 ---
129 
 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB_Sustainable_Financing_Framework_Seco
nd-Party_Opinion_by_Sustainalytics.pdf, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless 
specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated 
or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such 
information is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 141 ---
130 
 
8. 
SUMMARY OF ICELANDIC LEGISLATION RELATING TO COVERED BONDS 
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds was adopted by the Icelandic Parliament on 4 March 2008. This 
legislation enables Icelandic commercial banks, savings banks and credit undertakings, which have 
been duly licensed to issue covered bonds as defined therein. 
The Issuer is licensed under the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds to issue covered bonds. The following 
is a brief summary of certain features of Icelandic law governing the issuance of covered bonds in 
Iceland, at the date of this Base Prospectus, which law may be supplemented, amended, modified or 
varied whether by legislative enactment or by way of judicial decisions and administrative 
pronouncements, including possibly, with retroactive effect. The summary does not purport to be, and 
is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Icelandic legislative and regulatory framework 
pertaining to covered bonds. The original language of the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds is Icelandic. 
The following summary is provided in English only for the sake of convenience. In the event of any 
doubt, the original Icelandic version of the relevant legislation, executive orders and or regulations 
should be consulted.  
The Legislation  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main legislation which governs the issuance of covered bonds 
is the Act on Covered Bonds, the Act on Financial Undertakings and the Rules issued by the FSA under 
the authority conferred on it by Article 25 of the Act on Covered Bonds.  
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds defines "covered bonds" (Ice: sértryggð skuldabréf) as bonds and 
other unilateral, unconditional, written debt obligations which enjoy a right of priority over the cover 
pool (as defined below) of an issuer and which are issued in compliance with the Icelandic Act on 
Covered Bonds. 
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds has been amended (by way of Act no. 7/2023) and the Rules have 
been amended and restated (as Rules No. 190/2023) to comply with and transpose the EU Covered 
Bond Rules. Whilst certain non-mandatory provisions of the Covered Bond Directive have not been 
implemented into Icelandic legislation, covered bonds that fulfil the requirements set forth in the 
Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, which inter alia requires that the assets included in the cover pool 
must meet the criteria set out in Article 129 of the CRR and appurtenant regulations may be marketed 
under the label 'European Covered Bond' (Ice: evrópsk sértryggð skuldabréf) or 'European Covered 
Bond (Premium)' (Ice: evrópsk sértryggð skuldabréf (úrvals)), or under the official translation of the 
same terms of another member state of the EEA. 
The Register 
The issuer of covered bonds must maintain the Register of the issued covered bonds, the related 
derivatives agreements, and the Cover Pool pertaining to such covered bonds and the relevant 
derivatives agreements concluded in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. The assets included 
in the Register are included on, and are a part of, the issuer’s balance sheet. Each item in the Register 
must be clearly identified and the Register must be updated on a regular basis to include any changes 
in the relevant information. The Act on Covered Bonds also stipulates the type of information that must 
be recorded in the Register with respect to each item. The Register must at all times contain detailed 
information on the nominal value of the covered bonds, the assets which constitute the Cover Pool and 
their valuation, substitute collateral (if any), cash inflow from the Cover Pool and the derivative 
agreements. Bonds in a cover pool must be endorsed showing they are part of a cover pool and have 
been entered in a register as provided for in Chapter VI of the Act on Covered Bonds. The endorsement 
shall also indicate that such bonds are to secure priority rights of a specific covered bond programme.  
Benefit of a prioritised claim

--- Page 142 ---
131 
 
Pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds, if an issuer is declared bankrupt, enters into debt negotiations 
pursuant to the Icelandic Act on Bankruptcy etc., No. 21/1991, as amended (the Bankruptcy Act), is 
liquidated, or is placed under public administration, the holders of covered bonds issued by the relevant 
issuer shall have exclusive, equal and pro rata rights of priority to bonds and other assets in the cover 
pool and payments received on the above mentioned assets, provided they have been entered into the 
Register. The nature of claims and rights of priority of covered bonds to the assets shall be as provided 
for in Art. 111 of the Bankruptcy Act which characterises secured claims. The prioritised claims will 
rank ahead of all other claims, save for claims relating to the fees and expenses of a bankruptcy estate 
and derivative agreements concluded in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. Derivative 
contracts shall enjoy priority as provided for in Point 3 of Article 110 of the Bankruptcy Act, cf. Article 
111 of the Bankruptcy Act. 
By virtue of the priority established by the Act on Covered Bonds, claims of the holders of covered 
bonds against an issuer which has issued covered bonds will rank ahead of claims of all other creditors 
of the credit institution with respect to the cover pool (save for the priority described above granted to 
a bankruptcy estate in respect of fees and expenses and claims of the counterparties to the relevant 
derivative contracts). 
Cost of bankruptcy administration, to such extent as this is incurred due to efforts of the bankruptcy 
administrator concerning covered bonds, bonds and other assets in the cover pool, payments with 
respect to these assets or derivative contracts connected with the cover pool, shall be paid from the 
assets of the cover pool or funds which are substituted for them. Other cost of bankruptcy administration 
shall not be paid from the assets of the cover pool and fulfilment of derivative contracts connected with 
the pool if such exist. 
Pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds, loans and other assets included in the cover pool may not be 
pledged.  
Cover Pool – composition of assets 
The Act on Covered Bonds provides that holders of covered bonds (and also, if applicable, 
counterparties under derivatives contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to the covered 
bonds) have an exclusive and prioritised right of claim, on a pari passu basis between themselves over 
a pool of certain security assets (the Cover Pool). Under Icelandic law, an issuer of bonds, such as an 
issuer of covered bonds, is authorised to register the bonds in dematerialised book entry form by 
electronic registration in the CSD in accordance with Act No. 7/2020 on Central Securities Depoitories, 
Settlement and Electronic Registration of Financial Instruments. 
Pursuant to Article 129 of the CRR, in order to qualify for the preferential treatment set out in paragraph 
4 and 5 of that Article, covered bonds need to be collateralised by the following eligible assets:  
(a) 
exposures to or guaranteed by central governments, the ESCB central banks, public sector 
entities, regional governments or local authorities in the European Union; 
(b) 
exposures to or guaranteed by third country central governments, third-country central banks, 
multilateral development banks, international organisations that qualify for the credit quality 
step 1, and exposures to or guaranteed by third-country public sector entities, third-country 
regional governments or third- country local authorities that are risk weighted as exposures to 
institutions or central governments and central banks in accordance with Article 115(1) or (2), 
or Article 116(1), (2) or (4) respectively and that qualify for the credit quality step 1, and 
exposures within the meaning of this point that qualify as a minimum for the credit quality step 
2, provided that they do not exceed 20 per cent. of the nominal amount of outstanding covered 
bonds of the issuing institutions;

--- Page 143 ---
132 
 
(c) 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2, or 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 where those exposures are 
in the form of (i) short-term deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where 
used to meet the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of the Covered Bond 
Directive; or (ii) derivative contracts that meet the requirements of Article 11(1) of that 
Directive, where permitted by the competent authorities, and meet the exposure requirements 
set out in paragraph 1a of Article 129 of the CRR; 
(d) 
loans secured by residential property up to the lesser of the principal amount of the liens that 
are combined with any prior liens and 80 per cent. of the value of the pledged properties. The 
limit of 80 per cent. shall apply on a loan-by-loan basis, shall determine the portion of the loan 
contributing to the coverage of liabilities attached to the covered bond, and shall apply 
throughout the entire maturity of the loan; 
(e) 
residential loans fully guaranteed by an eligible protection provider referred to in Article 201 
of the CRR qualifying for the credit quality step 2 or above, where the portion of each of the 
loans that is used to meet the requirement set out in this paragraph for collateralisation of the 
covered bond does not represent more than 80 per cent. of the value of the corresponding 
residential property located in France, and where a loan-to-income ratio respects at most 33 per 
cent. when the loan has been granted. There shall be no mortgage liens on the residential 
property when the loan is granted, and for the loans granted from 1 January 2014 the borrower 
shall be contractually committed not to grant such liens without the consent of the credit 
institution that granted the loan. The loan-to-income ratio represents the share of the gross 
income of the borrower that covers the reimbursement of the loan, including the interests. The 
protection provider shall be either a financial institution authorised and supervised by the 
competent authorities and subject to prudential requirements comparable to those applied to 
institutions in terms of robustness or an institution or an insurance undertaking. It shall establish 
a mutual guarantee fund or equivalent protection for insurance undertakings to absorb credit 
risk losses, whose calibration shall be periodically reviewed by the competent authorities. Both 
the credit institution and the protection provider shall carry out a creditworthiness assessment 
of the borrower; 
(f) 
loans secured by commercial immovable property up to the lesser of the principal amount of 
the liens that are combined with any prior liens and 60 per cent. of the value of the pledged 
properties. Loans secured by commercial immovable property are eligible where the loan- to-
value ratio of 60 per cent. is exceeded up to a maximum level of 70 per cent. if the value of the 
total assets pledged as collateral for the covered bonds exceed the nominal amount outstanding 
on the covered bond by at least 10 per cent., and the bondholders’ claim meets the legal certainty 
requirements set out in Chapter 4 of the CRR. The bondholders’ claim shall take priority over 
all other claims on the collateral; 
(g) 
loans secured by maritime liens on ships up to the difference between 60 per cent. of the value 
of the pledged ship and the value of any prior maritime liens; 
Article 129 of the CRR further provides that the following criteria must be met: 
(a) 
immovable property and ships collateralising covered bonds that comply with the CRR, the 
requirements set out in Article 208 of the CRR shall be met. The monitoring of property values 
in accordance with point (a) of Article 208(3) of the CRR shall be carried out frequently and at 
least annually for all immovable property and ships; 
(b) 
covered bonds shall be subject to a minimum level of 5 per cent. of overcollateralisation as 
defined in point (14) of Article 3 of the Covered Bond Directive. For these purposes, the total 
nominal amount of all cover assets as defined in point (4) of Article 3 of that Directive shall be

--- Page 144 ---
133 
 
at least of the same value as the total nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds (‘nominal 
principle’), and shall consist of eligible assets as set out above, subject to the authorisation of 
member states to set a lower minimum level of overcollateralisation for covered bonds or 
authorise their competent authorities to set such a level; and 
(c) 
eligible assets listed above may be included in the cover pool as substitution assets as defined 
in point (13) of Article 3 of the Covered Bond Directive, subject to the limits on credit quality 
and exposure size set out in paragraphs 1 and 1a of Article 129 of the CRR. 
The real property and the registered assets which serve as security for the bonds included in the cover 
pool must be located in a member state of the EEA, EFTA or the Faroe Islands (each a Cover Pool 
Member State and collectively the Cover Pool Member States). A cover pool will consist primarily 
of mortgage bonds secured against residential property; industrial, office or commercial property; 
agricultural property; debt instruments including those issued by the Icelandic state or another member 
state, municipality in Iceland or in another member state, or guaranteed by such member state within 
the EEA, and certain collateral up to a specific limit of the value of the relevant cover pool. 
Substitute collateral are assets that may be included in the cover pool and are intended to ensure that 
the interests of covered bondholders are not prejudiced despite changes which may occur to the assets 
of the cover pool. The cover pool may include the following substitute collateral; (1) Demand deposits 
with a financial undertaking; (2) Deposits with or claims against a Cover Pool Member State or central 
bank in a Cover Pool Member State; (3) Claims against other legal entities which in the FSA’s 
evaluation, do not involve greater risk than those in points (1) and (2) above. Substitute collateral may 
not comprise more than 20 per cent. of the value of the cover pool. The FSA may however authorise an 
increase in the proportion of substitute collateral in the cover pool to as much as 30 per cent. of its value. 
Assets in the cover pool are to be kept separate from other business operations of the issuer, as further 
defined below in the section The Register. 
Loan-to-value (LTV) ratio and Cover Pool composition 
Mortgages listed in the Register, must on the date of registration fulfil the following conditions: 
 
The LTV ratio of Residential Mortgages must not exceed 80%. 
 
The LTV ratio of Commercial Mortgages must not exceed 60%. 
 
The LTV ratio of Agricultural Mortgages must not exceed 70%. Production quotas, allocated 
to registered farms, may not be included in the calculations of market value.  
Residential Mortgages and Commercial Mortgages may not be listed in a cover pool if payment is in 
arrears of 90 days or more. Should an issuer intend to include more than one class of bonds in its cover 
pool, mention must be made thereof in the license application to the FSA. 
Regular assessment of the market value for Cover Pool assets 
The aggregate present value of mortgages, including accrued interest and indexation, and other assets 
in the cover pool which is to serve as collateral for a specific class of covered bonds, must always 
exceed the aggregate current value of this same covered bond class.  
An issuer must regularly monitor and have appraised the market value of the mortgages of the cover 
pool. If the market value of collateral of the cover pool decreases substantially, the amount of the 
mortgages included in the cover pool shall be increased to ensure that the LTV lies within the above 
limits specified by the Act on Covered Bonds.

--- Page 145 ---
134 
 
Valuation of Cover Pool, administration etc. 
Market value of the mortgages shall be based on the selling price in recent transactions with comparable 
properties. If the market value of real estate based on the foregoing considerations is not available, it 
shall be determined by a specific valuation. The valuation shall be based on generally accepted 
principles for market valuation of real estate. Data on real estate price developments from the Icelandic 
Property Register (Icelandic: Fasteignaskrá Íslands), a data and information system run by the Icelandic 
Housing and Construction Authority, for instance, may be used as a basis, together with other systematic 
collection of real estate price data.  
If an issuer assesses the market value of real estate in accordance with the foregoing, the Independent 
Inspector provided for in Chapter VIII of the Act on Covered Bonds (see Independent Inspector below) 
must verify that the appraisal is based on accepted methodology. The Independent Inspector may re-
assess the market price of one or more properties if it is believed to be valued incorrectly. An appraisal 
of the market value of real estate must be in writing and specify what methodology is used, who has 
carried out the appraisal and when it was made.  
Additional provisions regarding quantitative and qualitative requirements placed on the assets forming 
part of the Cover Pool are set out in the Act on Covered Bonds and the Rules. In order to qualify for 
inclusion in the Cover Pool all legislative requirements must be met. However, if the Cover Pool assets 
at a later stage cease to meet the requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds and/or the Rules in relation 
to ratios, or proportion limits etc., such assets may nevertheless form part of the Cover Pool, but will be 
excluded from the calculation of the value of the Cover Pool. 
According to the Act on Covered Bonds, bonds, substitute collateral and other assets placed by an issuer 
in a cover pool shall be valued having regard to exchange rates, interest rates, maturities and other 
factors of significance, in order to maintain a suitable balance between the relevant cover pool and the 
corresponding covered bond programme. An issuer may conclude derivative agreements for the purpose 
of achieving this balance.  
Moreover, the Act on Covered Bonds states an issuer must ensure that instalments and other payment 
flows accruing on assets in the cover pool, and from derivative agreements, match payments on the 
covered bonds so that all commitments towards the Covered Bondholders and counterparties to 
derivative agreements can be met. To this end the issuer shall keep instalments and other payments 
accruing on assets in the cover pool segregated from the issuer’s other assets, including other cover 
pools, as well as their accrued instalments and other payments. An issuer must preserve assets such as 
instalments and other payments accruing on assets in the cover pool in a separate account and keep 
them segregated from its other assets.  
Bonds and other cover pool assets shall not be subject to claims by the issuer’s creditors. 
Supervision by an Independent Inspector  
Issuers are required to appoint an independent inspector (the Independent Inspector) to supervise the 
issuance of covered bonds licensed by the FSA and the FSA must approve their appointment in 
accordance with the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds. In seeking the FSA’s approval for the 
Independent Inspector’s appointment, an issuer must disclose possible interrelation between the 
Independent Inspector and the issuer. The Independent Inspector must fulfil the eligibility criteria 
prescribed in the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds and is assigned the task of monitoring that the register 
is maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds and to verify 
that the valuation of collateral for bonds in the cover pool is based on proper methodology. Furthermore, 
the Independent Inspector is tasked with the ongoing monitoring of a cover pool liquidity buffer and 
the dissemination of information to investors. The Independent Inspector shall on a regular basis deliver 
a report to the FSA on his observations and immediately inform the FSA of any circumstances he

--- Page 146 ---
135 
 
becomes aware of, that could affect the FSA’s assessment of the issuer, as frequently and in such format 
as the FSA decides, or above and beyond this if exceptional circumstances so warrant, among other 
things. Investor Information 
Pursuant to the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, issuers of covered bonds are required to provide 
information on their covered bond programmes. The information must be sufficiently detailed to allow 
investors to assess the profile and risks of that programme and to carry out their due diligence. At least 
on a quarterly basis the following minimum information shall be published: 
(a) 
the value of the cover pool and outstanding covered bonds; 
(b) 
the International Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs) for all covered bond issues under 
that programme, to which an ISIN has been attributed; 
(c) 
the geographical distribution and type of assets in the cover pool, the size of  loans in the cover 
pool and valuation method of the cover pool assets; 
(d) 
the market risk, including interest rate risk and currency risk, and credit and liquidity risks; 
(e) 
the maturity structure of cover pool assets and covered bonds, including an overview of 
maturity extension triggers; 
(f) 
the levels of required and available coverage, and the levels of statutory, contractual and 
voluntary overcollateralisation above what is required by the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds; 
and  
(g) 
the percentage of loans that are more than 90 days past due or are otherwise considered to be in 
default pursuant to Article 178 of CRR. 
Cover Pool administration in the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer 
The Act on Covered Bonds prescribes that if an issuer’s estate is subject to resolution, financial 
restructuring, bankruptcy or winding-up proceedings, covered bonds it has issued shall not be 
accelerated. The estate shall maintain rights and obligations subject to derivative agreements concluded 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds.  
If an issuer’s estate is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, covered bonds it has issued shall have rights 
of priority to bonds and other assets in the Cover Pool and payments received on the abovementioned 
assets, provided they have been entered into a Register. 
The administrator, who is appointed by the relevant district court, will manage the Cover Pool and the 
rights of the Covered Bondholders and counterparties to derivative contracts. The administrator of the 
bankrupt estate must keep bonds and other assets in a cover pool, as provided for in the Act on Covered 
Bonds, segregated from other assets in the issuer’s estate as further specified in the Register at any given 
time. The same shall apply to funds and other assets substituted for the bonds and other assets in the 
Register or paid towards such assets. Such separation shall be maintained until claims arising from 
covered bonds have been paid in full. The bankruptcy administrator shall also keep derivative 
agreements, and funds returned by such assets or which must be paid from the relevant cover pool to 
counterparties in derivative agreements, separate from other assets of the estate. An administrator’s fees 
and any other expenses in connection with the administration are to be paid by the administration estate. 
If an issuer is granted a debt moratorium, the assisting administrator for the debt moratorium shall 
ensure that obligations arising from covered bonds and derivative agreements are fulfilled using the 
assets of the cover pool, substitute collateral and payments made on these assets.

--- Page 147 ---
136 
 
An administration estate cannot be closed until (a) the obligations of the estate and the assets of the 
Register have been transferred to a third party credit institution holding a license to issue covered bonds, 
(b) all the covered bonds for which the assets in the Register serve as collateral have been repaid and 
the derivative contracts have matured or (c) the estate has filed for bankruptcy and the bankruptcy estate 
has been closed.  
If an issuer’s estate is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, covered bonds it has issued shall not be 
foreclosed unless a specific agreement to this effect has been concluded. The estate shall maintain rights 
and obligations subject to derivative agreements concluded in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
on Covered Bonds.  
Coverage Requirements  
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds requires the value of the assets in the cover pool at all times to 
exceed the value of the claims against the cover pool. The percentage level by which the value of the 
cover pool exceeds the nominal value of the liabilities, relating to the issued and outstanding covered 
bonds, along with all accrued interests, from time to time is known as "overcollateralisation". The 
Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds requires a minimum overcollateralisation of 5 per cent. and the Issuer 
covenants under Condition 5.2 to overcollateralise the Cover Pool at all times by at least the higher of 
(i) 5 per cent.; (ii) such percentage as required under the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds and/or the 
Rules on Covered Bonds from time to time; and (iii) such percentage as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and any rating agency from time to time.   
The Issuer will also maintain the overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
overcollateralisation committed to under the terms and conditions of its existing Covered Bonds, this 
being at least 25 per cent. until March 2024 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a 
committed overcollateralisation of 25 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 20 per cent. from March 
2024 until May 2026 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed 
overcollateralisation of 20 per cent. are redeemed in full), at least 10 per cent. from May 2026 until May 
2030 (or, if earlier, the date which any Covered Bonds with a committed overcollateralisation of 10 per 
cent. are redeemed in full) and thereafter the level of overcollateralisation required to be maintained 
will be as required under Condition 5.2. 
Moreover, instalments and other cash flows accruing on the assets in the cover pool and from derivative 
agreements shall be in such a manner that at any given time the issuer can meet all its financial 
obligations to covered bondholders and counterparties to derivative agreements. 
In order to maintain a suitable balance between the cover pool and the corresponding covered bond 
programme, the issuer (a) must ensure that the assets in the cover pool (including substitute collateral) 
are valued having proper regard to currency exchange rates, interest rates, maturity dates, and other 
relevant factors; and (b) may enter into derivative agreements for the purpose of achieving this balance. 
Liquidity Buffer 
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds requires that an issuer must maintain a cover pool liquidity buffer 
to cover the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow on the covered bonds and related derivative 
contracts over the next 180 days. Where the maturity of covered bonds can be extended, for the 
calculation of the net liquidity outflow it may be assumed that the principal amount of the covered 
bonds is to be repaid on the extended maturity date as determined in the contractual terms and conditions 
of the covered bond. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds further define the assets that the liquidity buffer may consist of. Pursuant 
to the Rules on Covered Bonds, the liquidity buffer can only consist of (i) assets that qualify as level 1, 
level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the LCR Regulation and not issued by the credit institution

--- Page 148 ---
137 
 
issuing the covered bonds itself, its parent undertaking, other than a public sector entity that is not a 
credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or by a securitisation 
special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links, or (ii) short-term exposures to 
credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or credit step 3, subject to the conditions in 
point (c) of Article 129(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (as amended). It should also be noted that 
the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds specifically states that the uncollateralised claims from exposures 
considered in default pursuant to Article 178 of CRR cannot contribute to the cover pool liquidity buffer. 
Extendable Maturity Structures 
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds allows for the exercise of extendable maturity (aka 'soft bullet') 
pursuant to the transposing of the EU Covered Bond Rules. Any such extension of maturity shall be 
subject to the approval of the FSA.  Under the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, such approval is subject 
to the following conditions: 
(a) 
that the deferral is necessary for the purposes of: 
(i) 
preventing default on a covered bond or a derivative contract without the sale of assets 
at a substantial discount; 
(ii) 
early intervention by the FSA or the resolution of the issuer in accordance with Act No. 
70/2020 on Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms and Act No. 
161/2002 on Financial Undertakings; or 
(iii) 
optimising the claims of Covered Bondholders and counterparties of derivative 
contracts upon the winding-up or liquidation of the issuer; 
(b) 
that the deferral is explicitly authorised pursuant to the terms and conditions of the covered 
bond, which set out the final maturity date, maturity extension triggers, the consequences that 
insolvency or resolution of the issuer may have on the extension and the role of the FSA with 
regard to such deferral; and 
(c) 
that the deferral does not affect the maturity schedule of other covered bonds collateralised by 
the same cover pool. 
Furthermore, an issuer, or, upon winding-up of the issuer, its winding-up committee, is required to 
promptly inform the covered bondholders of the deferral of the maturity of the covered bonds and the 
duration of such deferral.  The terms and conditions of the relevant covered bond shall otherwise 
determine what is required to be communicated by the relevant issuer to covered bondholders with 
respect to the maturity of their covered bonds. 
Rescission of actions 
Actions taken by an issuer, whether they involve delivery of funds to a cover pool, delivery of substitute 
collateral to the cover pool, payments on assets in the cover pool or disposal of funds from the cover 
pool to fulfil obligations under a bond covered by it or a derivative agreement concluded in accordance 
with the Act on Covered Bonds and in connection with the cover pool, shall not be subject to rescission, 
cf. Chapter XX of the Act on Bankruptcy etc. The same shall apply to payments to an issuer under a 
derivative agreement concluded in accordance with the provisions of this Act.  
No Rights in certain circumstances 
No covered bondholders, counterparties to derivative contracts can claim early repayment of payment 
obligations on the basis of a bankruptcy order against an issuing bank or an issuing bank’s failure to

--- Page 149 ---
138 
 
satisfy the requirement for additional collateral. Moreover, the relevant borrower(s) of the underlying 
loan(s) will retain the right to repay their loans in full or in part without variation. Furthermore, it is not 
possible for individual covered bondholders, counterparties to the derivative contracts to initiate claims 
against the issuing bank during the issuing bank’s bankruptcy. The Act on Covered Bonds makes it 
clear that the administrator is acting on behalf of all covered bondholders, counterparties to the 
derivative contracts and lenders of loans that may be taken out to purchase assets which are in turn 
added to the cover pool in the event of a requirement to post additional collateral, if any, and that only 
the administrator may prove claims against the bankruptcy estate for any assets required to cover the 
claims of the covered bondholders and counterparties to derivative contracts. 
Supervision of the FSA 
The issue of covered bonds requires a licence from the FSA, which monitors compliance with the 
Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds as well as being the supervisory authority for the business operations 
of an issuer conducted in connection with the issue of covered bonds. Effective 1 January 2020 the FSA 
merged with the Icelandic Central Bank into one institution, which in turn is subject to a new Act on 
the Central Bank of Iceland No. 92/2019 (CBA). There is no change to tasks entrusted to these two 
institutions. There is however integration of tasks within one institution of governance and decision-
making arrangement, as further set out in the CBA, as well as Act No. 91/2019 on amendment to various 
Acts, as a consequence of the merger between the Central Bank and the Financial Supervisory 
Authority. A license from the FSA requires, inter alia, that the issuance comply with the Icelandic Act 
on Covered Bonds and that a certified public accountant certifies that the issuer’s budget and accounts 
demonstrate that its financial situation is stable enough not to jeopardise the interests of other creditors. 
Furthermore, the FSA may grant the licence subject to specified conditions. 
The FSA may revoke an issuer’s license to issue covered bonds if (a) the issuer no longer fulfils the 
requirements to issue covered bonds; (b) the issuer’s budget, as attested to by a certified public 
accountant, demonstrates that its financial situation is no longer sufficiently sound so that the issuance 
of covered bonds will jeopardise the interests of other creditors; or (c) the issuer violates provisions of 
the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds or rules adopted by virtue of it. If the FSA revokes the issuer’s 
license to issue covered bonds it shall decide how to terminate the activities of the issuer. 
An issuer of covered bonds must annually deliver to the FSA a report, in such format as the FSA decides, 
containing information on (a) cover pool assets, including liquid assets, and how they are segregated 
from the issuer's other assets; (b) compliance with coverage requirements; (c) conditions for covered 
bonds' maturity extensions, as applicable; and (d) the monitoring activities of the Independent Inspector. 
The FSA may authorise that previously issued bonds and other comparable debt instruments which 
were issued for the purposes of financing the assets in a cover pool may be converted to covered bonds 
under the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds. The term 'covered bond' may be used for covered bonds 
issued prior to 1 March 2023 that complied with the requirements laid down prior to the implementation 
of the EU Covered Bond Rules, as applicable on the date of their issue. The same applies to tap issues 
of covered bonds issued between 1 March 2023 and 31 December 2024, provided that those issues 
comply with certain requirements. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds 
The FSA has issued Rules No. 190/2023 on Covered Bonds (the Rules on Covered Bonds), replacing 
Rules No. 528/2008, that concern among other things, the conditions for being granted licence to issue 
covered bonds, appraisal and revaluation of the assets in the cover pool, coverage requirements, assets 
that may be considered for the liquidity buffer, derivative agreements, the register, the eligibility and 
reporting of the Independent Inspector and reporting of the Issuer to the FSA. The Rules on Covered 
Bonds are issued with reference to the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds and elaborate on the provisions 
of said Act.

--- Page 150 ---
139 
 
The Rules on Covered Bonds list the documents to be provided to the FSA by an issuer who applies for 
the FSA’s licence to issue covered bonds. Such documents include, among other things, approvals, 
descriptions of the proposed programme, the issuer’s budget, information and requirements concerning 
IT-systems, etc. The Rules on Covered Bonds describe the assets which are eligible to be registered to 
the cover pool and how the eligibility of such assets shall be evaluated. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds provide further clarification with respect to coverage requirements and 
provide a method of calculating the present value of assets/liabilities in relation thereto. The Rules on 
Covered Bonds prescribe that an issuer shall complete such calculations as often as deemed necessary 
and at least on a weekly basis. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds provide for certain restrictions to the provisions and counterparties of 
derivative agreements. Such agreements may not include provisions on automatic termination of 
contracts upon the winding-up or resolution of the issuer, or similar insolvency events. Furthermore, 
counterparties to derivative agreements must be rated as qualifying for credit quality steps 1 or 2, as 
defined in Annex III of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1799 (as amended), by a registered or certified credit 
rating agency in accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). Such rating must be 
in place at the beginning of the contract making process for the relevant derivative agreement and cover 
both the institutions short- and long-term ratings. However, issuers may with the prior approval of the 
FSA enter into derivative agreements with counterparties that do not meet the above criteria, if the FSA 
considers the counterparty sufficiently reliable to fulfil its obligations pursuant to the relevant derivative 
agreement. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds provide further detail on the Register. The register shall be kept in a secure 
manner and updated on a daily basis. The FSA shall have access to the Register. 
The Rules on Covered Bonds provide further detail on the obligations of the Independent Inspector to 
be appointed by the issuer. The Independent Inspector shall ensure that the register is properly 
maintained and updated and shall therefore verify that bonds and derivative agreements are correctly 
registered; only eligible assets and substitute collateral are included in the cover pool; the value of the 
assets registered in the cover pool and the valuation thereof is in accordance with the Icelandic Act on 
Covered Bonds and the Rules on Covered Bonds; that LTV calculations are correctly updated upon 
significant decrease in the market value of mortgaged assets; and that the coverage requirements are 
complied with. 
The Independent Inspector shall semi-annually provide the FSA with a written report regarding his/her 
surveillance, as further described in the Rules on Covered Bonds. Furthermore, the Independent 
Inspector shall as soon as possible notify the FSA should he/she become aware of any matters which 
could affect the FSA’s assessment of the issuer’s position in general. The Issuer has appointed an 
Independent Inspector pursuant to an agreement with Helga Harðardóttir. 
The Issuer’s Licence to Issue Covered Bonds 
On 10 January 2011, the Issuer applied to the FSA for a licence to issue the Covered Bonds under the 
Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the terms of such a licence, the Issuer would be able, from 
time to time, to issue Covered Bonds that entitle the holder to the benefit of a statutory preferred creditor 
status in respect of the assets contained in the Cover Pool in the event of the insolvency of the Issuer.

--- Page 151 ---
140 
 
9. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Name, incorporation and registration 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Íslandsbanki hf. The Issuer is a public limited company 
incorporated in Iceland on 14 October 2008. It is registered with the Register of Enterprises 
(Fyrirtækjaskrá Skattsins) in Iceland and bears the registration number 491008-0160. The registered 
office of the Issuer is at Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland, and the telephone number is +354 440 
4000. The Issuer’s homepage is: www.islandsbanki.is. The information on the Issuer’s website does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.  
The Issuer’s operations are subject to the provisions of the Act on Public Limited Companies No. 2/1995 
and the Act on Financial Undertakings. The Issuer is authorised to provide all financial services 
stipulated in the latter Act. Its activities are under the supervision of the Financial Supervisory Authority 
of the Central Bank of Iceland (FSA). 
History & development of the Issuer 
The Issuer traces its roots back to 1904 when the original Íslandsbanki hf. was founded as the first 
privately-owned bank in Iceland. Útvegsbanki Íslands took over Íslandsbanki’s operations in 1930 and 
in 1990 Útvegsbanki Íslands, Alþýðubanki Íslands, Iðnaðarbanki Íslands and Verslunarbanki Íslands 
merged into Íslandsbanki hf. In 2000, Íslandsbanki hf. merged with The Icelandic Investment Bank 
(FBA), which itself was created through the merger of three state-owned credit funds, forming 
Íslandsbanki-FBA hf. As a result of the merger, the bank further solidified its connections with the 
corporate sector, particularly in the seafood industry. In the years 2000 to 2007, the bank expanded its 
business beyond Iceland by first lending to seafood enterprises in northern Europe and North America, 
and later through strategic acquisitions in the Nordic countries. In March 2006, the bank was rebranded 
as Glitnir banki hf. (All the aforementioned banks collectively referred to as Glitnir). 
Following a collapse of the Icelandic banking system in October 2008 by decree of the newly passed 
Act on the Authority for Treasury Disbursements due to Unusual Financial Market Circumstances etc. 
No. 125/2008, the Issuer assumed the domestic assets and liabilities of Glitnir while the remainder of 
Glitnir’s assets, which were mostly foreign assets, were left within Glitnir under the supervision of a 
Resolution Committee (Resolution Committee) which was appointed to maximise the recovery value 
of those assets for the benefit of its creditors. The Issuer, initially named New Glitnir Banki hf., reverted 
back to its previous brand name of Íslandsbanki hf., on 20 February 2009.  
On 13 September 2009, Glitnir, on behalf of its creditors, and the Icelandic Government reached an 
agreement on the settlement of assets and liabilities between the Issuer and Glitnir. Under the agreement 
the Resolution Committee acquired a 95 per cent. stake in the Issuer. Glitnir therefore assumed majority 
control of the Issuer and a new Board of Directors was appointed on 25 January 2010. The 95 per cent. 
stake was owned by ISB Holding ehf., a holding company wholly owned by GLB Holding ehf., a 
subsidiary of Glitnir. In January 2016, Glitnir signed an agreement to deliver the 95 per cent. stake to 
the Icelandic Government as a part of the estate’s stability contribution. The change was approved by 
the Competition Authority on 11 March 2016.  
In June 2011 the Issuer announced that it had successfully won a public bid for the entire share capital 
of Byr hf., a local bank in Iceland. Byr hf. focused mainly on retail banking and was built on the 
foundation of an older savings bank which became insolvent in April 2010. The shares were acquired 
from the Byr savings bank winding up committee and the Icelandic government. The acquisition price 
was ISK 6.6bn. The acquisition agreement was executed on 29 November 2011 and the acquisition was 
completed in the first quarter of 2012. In March 2011, the Issuer acquired all shares of the credit card 
company, Kreditkort hf. and on 27 March 2012 Kreditkort was merged into the Issuer.

--- Page 152 ---
141 
 
Between 2017 and 2019, the Issuer underwent a digital transformation. In 2018, the Board approved an 
open banking strategy and the Issuer successfully replaced its core banking system, including an 
effective migration of an old legacy system to a global standardised core banking system for payments 
and deposits. 
In 2021, the Bank's shares were admitted to trading on the Nasdaq Main Market in Iceland. 
Credit rating 
The Issuer has been assigned a credit rating by the rating agency S&P which is registered in the EU in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the Credit Rating Agency Regulation). S&P rate the Issuer 
as BBB (long term debt) and A-2 (short term debt) with stable outlook.  
Business Overview 
The Issuer is an Icelandic bank headquartered in Iceland. Its primary market is Iceland.  
The Issuer is licensed as a commercial bank in Iceland, in accordance with Point 1 of Art. 4(1) of the 
Act on Financial Undertakings and offers comprehensive services to the retail and corporate sectors. 
The Issuer is one of Iceland’s three main banks and maintains a strong market share across the spectrum 
of banking services in the country. According to Capacent Gallup market surveys in 2022, the Issuer 
had approximately 31.1 per cent. of the market share in consumer banking, 36.3 per cent. of the market 
share in small to medium-sized enterprise banking and 35.5 per cent. of the market share of corporate 
& investment banking. The Issuer seeks to move Iceland forward by empowering its customers to 
succeed and prioritise sustainability as an integral driver of strategy and value creation. 
The Issuer's core values are passion, professionalism and collaboration. 85 per cent. of employees of 
the Issuer believe that the Issuer is a force of positive change and believe in the strategy of the Issuer. 
Employee satisfaction has been consistently high. 
The Issuer operates 12 branches, half of which are based around the Reykjavík metropolitan area. It 
also maintains a presence in larger municipalities across Iceland.  
The Issuer’s business lines are as follows: 
Personal Banking: Provides customers with a comprehensive range of financial services, with strong 
emphasis on digital distribution channels. 
Business Banking: Provides small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with comprehensive financial 
services. Ergo, the Issuer’s asset financing service, is also part of Business Banking 
Corporate & Investment Banking: Offers a full range of financial and investment banking services to 
large companies, pension funds, municipalities, mutual funds, investors and affluent individuals. 
Personal Banking  
Personal Banking offers a full range of financial services for individuals and households, such as 
lending, savings and payments, with a particular focus on digital and self-service solutions. The Issuer’s 
customers are increasingly taking care of their day-to-day banking via digital solutions, such as mobile 
apps, online banking, and the secure web chat. Customers can also visit the Issuer’s efficient branch 
network for comprehensive consultancy services or contact the contact centre.   
Business Banking

--- Page 153 ---
142 
 
Business Banking provides comprehensive banking services and versatile banking products to SMEs, 
such as lending, savings products and payment solutions offered through business banking centres in 
Kópavogur and Akureyri, including 10 strategically located branches around Iceland and via online 
banking and mobile apps. Additionally, the Issuer provides asset-based financing services through its 
separate brand, Ergo. The Business Banking contact centre is operated from Norðurturn, the headquarter 
branch. The Issuer has been a market leader within the SME market, with 36 per cent. market share in 
2022 (source: Gallup) and has consistently scored highest in service amongst peers according to the 
same surveys. 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Corporate & Investment Banking provides services to large companies, municipalities, institutional 
investors, and high net worth individuals. The product and services offering is a comprehensive range 
of financial and investment banking services, including lending, securities and currency brokerage, 
corporate advisory services, private banking services and sales of hedging instruments. The division is 
focused on building and maintaining relationships across all industry divisions within Iceland. Outside 
of Iceland, the division has a special focus on the North Atlantic seafood industry, leveraging its 
expertise in the domestic market and global contacts. 
Support divisions 
Finance 
The Finance division includes finance and accounting operations as well as treasury and financial 
institutions, back-office functions and investor relations. This division also manages and oversees 
shareholding in the Issuer’s subsidiaries.  
Risk Management  
The Issuer has an independent risk management function, Risk Management, headed by the Chief Risk 
Officer. Risk Management is responsible for ensuring efficient implementation of the Issuer’s risk 
strategy and policies, for verifying that the Issuer has efficient risk management processes in place and 
that each key risk that the Issuer faces is identified and properly managed by the relevant function.  
IT 
The IT division is responsible for the Issuer’s IT platform and systems and software development, 
including internet banking, websites, and its hardware, such as data centres, telephone systems, ATMs 
and personal computers.  
Compliance 
The Compliance division has an independent position within the Issuer’s organisational structure. The 
Compliance division’s function is to assist in managing compliance risk on a consolidated basis. 
Compliance risk is defined as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to the 
Issuer’s reputation in the event of failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and codes of 
conduct and standards of good practice. The Compliance division, in cooperation with Group Internal 
Audit, performs a special fit and proper test by gathering information via questionnaires and 
examinations to management and key employees. 
Group Internal Audit 
Group Internal Audit is an independent function headed by the Chief Audit Executive and is responsible 
for assessing whether the Group’s risk management, internal control framework (including internal

--- Page 154 ---
143 
 
policies) and governance processes are effective and efficient and whether they comply with the 
relevant legal and regulatory requirements. Group Internal Audit is not responsible for internal control 
or its implementation but provides the Group with independent objective assurance and consulting 
services designed to add value and improve the Group’s operations.  
The work of Group Internal Audit is performed in accordance with a risk-based audit plan approved by 
the Board’s Audit Committee. Group Internal Audit is furthermore responsible for internal 
investigations on suspected fraudulent activities. Group Internal Audit reports directly to the Board on 
its findings and suggestions for material improvements to the risk management, controls and 
governance processes. All audit recommendations are subject to a formal follow-up procedure by the 
appropriate levels of management to ensure and report their resolution. 
The Chief Audit Executive is appointed by the Board and reports directly to the Board. Group Internal 
Audit operates independently from other departments in accordance with Article 16 of the Act on 
Financial Undertakings. The responsibilities and authorisations of the Chief Audit Executive and Group 
Internal Audit are further outlined in the Group Internal Audit Charter. 
Regulatory and Tax Environment 
Capital Requirements and European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer’s capital management framework is based on CRD IV, which is an EU legislative package 
consisting of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced 
from time to time and Regulation 575/2013/EU (CRR). The enactment of the CRD IV Directive has 
been implemented into Icelandic law and has involved numerous amendments of the Act of Financial 
Undertakings. 
The CRR was enacted into Icelandic law by the entry into force of Regulation No. 233/2017 on 6 March 
2017, although Articles 500 and 501 of CRR, the latter one stipulating capital requirements deduction 
for credit risk on exposures to SMEs, came into effect on 1 January 2020 following the incorporation 
of CRR into the EEA Agreement. 
Following the entry into force of amendment act no. 38/2022 to the Financial Undertaking Act, 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (CRR II) and EU Regulation 2019/630 amending CRR, has been 
implemented into Icelandic law. Moreover, the amendments enabled the Central Bank of Iceland to 
implement related secondary EU legislation based on technical standards, which have already been 
incorporated into the EEA Agreement. Those amendments entered into force on 28 June 2021. 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive or BRRD) entered into force. The purpose of the BRRD is to equip the relevant 
regulatory authorities with a range of powers so that they may intervene in an ailing or distressed entity 
so as to ensure its continuity and minimise any potential impact on the economy and financial system.  
BRRD has been implemented into Icelandic law by means of a combination of legislative acts. First, 
the passage of Act No. 54/2018, amending the Act on Financial Undertakings, and entry into force of 
Regulation No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms 
implemented the BRRD provisions focusing on recovery plans and timely intervention to prevent an 
economic shock to financial institutions operating in Iceland.  
Second, the enactment of the Recovery and Resolution Act further amended the Act on Financial 
Undertakings implemented the parts of the BRRD that provide for the resolution process, from

--- Page 155 ---
144 
 
preventive measures and preparation, to decision-making and the implementation of each resolution. 
Under the Recovery and Resolution Act, the Central Bank of Iceland possesses powers of resolution 
and can take action and prepare and execute resolution procedures on behalf of credit institutions and 
investment firms.  
On 4 May 2021, the Parliament passed a bill that implements Directive 2017/2399/EU with regard to 
the position of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy and amends the Recovery and 
Resolution Act accordingly. The Act further implemented conformation amendments to the Act on 
Financial Undertakings and the Deposit Guarantees Act. 
In addition, following the publication on 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU of (i) the Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD 
(the BRRD II) as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC and (ii) the Regulation (EU) 2019/877, of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019, amending the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation, as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms, a comprehensive legislative package has been produced which intends to reduce risks 
in the banking sector and the financial system, reinforce bank’s ability to withstand potential shocks 
and strengthen the banking union from 28 December 2020.  On 28 June 2022, the Parliament passed a 
bill, amending the Act on Financial Undertakings implementing of the remaining features of CRD IV, 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD V) and CRR II, into Icelandic legislation.  Moreover, the bill implemented 
some provisions of the BRRD II in order to enable full implementation of the CRR II.  BRRD II was 
incorporated into the EEA Agreement by EEA Joint Committee Decision No 145/2022, which entry 
into force is pending and due to be implemented into Icelandic law following entry into force of that 
decision. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should consult their own advisers as to the consequences 
of the implementation of BRRD and BRRD II, CRD IV and the CRR, as well as further changes to 
capital adequacy and liquidity requirements in Iceland. 
Tax Environment 
The Issuer’s results of operations depend, to a certain extent, on tax laws and tax treaties or the 
interpretation thereof. 
In December 2010, the Icelandic Parliament passed the Act on Special Tax on Financial Undertakings 
under which certain types of financial institutions, including the Issuer, are required to pay an annual 
levy (the Bank Levy) of the carrying amount of their liabilities as determined for tax purposes. This 
levy was originally 0.041 per cent. but, in December 2011, a transitional provision was introduced under 
which financial institutions had to pay an additional 0.0875 per cent. of their tax base as assessed for 
the years 2012 and 2013. In 2013, the levy was increased and set at 0.376 per cent. of the total debt of 
the Issuer excluding tax liabilities in excess of ISK 50 billion at the end of the year. This levy remained 
unchanged until 1 January 2020 when it was reduced to 0.145 per cent. Non-financial subsidiaries are 
exempt from this tax. There can be no assurance that the levy will not be further increased.  
In June 2009, the Icelandic Parliament adopted an amendment to the ITA as a result of which payments 
of Icelandic sourced interest by an Icelandic debtor, such as the Issuer, to a foreign creditor, including 
holders of Covered Bonds who are not Icelandic, are taxable in Iceland at current rate of 12 per cent. 
However, individuals are not subject to taxation on interest income up to ISK 300,000 or lower per 
year. This tax is applicable unless the foreign creditor can demonstrate and obtain approval from the 
Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland that an exemption applies, such as the existence of a relevant 
double taxation treaty, and in such case the provisions of the double tax treaty will apply. Bonds issued 
by energy companies and certain financial institutions, including bonds issued by the Issuer, are also

--- Page 156 ---
145 
 
subject to exemption. The exemption, subject to certain other requirements, applies to bonds that are 
held through a clearing system, such as Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, within a member state 
of the OECD, the EEA, a founding member state of EFTA or the Faroe Islands. 
In December 2011, the Icelandic Parliament passed the Act on Tax on Financial Activities, No. 
165/2011, under which certain types of financial institutions, including the Issuer, were required to pay 
a special additional tax levied on all remuneration paid to employees, with effect from 1 January 2012. 
The levy is currently set at 5.5 per cent. of such remuneration. Additionally, Act No. 165/2011 amended 
Article 71 of the ITA, regarding income tax of legal entities, and imposed a special additional income 
tax on legal entities liable for taxation according to Article 2 of Act No. 165/2011, which includes the 
Issuer. The levy is set at 6 per cent. on income over ISK 1 billion, disregarding joint taxation and 
transferable losses. The aforementioned taxes and levies placed on the Issuer increases the cost burden 
on the Issuer and subjects it to a competitive disadvantage relative to other competitors, which are not 
subject to such taxes or levies. 
Organisational Structure 
As of 31 December 2022, the Icelandic government, through ISFI held 42.50 per cent. of the Bank's 
share capital, see “Business Overview — Description of the Issuer — Major Shareholders”.  
The following chart illustrates the Issuer’s organisational structure.  
 
Figure 1: Organisational Structure 
The table below lists the Issuer’s significant subsidiaries and the nature of their business as of 31 
December 2022:  
 
Subsidiary  
Ownership  Company Description 
Íslandssjóðir hf.  
100% 
Investment fund management company 
Allianz Ísland hf.  
100% 
Insurance agent

--- Page 157 ---
146 
 
and other non-significant 
subsidiaries 
 
 
Trend Information 
No material adverse changes have occurred in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last 
published audited financial statements. 
Recent Developments 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group 
since 31 December 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2022. 
On 9 February 2023, the Issuer announced that it would commence preliminary discussions with 
Icelandic bank Kvika banki hf. regarding a potential combination between the Issuer and Kvika banki 
hf. Any combination of the two companies would be subject to the approval of the relevant supervisory 
authorities and shareholders of both companies. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of seven members. Two alternate members are also appointed. 
The Board of Directors appoints the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Audit Executive. The Chief 
Executive Officer appoints the Managing Directors of the Issuer. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and each member of the Executive 
Committee is Íslandsbanki hf., Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland. 
Set forth below are the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors:  
Name 
Title 
Mr. Finnur Árnason 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Agnar Tómas Möller 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Anna Þórðardóttir  
Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Ari Daníelsson 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Frosti Ólafsson 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Guðrún Þorgeirsdóttir  
Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Valgerður Skúladóttir 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Finnur Árnason (Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
Finnur is an independent consultant. He is the chairman of the new Landspítali University Hospital 
construction project, NLSH ohf., and the chairman of Ormsson ehf. Finnur has extensive management 
experience in Iceland, particularly in the retail industry. He served as CEO of Hagar hf. for 15 years 
and was previously CEO of Hagkaup. He has extensive experience as a board member in companies

--- Page 158 ---
147 
 
and organisations, including the board of Olíuverzlun Íslands ehf., Skeljungur hf., Húsasmiðjan ehf., 
and the Faeroese retailer SMS. Finnur has also served on the board and executive board of the 
Confederation of Icelandic Enterprise, as well as serving on the board of the Iceland Chamber of 
Commerce, the Federation of Trade and Services, and Bifröst University. 
Finnur holds a cand. oecon. degree from the University of Iceland and an MBA from the University of 
Hartford in the US.  
Mr. Agnar Tómas Möller (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Agnar Tómas has significant experience with financial markets, especially the bonds market. He works 
as an independent consultant, and previously worked for Kvika Asset Management, where he managed 
bond funds from 2018-2022. He worked at GAMMA Capital Management from 2009 to 2018, also 
managing bond funds. Before that he worked as a bonds broker for Kaupþing bank from 2006 to 2008. 
Agnar is a member of the board of Klettur byggingafélag ehf. and ATM ehf.  
Agnar holds a M.Sc. in industrial engineering from the University of Iceland.  
Ms. Anna Þórðardóttir (Member of the Board of Directors)  
Anna has served on the board of a number of companies and organisations, including KPMG. and the 
Institute of State Authorized Public Accountants. Currently she is a member of the board of the Icelandic 
Centre for Future Studies (Framtíðarsetur Íslands) and chairs the Board Audit Committee of Hagar hf. 
as well as the Board Audit Committee of Reginn hf. Anna was employed by KPMG from 1988 to 2015, 
where she became a partner in 1999. While at KPMG, she was responsible for the audit of the following 
companies: Reitir hf., Hagar hf., 365 hf., Baugur Group hf., Vodafone hf., Landfestar ehf., Landey ehf., 
10-11. and Félagsbústaðir. 
Anna holds a cand. oecon. in Business Administration from the University of Iceland and is a Chartered 
Accountant. She has also studied towards a cand. merc. in Financial Studies at Handelshøjskolen in 
Århus, Denmark.  
Mr. Ari Daníelsson (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Ari has been actively engaged in financial services and information technology, in Iceland and 
internationally, for over two decades, as both an executive and a non-executive board member. Ari is a 
professional director and investor. Before that he served as Chief Executive Officer of Reviva Capital 
S.A., a specialised and regulated loan servicing firm headquartered in Luxembourg, servicing banks 
and institutional investors across the EU. From 2006 to 2010, Ari was employed by Íslandsbanki’s 
predecessor, leading retail bank business development, asset financing (now Ergo), and participation in 
the restructuring of the Issuer’s Luxembourg subsidiary. Ari also has extensive experience in 
information technology and financial infrastructure and has participated in the boards of several 
companies these fields, including serving on the board of Borgun hf. from 2018 to 2021. Ari currently 
serves on the board of Origo hf. and MÍT Music College in addition to chairing the board of Reviva 
Capital S.A..   
Ari has a B.Sc. in Computer Science and an MBA from Reykjavík University and has completed the 
International Directors Programme from INSEAD in France.  
Mr. Frosti Ólafsson (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Frosti is the Chief Executive Officer of Olís ehf. Before joining the Board, he worked as an independent 
consultant, Chief Executive Officer of ORF Genetics hf., Managing Director of the Iceland Chamber 
of Commerce and strategic consultant for McKinsey & Company. In his past roles, he has advised

--- Page 159 ---
148 
 
leading domestic and international companies on a wide range of topics, including strategy, operations 
and governance. Frosti currently serves on the board of Controlant and Garður ehf. 
Frosti holds an MBA from London Business School and a B.Sc. in Economics from the University of 
Iceland and Macquarie University in Sydney, Australia. 
Ms. Guðrún Þorgeirsdóttir (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Guðrún is Chief Business Development Officer at PayAnalytics. Previously, she served as Chief 
Financial Officer at Skeljungur hf..  Guðrún has  experience as a Chief Risk Officer and as an investment 
manager.  Guðrún has served on the boards of insurance companies, financial companies, and retail and 
service companies, including VÍS hf., Lífís ehf., Lyfja hf. and Lýsing ehf. and is an experienced board 
member. Guðrún is an alternate member of the board of Pavonios ehf. and Chief Executive Officer of 
Tharsis ehf. 
Guðrún holds an MBA from HEC School of Management in France and a B.Sc. in Industrial 
Engineering from the University of Iceland, and is a securities broker licenced by the Icelandic Ministry 
of Finance and Economic Affairs. 
Ms. Valgerður Skúladóttir (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Valgerður is the founder and CEO of Sensa, an IT services company. She has been involved in 
enterprise IT for 30 years total, formerly as a Director of Corporate sales and Director of Infrastructure 
solutions at Tæknival. She has served on various boards of IT companies, i.e. Staki Automation, 
Talenta, Siminn DK and Sensa A/S and is currently on the board of a fintech company Memento og 
Erit ehf. She has served on the board of Federation of Icelandic Industries and was chairman of the 
board for Federation of IT companies. She is currently a member of the University Council of Reykjavik 
University as well as member of the board at Reykjavik´s Forestry Association.  
Valgerður has a C.Sc. degree in Electric Engineering from the University of Iceland and a MBA from 
University of Miami.  
The alternate members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Mr. Páll Grétar Steingrímsson 
Alternate Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Herdís Gunnarsdóttir  
Alternate Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Páll Grétar Steingrímsson (Alternate Member of the Board of Directors) 
Páll Grétar Steingrímsson is the chairman of the Board Audit Committe of Þorbjörn hf and an alternate 
member of the Audit Committee for the City of Reykjavik. Páll holds a cand oecon. in Business 
Administration from the University of Iceland and is a Chartered Accountant.  
Ms. Herdís Gunnarsdóttir (Alternate Member of the Board of Directors) 
Herdís Gunnarsdóttir is the director of The Icelandic Social Insurance Administration’s rights division. 
Herdís holds an MBA from the University of Iceland and an MSc and BSc in nursing from the 
University of Iceland. 
Nomination Committee

--- Page 160 ---
149 
 
In accordance with the Bank‘s Articles of Association the Bank operates a Nomination Committee 
whose role is to nominate individuals to the Bank's Board of Directors at the Annual General Meeting, 
or as the case may be at a shareholders' meeting where Board elections are on the agenda. The members 
of the Nomination Committee shall be three, elected for one year at a time by the Board of Directors. 
The committee shall be independent in its work and the majority of the committee’s members shall be 
independent of the Bank and its senior management. The Nomination Committee consists of Helga 
Valfells, as Chairman, Finnur Árnason, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Tómas Már Sigurðsson. 
Along with the Bank‘s Nomination Committee, ISFI operates a special three-member Selection 
Committee which, on behalf of the state, nominates candidates for the supervisory boards or boards of 
directors of banks or undertakings that are managed by ISFI. According the Relationship Agreement 
between the Bank and the ISFI the Bank‘s Nomination Committee and the ISFI Selection Committee 
shall ensure that when the Board of Directors is elected, the candidates for election to the Board of 
Directors meet the requirements on composition according to law, both as concerns breadth of 
experience as well as gender representation. The Rules of Procedure of the Bank‘s Nomination 
Committee are published on the Bank's website. 
Senior Management 
The Executive Committee consists of the following seven members, including the CEO: 
Ms. Birna Einarsdóttir, Chief Executive Officer.  
Birna Einarsdóttir worked at Iðnaðarbankinn hf., a predecessor of the Bank, from 1987. After six years 
with Royal Bank of Scotland as Senior Product Manager, Ms. Einarsdóttir rejoined the Bank in the fall 
of 2004 as the Managing Director of Sales and Marketing. She was appointed Executive Vice President 
of Retail Banking in August 2007. Ms. Einarsdóttir assumed the role of CEO of the Issuer in October 
of 2008. Ms. Einarsdóttir´s has worked as head of marketing for the Icelandic Broadcasting Company 
Ltd. (Channel 2) and Managing Director for the Icelandic Football Pools (Íslensk getspá).  
Ms. Einarsdóttir holds a B.Sc. in Business Administration from the University of Iceland and an MBA 
from the University of Edinburgh.  
Mr. Jón Guðni Ómarsson, Chief Financial Officer  
Jón Guðni Ómarsson worked in the Capital Markets division at the Bank from 2000 to 2002. He rejoined 
the Bank in 2005 and has held various positions in the Leverage Finance and Treasury divisions, 
working on different types of investment and funding transactions. In October 2008 he was appointed 
Executive Director of Treasury and in October 2011 he was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the 
Issuer. 
Mr. Ómarsson holds a B.Sc. degree in Industrial and Mechanical Engineering from the University of 
Iceland and an M.Sc. degree in Quantitative and Computational Finance (QCF) from the Georgia 
Institute of Technology. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and a securities broker licensed by 
the Icelandic Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs. 
Mr. Guðmundur Kristinn Birgisson, Chief Risk Officer 
Guðmundur Kristinn Birgisson joined the Bank in 2011 as Executive Director of Risk Monitoring where 
he oversaw the implementation of the Bank’s Operational Risk Management Framework and 
monitoring of the execution of credit processes. In 2017, he served as Executive Director of Lending in 
the Bank’s Personal Banking division and in 2018, he was appointed as the Chief Risk Officer of the 
Bank.

--- Page 161 ---
150 
 
Mr. Birgisson holds a Ph.D. degree in Mathematics Education from Indiana University and a B.A. in 
Philosophy and Science from the University of Iceland. 
Mr. Riaan Dreyer, Managing Director, IT 
Riaan Dreyer has been with the Bank since 2019. Mr. Dreyer has been in various Chief Information 
Officer roles in South Africa, most notably Standard Bank and Liberty Life, before he relocated to 
Iceland in 2016. He then joined Meniga after which he joined Arion Bank as the Head of Development. 
Mr. Dreyer holds a master’s degree in information technology from the University of Pretoria, South 
Africa and a Bachelor degree in Actuarial Science and Economics. He has completed an AMP 
management programme from IESE, Barcelona. 
Ms. Sigríður Hrefna Hrafnkelsdóttir, Managing Director Personal Banking 
Sigríður Hrefna Hrafnkelsdóttir was appointed Managing Director of Personal Banking in May 2017. 
Ms. Hrafnkelsdóttir worked as managing director of retail for Olíuverzlun Íslands from 2014. Before 
that she worked for Arion Bank, Sparisjóðabanki Íslands, Atlas Ejendomme A/S and LEX Law Offices.  
Ms. Hrafnkelsdóttir holds a Cand.Jur. degree from the University of Iceland, is a district court attorney 
and holds an MBA degree from Copenhagen Business School. 
Ms. Una Steinsdóttir, Managing Director Business Banking.  
Una Steinsdóttir joined the Bank in 1991 as a specialist in International Banking. Ms. Steinsdóttir has 
over 30 years of experience working for the Issuer and its predecessors and has among other things 
worked in credit control and service management. Ms. Steinsdóttir was a branch manager in Keflavik 
for eight years, from 1999 to 2007 until she was appointed director of Retail Banking in 2007. She was 
then appointed Managing Director of Retail Banking for the Issuer in October 2008. 
Ms. Steinsdóttir holds a Cand. Oecon degree in Business Administration from the University of Iceland 
and has completed an AMP management programme from IESE, Barcelona.  
Mr. Ásmundur Tryggvason, Managing Director Corporate & Investment Banking.  
Ásmundur Tryggvason was Executive Director of the Bank’s Corporate Finance department from 2012 
to 2019. Mr. Tryggvason has also worked in the Bank’s Research department and in Business Banking. 
He has also served on the boards of various financial, technology, industrial, telephone and publishing 
companies. 
Mr. Tryggvason holds a law degree from the Faculty of Law of the University of Iceland, is a District 
Court Attorney and has completed a degree in securities trading. 
Potential Conflict of Interest 
The Bank has listed the following as being a possible conflict of interest: 
 
Jón Þór Sigurvinsson, the spouse of Guðrún Þorgeirsdóttir, a member of the Board of Directors, 
is the head of corporate finance and one of the founders of Arctica Finance hf., one of the 
Bank’s competitors. 
 
Herdís Gunnarsdóttir is not considered independent of the Issuer and its major shareholders on 
account of her employment with the Icelandic Government which is a large shareholder of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 162 ---
151 
 
Besides this, no member of the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee has any private interest 
that might conflict with the Bank's interests. 
The Bank's Conflict of Interest policy promotes adherence to applicable laws and regulations and sets 
out the principles for the identification and appropriate and reasonable management of conflicts of 
interest.  
Moreover, the Bank's Code of Conduct is intended to promote sound governance practices within the 
Bank and to support the regulatory framework applying to its activities. It contains important guidelines 
for employees, including measures to prevent conflicts of interest. 
Major Shareholders 
As of 31 December 2022, the Icelandic state, through the ISFI, held 42.50 per cent. of the Issuer’s share 
capital.  
As of 31 December 2022, each of the following shareholders own more than 3 per cent. of the Issuer’s 
shares: 
Shareholder 
% of Bank’s Share Capital 
ISFI 
42.50% 
LSR Pension Fund  
7.49% 
Gildi Pension Fund  
6.80%  
Live Pension Fund 
6.31%  
Capital Group 
3.89% 
Brú Pension Fund 
3.14% 
Voting Rights 
Each share carries one vote. Accordingly, all shareholders have voting rights in proportion to their 
percentage of share ownership. 
Direct or Indirect Control by Individual Shareholders 
Other than ISFI, the Issuer is not aware of any individual shareholder or group of connected 
shareholders who directly or indirectly control the Bank. At the date of this Base Prospectus there are 
no arrangements known to the Issuer the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change 
of control of the Issuer. According to the Icelandic State Budget for the year 2022 the Icelandic State 
intends to sell its share in the Bank in full over the next two years, the first half in the year 2022 and the 
remainder in the year 2023. The timing and the form of any further offerings of shares by the ISFI are 
uncertain. The ISFI is a separate state body under the Minister of Finance an Economic Affairs and 
manages the government’s holdings in financial undertakings. The ISFI manages its holdings in the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable law, good administrative and business practices and the 
government’s ownership policy for financial undertakings at each time. The government’s ownership

--- Page 163 ---
152 
 
policy is based on Article 44 of the act No. 123/2015 on public finances and Article 1 of Act No. 
88/2009 on the Icelandic State Financial Investments.   
Financial Information 
IFRS 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022 were prepared in accordance with the IFRS as adopted by the European Union.  
Auditors 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 were 
audited by Ernst & Young ehf., Borgartúni 30, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland. Margrét Pétursdóttir was the 
Issuer’s auditor on behalf of Ernst & Young ehf. She is a member in the Institute of State Authorized 
Public Accountants in Iceland. 
Age of latest financial statement 
The latest audited Consolidated Financial Statements were published on 9 February 2023 and are for 
the year ended 31 December 2023.  
To the Issuer´s best knowledge, no significant changes have occurred in the financial position of the 
Issuer since the end of the last financial period.  
Explanatory notes 
Detailed information regarding the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated 
Statement of Changes in Equity, and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows are accessible in the 
explanatory notes in the relevant financial statements incorporated into this Base Prospectus, by 
reference.  
Selected Financial information 2021 and 2022 
The following is a summary of the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. This information should be read together with each 
consolidated financial statement due to changes in methodology between years. The Issuer’s 
consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022 can be found on the Issuer´s website: https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-
relations. The Issuer's profit as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to ISK 24,535 
million, which corresponded to a 11.8 per cent. return on equity. Total equity amounted to ISK 218,874 
million as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Issuer's total capital ratio, calculated 
according to the Act on Financial Undertakings, was 22.2 per cent. and its Tier 1 ratio was 18.8 per 
cent. in excess of both internal and regulatory requirements. The Issuer’s total assets amounted to ISK 
1,566 billion as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022.  
The Issuer's profit as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to ISK 23,725 million, 
which corresponded to a 12.3 per cent. return on equity. Total equity amounted to ISK 203,710 million 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Issuer's total capital ratio, calculated according to 
the Act on Financial Undertakings, was 25.3 per cent. and its Tier 1 ratio was 21.3 per cent. The Issuer's 
total assets amounted to ISK 1,429 billion as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021.

--- Page 164 ---
153 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
ISK million 
2022
2021
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate 
method 
87,671
56,220
Other interest income 
6,342
2,405
Interest expense 
(50,887)
(24,582)
Net interest income 
43,126
34,043
Fee and commission income 
17,630
15,167
Fee and commission expense 
(3,577)
(2,318)
Net fee and commission income 
14,053
12,849
Net financial income (expense) 
(1,257)
2,499
Net foreign exchange gain 
881
479
Other operating income 
433
302
Other net operating income 
57
3,280
Total operating income 
57,236
50,172
Salaries and related expenses 
(13,452)
(13,397)
Other operating expenses 
(10,466)
(9,799)
Contribution to the Depositors' and Investors' Guarantee Fund 
(165)
(688)
Bank tax 
(1,858)
(1,683)
Total operating expenses 
(25,941)
(25,567)
Profit before net impairment on financial assets 
31,295
24,605
Net impairment on financial assets 
1,576
3,018
Profit before tax 
32,871
27,623
Income tax expense 
(8,485)
(5,119)
Profit for the period from continuing operations 
24,386
22,504
Discontinued operations held for sale, net of income tax 
149
1,221
Profit for the period 
24,535
23,725

--- Page 165 ---
154 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
 
ISK million 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with Central Bank 
94,424 
113,667 
Loans to credit institutions 
110,364 
43,988 
Bonds and debt instruments 
130,804 
132,289 
Derivatives 
7,461 
2,445 
Loans to customers 
1,186,639 
1,086,327 
Shares and equity instruments 
15,868 
31,677 
Investments in associates 
3,844 
939 
Property and equipment 
6,752 
7,010 
Intangible assets 
3,279 
3,351 
Other assets 
6,072 
5,784 
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
728 
1,344 
Total Assets 
1,566,235 
1,428,821 
Deposits from Central Bank and credit institutions 
15,269 
13,384 
Deposits from customers 
789,897 
744,036 
Derivative instruments and short positions 
10,804 
9,467 
Debt issued and other borrowed funds 
468,270 
402,226 
Subordinated loans 
34,392 
35,762 
Tax liabilities 
12,128 
6,432 
Other liabilities 
16,601 
12,848 
Non-current liabilities and disposal groups held for sale 
- 
956 
Total Liabilities 
1,347,361 
1,225,111 
Equity 
 
 
Share capital 
10,000 
10,000 
Share premium 
55,000 
55,000 
Reserves 
9,158 
6,086 
Retained earnings 
144,716 
132,624 
Total Shareholder's Equity 
218,874 
203,710 
Non-controlling interests 
- 
- 
Total Equity 
218,874 
203,710 
Total Liabilities and Equity 
1,566,235 
1,428,821

--- Page 166 ---
155 
 
 
Risk Management 
The Issuer is exposed to various risks. The management of these risks is an integral part of the Issuer’s 
operations. The ultimate responsibility for ensuring an adequate risk management framework lies with 
the Issuer’s Board of Directors. The Issuer’s Board of Directors defines and communicates the 
acceptable level of risk through the Issuer’s risk management policies. The Issuer’s risk management 
framework and policies are discussed under Note 45 to the 2022 Financial Statements, which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 167 ---
156 
 
10. 
COVER POOL 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of the Covered Bonds have been duly authorised by 
resolutions of the meetings of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 23 March 2010, 1 December 
2010, 25 October 2011, 10 May 2017, 21 March 2018, 6 May 2020, 11 March 2021, 10 February 2022 
and 4 April 2023. 
Composition 
The composition of the Cover Pool may vary from time to time but shall always fulfil the requirements 
laid down in any applicable FSA licence to issue the Covered Bonds. Information relating to the type 
of assets (and where relevant, their location) that make up the Cover Pool will be provided quarterly, 
no later than 30 days from the end of each quarter, on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations. For the avoidance of doubt and in 
accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool, and any proceeds derived therefrom, will 
be kept separate from the Issuer’s other assets at all times in the Register, and thus there will be no 
commingling of the relevant underlying assets. 
In respect to the loans to be included in the Cover Pool, the Issuer will include, amongst others, loans 
secured by mortgages over residential properties located in Iceland. However, other non-loan assets 
may be included in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds and any applicable licence issued by 
the FSA. See "Cover Pool – composition of assets" on page 131 of this Base Prospectus further details.  
The Issuer may enter into certain derivative contracts for the purpose of hedging risks between assets 
in the Cover Pools and the Covered Bonds. The Issuer will maintain an Overcollateralisation level of at 
least 5 per cent relating to the Covered Bonds.  It is the opinion of the Issuer that the 
Overcollateralisation will be sufficient to manage the market risk of the Cover Pool and to enable the 
Covered Bonds to obtain and maintain an acceptable rating. Overcollateralisation is limited to 30 per 
cent. of the aggregate value of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in accordance 
with the FSA’s requirements for a Covered Bond licence. 
Origination 
The Mortgages in the original Cover Pool were primarily originated by the Issuer’s predecessor, Glitnir. 
By decision of the FSA dated 14 October 2008 all assets of Glitnir were allocated to the Issuer. All 
mortgages are owned, maintained and serviced by the Issuer. Other Mortgages going forward may be 
originated by the Issuer or separately acquired by the issuer. 
Proceeds 
All proceeds derived from the Mortgages will be allocated to an account by the Issuer, which is 
separated from the Issuer´s other assets and accounts (the Proceeds Account). The Proceeds Account 
will form a part of the Register, as further described in this Base Prospectus ("Summary of Icelandic 
Legislation relating to Covered Bonds"). The Proceeds Account will be monitored by the Issuer and 
will eventually contain amounts that at a minimum are sufficient to pay an amount equal to 3 months 
forward looking accrued interest (Minimum Account Amount). After such date any proceeds 
exceeding the Minimum Account Amount can be allocated at the discretion of the Issuer, subject to the 
approval of the Independent Inspector as further described below, provided that any such allocation 
would not affect the Overcollateralisation.  
Independent Inspector Agreement

--- Page 168 ---
157 
 
According to a letter of approval dated 31 January 2011 the FSA has approved the Issuer‘s appointment 
of Helga Harðardóttir, Id.no. 101059-2519, Hvannarima 20, 112 Reykjavík a certified public accountant 
and partner at KPMG ehf. in Iceland as the Independent Inspector of the Programme in accordance with 
Chapter VIII. of the Act on Covered Bonds and the Rules (the Independent Inspector). The 
appointment was concluded by an agreement dated 31 January 2011 between the Issuer and the 
Independent Inspector (the Independent Inspector Agreement). The Independent Inspector 
Agreement has since been renewed regularly. The principal duties of the Independent Inspector is the 
carrying out of the supervision set out in Chapter VIII of the Act on Covered Bonds and the Rules, 
including inter alia the maintenance of the Register in accordance with Chapter VI of the Act on 
Covered Bonds, verifying the collateral for bonds in a Cover Pool is based on proper methodology and 
provide the FSA with information obtained in the course of her work as frequently and in such form as 
the FSA may decide, or above and beyond that if exceptional circumstance so warrant. The Independent 
Inspector Agreement is governed by Icelandic law. 
Independent Inspector’s Oversight 
As further described in this Base Prospectus, the Register will be monitored by the Independent 
Inspector in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. The Independent Inspector must ensure that a 
Register is maintained, as described above, and verify that the valuation of collateral for bonds in the 
Cover Pool is based on proper methodology.  
Additionally, the Issuer must seek prior approval from the Independent Inspector before any assets are 
removed from the Register, other than may be required by law. 
Derivative Contracts 
General 
The Act on Covered Bonds allows the inclusion of derivative contracts in the Cover Pool. Such 
derivative contracts can be entered into in order to hedge interest rate, exchange rate or liquidity risks. 
According to the requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds, any such derivative contract can only be 
entered into with i) the Icelandic State; i) member state; iii) municipality in a member state; iv) central 
bank in a member state; or v) other party deemed sufficiently solid to fulfil the obligations involved in 
the contract. 
In addition, pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds, the Register of assets within the Cover Pool shall, 
in relation to each derivative contract, identify the type of agreement and individual number, 
counterparty, nominal value, currency, interest terms, value of the net claim or net debt, as well as the 
start and expiry date of the agreement. 
Currency Exchange Risk 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds or a part of the Cover Pool is denominated in a currency other 
than ISK, the Issuer shall enter into derivative contracts for the purpose of hedging any net currency 
exchange risk. The market value of cross currency swaps will fluctuate with exchange rates. Such 
market value fluctuations will be managed according to a Credit Support Annex (see below). 
The Issuer also has the option to reverse existing swaps and enter into new ones at current exchange 
rates.

--- Page 169 ---
158 
 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to assets within the Cover Pool may be managed through 
the derivative contracts. Interest rate swaps may be entered into with a hedge counterparty relating to 
both the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
Under derivative contracts, with respect to interest rate hedging on the fixed rate Cover Pool, on a 
monthly basis the Issuer may enter into contract with a hedge counterparty to hedge on a net risk basis 
the fluctuations in the relevant assets held by the Issuer and which are included in the Cover Pool on 
the relevant date and with regards to the interest rate payable on the Covered Bonds with regards to the 
interest rate on the Mortgages contained in the Cover Pool.  
Downgrade in Rating of Hedge Counterparty 
Under the terms of the proposed derivative contracts to be entered into with the hedge counterparty, if 
the applicable short term rating of any hedge counterparty falls below “A2” by S&P (or, if applicable, 
the equivalent rating assigned by Fitch or Moody's) or the applicable long term rating of any hedge 
counterparty falls below “BBB” by S&P (or, if applicable, the equivalent rating assigned by Fitch or 
Moody's) at any time, the hedge counterparty will be required to take certain remedial measures which 
may include: (i) providing collateral for its obligations under the derivative contract; (ii) terminate the 
derivative contract and arrange for its obligations under the derivative contracts to be transferred to an 
entity with the ratings required by the relevant rating agency; or (iii) procuring another entity with the 
ratings required by the relevant rating agency to become co-obligor in respect of its obligations under 
the derivative contracts. 
Restrictions on Use of Derivative Contracts 
The Issuer uses derivatives in the Cover Pool, including the swaps described above, strictly for hedging 
purposes and these are designated as hedging instruments. Derivatives are not used in trading activities 
or for speculative purposes. 
Under rules made under the Act on Covered Bonds, the Issuer is required to fix a limit on interest risk 
in relation to its own funds and potential losses resulting from 1 per cent. parallel shift in all interest 
rate curves.  
In respect of assets within the Cover Pool, the Issuer complies with the currency coverage requirements 
set out in the Rules made under the Act on Covered Bonds and provisions applicable to cover assets 
derivative contracts. 
Origination Criteria 
All loans, in the Cover Pool, were at the time of lending (or at the time of restructuring, if applicable), 
if not otherwise specifically mentioned, subject to the following various conditions (the Origination 
Criteria) being satisfied on the relevant date: 
(a) 
no loan relates to a Property which is not a residential property;  
(b) 
all of the borrowers of each respective loan are individuals and were aged 18 years or older at 
the date of entering into the relevant loan and its related Mortgage;  
(c) 
each loan is denominated in ISK;  
(d) 
prior to the making of each advance under a loan, the requirements of the relevant standard 
documentation were met, so far as applicable to that loan;

--- Page 170 ---
159 
 
(e) 
each loan complies fully with the Consumer Credit Act No. 121/1994;  
(f) 
the whole of the outstanding principal balance on each loan and any arrears of interest and all 
accrued interest is secured by a Mortgage;  
(g) 
each loan and its Mortgage is valid and binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms;  
(h) 
insurance cover for each Property is or will at all times be available under a policy arranged by 
the borrower in accordance with the relevant Mortgage conditions; and 
(i) 
prior to the making of each advance under a loan, the above Origination Criteria and all 
preconditions to the making of that loan were satisfied in all material respects subject only to 
exceptions as would be acceptable to a reasonable, prudent mortgage lender, 
where:  
Cover Pool means the pool of eligible assets recorded in the Register maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds; 
Mortgage means each mortgage loan referenced by its mortgage loan identifier number and comprising 
the aggregate of all principal sums, interest, costs, charges, expenses and other moneys due or owing 
with respect to that mortgage loan under the relevant mortgage terms by a borrower to the Issuer on the 
security of a Mortgage from time to time outstanding or, as the context may require, the borrower's 
obligations in respect of the same, and eligible to be added to the Cover Pool; and 
Property means a residential property in Iceland which is subject to a Mortgage.

--- Page 171 ---
160 
 
11. 
THE ICELANDIC ECONOMY  
Following the rapid upswing in the Icelandic economy beginning in the middle of the first decade of 
the 21st century, the economy experienced a banking and currency crisis in the second half of 2008. The 
gross domestic product (GDP) contracted considerably during the next two years, the value of assets 
deteriorated, real wages declined, and unemployment rose. However, the Icelandic economy 
subsequently enjoyed a period of robust GDP growth in 2011-2019 and, despite a temporary setback 
due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, currently has a GDP per capita among the highest in the world.  
The Icelandic economy has a history of considerable volatility. The source of such volatility has 
historically been the fisheries industry, which is the main goods export sector. The business cycle, 
therefore, has been linked to fish catch volumes and fluctuations in the prices of marine products on 
foreign markets. The development of power-intensive industry, which plays a considerable role in 
export activities, has also been the cause of some volatility. The business cycle of the first decade of 
the 21st century was partly driven by investments in this sector. However, these fluctuations can, to a 
greater extent, be attributed to systemic changes in the domestic financial market, which in a short 
period of time evolved from a capital controlled financial market with fixed exchange rates to an open 
financial market with a floating exchange rate and large international privately-run financial 
institutions. The currency and banking crisis was therefore preceded by the classical antecedents to a 
crisis of such kind and was sparked by the international financial crisis that prevailed at the time. 
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) approached the Icelandic government at the end of 2008 with 
the promise of a credit facility in exchange for a letter of intent from the Icelandic government agreeing 
to changes in the Icelandic economy in three main areas: fiscal policy, the activities of financial 
institutions and stability of the foreign exchange market. Despite some initial delays, the Stand-by 
Agreement with the IMF came to an end on 26 August 2011. The Icelandic Parliament imposed capital 
controls in 2011 pursuant to Act No. 87/1992 on Foreign Exchange (FEA) in order to prevent serious 
difficulties with regard to Iceland’s balance of payments and to stabilise the króna exchange rate. On 
14 March 2017, Rules no. 200/2017 on Currency Exchange took effect, granting a general exemption 
from the restriction set forth in the FEA and effectively lifting the capital controls that had previously 
been in place. The FEA was replaced with Act No. 70/2001 on Foreign Exchange which lifted capital 
controls by law. The last remaining limitations on derivatives involving króna were lifted in 2021.  
The Icelandic economy enjoyed a period of continuous robust growth from 2011 until year-end 2019. 
Consumption, investment and exports all grew at a brisk pace and real wages and real residential house 
prices rose considerably during that period. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic led to a 6.8 per 
cent. decline in real GDP in 2020, mostly due to a sharp fall in exports. On the other hand, national 
expenditure fell by a more moderate 2.3 per cent. in 2020 and the current account remained in surplus 
as a fall in imports offset the contraction in exports to a degree. In the year 2021, GDP growth measured 
4.4 per cent. in real terms, and in 2022 GDP growth to the end of September was at a rate of 7.4 per 
cent. as the economy rebounded from the 2020 recession. 
After a period of inflation remaining close to the Central Bank of Iceland’s inflation target between the 
first quarter of 2014 and the third quarter of 2018, inflation temporarily increased above the target as 
the ISK depreciated and domestic cost pressures remained considerable. After falling back to inflation 
target levels in late 2019, inflation again rose in 2020 following a depreciation in the Icelandic Krona 
due to the impact of the pandemic. The rise in inflation continued throughout 2021 and 2022, with 
inflation measuring 9.6 per cent. at year-end 2022. The Central Bank of Iceland decreased its main 
policy rate from 4.5 per cent. as of the first quarter of 2019 to 0.75 per cent. as of the fourth quarter of 
2020 to counter the adverse economic impact of the pandemic. The Central Bank has also employed a 
range of additional policy instruments to mitigate the pandemic impact, including foreign exchange 
market interventions and liquidity measures in the financial sector. From May 2021, the Central Bank 
embarked on a rate hike process to counter adverse inflation developments and normalise real interest

--- Page 172 ---
161 
 
rates in line with the improving economic outlook. As of year-end 2022, the Central Bank’s policy rate 
had been raised to 6.0 per cent.. 
Despite brisk economic growth in the period preceding the COVID-19 pandemic, the total debt ratios 
of households, corporates and the public sector have remained relatively stable compared to GDP 
following a substantial decline in debt ratios earlier in the decade. Furthermore, Iceland’s external debt 
position has improved vastly, with external assets exceeding external liabilities by around 24 per cent. 
of GDP as at the end of the third quarter of 2022  after decades of substantial net negative international 
investment position. The main reason for this economic development is an exceptionally rapid growth 
in Iceland’s tourist sector, which in recent years has been the country’s largest export sector. Moreover, 
business investment rose substantially around mid-decade, particularly in export sectors such as tourism 
and energy. The final years of the last decade saw a moderate fall in business investment, but figures 
for 2021 as well as 9 month figures for 2022 show a return to investment growth.

--- Page 173 ---
162 
 
12. 
THE ICELANDIC HOUSING MARKET  
A relatively typical price bubble formed in the Icelandic housing market around the middle of the first 
decade of the 21st century, fuelled by easier access to credit, a rapid increase in real wages and 
expectations of further property value increases. The economy experienced a vast upswing during this 
period, which was driven by, among other things, the recent privatisation and regulation in the financial 
market. A large quantity of residential housing was built during this period because the market prices 
of residential property considerably outweighed building costs.  
Historically, a large proportion of Icelandic households have owned the houses they have lived in, i.e. 
around four out of five. The rental market, on the other hand, has been relatively small when compared 
to many other economies although recent years have seen the formation of a more structured long-term 
rental market with the arrival of dedicated residential property rental companies. Ownership has been 
encouraged with public subsidies on mortgage rates in the form of tax rebates. Icelandic households 
have placed a rather large proportion of their savings into residential property. The majority of mortgage 
loans were CPI-indexed, but during the upswing a growing number of loans were also exchange rate-
linked, as households sought to finance the purchases of their homes with the lower interest rates on 
foreign currencies. This made Icelandic households vulnerable to fluctuations in housing prices, as well 
as the exchange rate of the Icelandic króna and inflation. When the price bubble burst in 2008, capital 
rapidly shrank and debt servicing costs on loans as a percentage of disposable income suddenly soared. 
Consequently, exchange-rate linked mortgage loans have since been de facto prohibited in Iceland.  
One of the distinguishing features of the Icelandic housing market has long been that decreases in real 
value are caused more by inflation than changes in nominal prices. Thus business in this market 
contracted substantially at the same time as the Icelandic upswing came to an end, the currency 
depreciated and inflation soared. From this point of view, developments in the aftermath of 2008 crash 
were not unlike previous downturns in the history of the Icelandic economy. The real decrease in 
residential property value, which measured at 36% in Q1 2010 from when prices were at their peak at 
the end of 2008, is a result of high inflation during this period. 
The housing market went through a turnaround in 2010 and real and nominal housing prices started to 
rise somewhat. Moreover, turnover on the housing market picked up. There were several reasons for 
this. Firstly, real wages increased, as did expectations that the nadir of the recession had been reached. 
Secondly, the demand was driven by expectations regarding the development of housing prices, since 
housing prices seemed to be rising again. Thirdly, the debt problems of households were tackled with 
debt forgiveness and debt restructuring. In parallel with this, bottle-necks in at both the supply and 
demand end of the housing market have been cleared, which may partly explain the increase in turnover. 
This revaluation process is not over and will continue to characterise the housing market in the years 
ahead. From Q1 2010 to Q1 2018 housing prices increased by 55% in real terms. Following a period of 
more moderate price rises, the pace of housing price increases picked up again from Q3 2021 onwards. 
As of end-2022, housing prices had increased by just under 12% in real terms over the previous 12 
months. 
The real prices of residential housing are at a historical high, having exceeded their 2007 levels. Housing 
prices in proportion to wages have risen considerably until recently and are above long-term average. 
Even so, average household debt has not increased significantly as a share of GDP and remains at 
considerably lower levels than a decade ago.

--- Page 174 ---
163 
 
13. 
FINANCIAL MARKETS IN ICELAND 
The FSA supervises commercial banks, savings banks and other credit institutions, insurance 
companies, companies and individuals acting as insurance brokers, undertakings engaged in securities 
services, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), management 
companies, stock exchanges and other regulated markets, central securities depositories and pension 
funds. The FSA is charged with ensuring that the activities of these entities are conducted in accordance 
with the laws and regulations of Iceland. The activities of FSA are primarily governed by Act No. 
87/1998, on the Official Supervision of Financial Operations, and Act No. 9/1999, on the Payment of 
Cost Due to the Official Supervision of Financial Activities. 
The Central Bank 
The Central Bank of Iceland is an independent institution owned by the Icelandic state and operating 
under the auspices of the Prime Minister. Its objective is to promote price stability, financial stability, 
and sound and secure financial activities. The Central Bank also undertakes such tasks as are consistent 
with its role as a central bank, such as maintaining international reserves and promoting a safe, effective 
financial system, including domestic and cross-border payment intermediation.  
As of 1 January 2020, the Central Bank is responsible for the tasks entrusted by law and governmental 
directives to the FSA, and financial supervision is now under the responsibility of the Central Bank. 
The Central Bank monitors supervised entities to ensure that their activities are in compliance with the 
law and with governmental directives, and that they are in other respects consistent with sound and 
appropriate business practices.  
Monetary policy 
The main objective of the Central Bank’s monetary policy is price stability. Following the banking and 
currency crises in 2008, and in accordance with the joint economic policy agreed upon by the Icelandic 
authorities and the IMF in November 2008, the main focus of Iceland’s monetary policy has been to 
stabilise the króna, without committing to defend a specific value of the currency. To achieve this goal, 
the Central Bank raised interest rates and introduced capital controls in December 2008. On 28 
November 2008, the Central Bank adopted new Rules on Foreign Exchange which imposed 
comprehensive capital controls, restricting the flow of capital to and from Iceland. The rules were 
reissued on 15 December 2008, and in March 2009, the Act on Foreign Exchange was amended to 
tighten the rules. Effective from 27 September 2011, the rules have been incorporated into the FEA. 
Certain companies were granted full or partial exemptions from the capital controls. Supervised 
financial institutions were generally permitted to engage in spot, forward and swap transactions in 
foreign currency and to engage in cross-border borrowing and lending. Non-residents were also 
permitted to transfer foreign currency derived from interest and dividends on investments in Iceland. 
The capital controls enabled the interbank foreign exchange market to reopen on 4 December 2008, and 
the Central Bank discontinued foreign currency auctions. Following the implementation of capital 
controls, an offshore exchange rate market developed alongside the official onshore market, with a 
significantly lower exchange rate than the rate in the onshore market. 
With declining inflation and progress in the restructuring of domestic balance sheets, the emphasis of 
monetary policy has gradually shifted towards future inflation and output prospects, although exchange 
rate stability continues to play an important role in monetary policy. With statutory amendments passed 
on 21 October 2016, important steps were taken towards easing restrictions on capital transactions. 
Further reforms were implemented on 1 January 2017. On 14 March 2017, Rules no. 200/2017 on 
Currency Exchange took effect, granting a general exemption from the restriction set forth in the Act 
on Foreign Exchange and effectively lifting the capital controls that had previously been in place. The 
rules, as amended by Rules 568/2017 and 311/2019, remained in effect until the passage of Act 70/2021 
in June 2021, which effectively lifted all remaining capital controls. However, there is still a

--- Page 175 ---
164 
 
requirement for reporting to the Icelandic Central Bank of any new investment three weeks after 
Icelandic Krona is bought for new inflow of foreign currency. Also, the current rules place restrictions 
on the total amount of financial institutions’ derivatives transactions. 
Nasdaq Iceland hf.  
Iceland currently has one authorised stock exchange where the public listing of securities and securities 
trading take place: Nasdaq Iceland hf. Nasdaq Iceland hf. is part of the Nasdaq Group and is licensed 
to operate a regulated market as well as a multilateral trading facility, the First North Iceland market. 
Nasdaq Iceland hf. also provides listing alternatives for small-cap to large-cap companies; and the main 
market and the First North market for small and medium-sized companies with growth potential. Both 
issuer rules and trading rules are largely harmonised with the sister exchanges run by Nasdaq Group in 
the Nordic countries (Stockholm, Helsinki and Copenhagen).

--- Page 176 ---
165 
 
14. 
OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement 
The Issuer may enter into an interest rate swap transaction governed by an ISDA Master Agreement 
(including a schedule, a credit support annex and confirmation(s)) in respect of the assets registered to 
the Cover Pool (respectively, the Cover Pool Swap and the Cover Pool Swap Agreement) with a 
Cover Pool Swap Provider. 
On each monthly payment date under the Cover Pool Swap, the Issuer may pay to the Cover Pool Swap 
Provider all revenue payments (i.e. excluding principal payments) received in respect of the assets 
(other than Eligible Swaps) registered to the Cover Pool (but excluding amounts corresponding to the 
client margin) and the Cover Pool Swap Provider may pay to the Issuer an amount calculated on the 
nominal amount of the assets (other than Eligible Swaps) which are registered to the Cover Pool, based 
on the applicable floating rate or fixed rate payable under the Covered Bonds plus a margin.  
The coverage requirements referred to in "Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered Bonds 
– Coverage Requirements" above will apply in respect of the Cover Pool Swap. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under the Cover Pool Swap Agreement, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of the Cover Pool Swap 
Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the Cover Swap Agreement 
(in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for the Cover Pool Swap Provider, the 
Cover Pool Swap Provider will, in accordance with the Cover Pool Swap Agreement, be required to 
take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional collateral for its obligations 
under the Cover Pool Swap, arranging for its obligations under the Cover Pool Swap to be transferred 
to an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity 
with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the Cover Pool Swap Agreement 
(in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, 
as applicable, in respect of its obligations under the Cover Pool Swap or taking some other action as it 
may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Cover Pool Swap Agreement will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following: 
(a) 
at the option of the Cover Pool Swap Provider, if the Issuer is in breach of representations 
contained in the Cover Pool Swap Agreement to register the Cover Pool Swap Agreement and 
the Cover Pool Swap thereunder in the Cover Pool register; 
(b) 
at the option of one party to the Cover Pool Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other 
party to pay any amounts due under the Cover Pool Swap Agreement and any applicable grace 
period has expired; 
(c) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the Cover Pool Swap 
Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the Cover Pool Swap Provider without an assumption 
of its obligations under the Cover Pool Swap Agreement, or if a material misrepresentation is 
made by the Cover Pool Swap Provider under the Cover Pool Swap Agreement, or if the Cover 
Pool Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter derivatives transaction under another 
agreement between the Issuer and the Cover Pool Swap Provider or if a breach of a provision

--- Page 177 ---
166 
 
of the Cover Pool Swap Agreement by the Cover Pool Swap Provider is not remedied within 
the applicable grace period; 
(d) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure 
event occurs; 
(e) 
at the option of the Cover Pool Swap Provider, if withholding taxes are imposed on payments 
made by the Issuer or by the Cover Pool Swap Provider under the Cover Pool Swap due to a 
change in law;  
(f) 
if the Cover Pool Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails to 
comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the Cover Pool 
Swap Agreement and described above under "Ratings downgrade"; and 
(g) 
at the option of the Cover Pool Swap Provider, upon the redemption, prepayment or purchase 
of the Covered Bonds in whole or in part.  
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the Cover Pool Swap Provider 
may be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination payment will 
be based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering into a swap 
with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of the 
respective full payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined following consideration of 
quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant market data and information from internal sources) 
and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and payable prior to termination.  Any such 
termination payment could be substantial and may affect the funds available to pay amounts due to the 
Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from the Cover Pool Swap 
Provider. 
Transfer 
The Cover Pool Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement, including the satisfaction of certain requirements of the rating agencies, transfer its 
obligations under the Cover Pool Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
Either party may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes are 
imposed on payments made under a Swap.  However, if due to a change in law, either the Issuer or the 
Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Swap or to receive a payment under a Swap 
from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, either the Issuer or the relevant Swap Provider, 
as the case may be, may terminate the relevant Swap. 
The Cover Pool Swap Provider will rank senior to the Covered Bondholders in respect of its claims 
against the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
The margins over the applicable floating rate or fixed rate applicable to the Cover Pool Swap will be 
determined on the effective date of such swap and may be varied from time to time by the Issuer and 
the Cover Pool Swap Provider, subject to written confirmation from the rating agencies that the 
proposed amendment will not adversely affect the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds. 
The Cover Pool Swap Agreement will be governed by English law.

--- Page 178 ---
167 
 
Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
The Issuer may also, from time to time, enter into additional interest rate swaps with Interest Rate Swap 
Providers by executing an ISDA Master Agreement (including schedules, a credit support annex and 
confirmations) (each such agreement, an Interest Rate Swap Agreement and each of the transactions 
thereunder, an Interest Rate Swap), in order to hedge the Issuer's interest rate risks in ISK and/or other 
currencies to the extent that these have not already been hedged by the Cover Pool Swap, Currency 
Swap or an Indexed Currency Swap, subject always to the coverage requirements as referred to in 
"Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered Bonds – Coverage Requirements" above. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Interest Rate Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of an Interest 
Rate Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such 
Interest Rate Swap Provider, the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider will, in accordance with the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may 
include providing additional collateral for its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap, 
arranging for its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap to be transferred to an entity with 
rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity 
with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor 
or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap or taking 
some other action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including 
the following: 
(a) 
at the option of each Interest Rate Swap Provider, if the Issuer is in breach of representations 
contained in the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement to register the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement and each Interest Rate Swap thereunder in the Cover Pool register; 
(b) 
at the option of one party to the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by 
the other party to pay any amounts due under that Interest Rate Swap Agreement and any 
applicable grace period has expired; 
(c) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider 
without an assumption of its obligations under the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or 
if a material misrepresentation is made by the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider under the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement, or if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider defaults 
under an over-the-counter derivatives transaction under another agreement between the Issuer 
and such Interest Rate Swap Provider or if a breach of a provision of the relevant Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement by the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not remedied within the applicable grace 
period; 
(d) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure 
event occurs;

--- Page 179 ---
168 
 
(e) 
at the option of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, if withholding taxes are imposed on 
payments made by the Issuer or by the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider under the relevant 
Interest Rate Swap due to a change in law;  
(f) 
if the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and 
fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement and described above under "Ratings downgrade"; and 
(g) 
at the option of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Provider, upon the redemption, prepayment or 
purchase of the Covered Bonds in whole or in part. 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Interest Rate Swap 
Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination 
payment will be based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering 
into a swap with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent 
of the respective full payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined following 
consideration of quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant market data and information from 
internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and payable prior to 
termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect the funds available to 
pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from an Interest Rate Swap 
Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Interest Rate Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement, including the satisfaction of certain requirements of the rating agencies, transfer 
its obligations under any Interest Rate Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
Either party may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes are 
imposed on payments made under a Swap.  However, if due to a change in law, either the Issuer or the 
Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Swap or to receive a payment under a Swap 
from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, either the Issuer or the relevant Swap Provider, 
as the case may be, may terminate the relevant Swap. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Interest Rate Swap Providers will rank senior to the Covered Bondholders in respect of their claims 
against the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
Currency Swap Agreements 
Subject to currency restrictions in place at each time, if Covered Bonds are issued in currencies other 
than ISK, the Issuer may enter into Currency Swaps from time to time with Currency Swap Providers 
by executing ISDA Master Agreements (including schedules, a credit support annex and confirmations) 
(each such agreement, a Currency Swap Agreement and each of the transactions thereunder, a 
Currency Swap), in order to hedge currency risks arising between (a) Covered Bonds issued in 
currencies other than ISK and (b) assets (other than Mortgage Bonds and Eligible Swaps) forming part 
of the Cover Pool but denominated in ISK, subject always to the coverage requirements as referred to 
in "Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered Bonds – Coverage Requirements" above.

--- Page 180 ---
169 
 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Currency Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of a Currency 
Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Currency 
Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating agencies) for such Currency Swap 
Provider, the relevant Currency Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include providing additional 
collateral for its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap, arranging for its obligations under the 
relevant Currency Swap to be transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating 
agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of 
the relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating 
agency as specified in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of 
the relevant rating agency) to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its 
obligations under the relevant Currency Swap or taking some other action as it may agree with the 
relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Currency Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, including the 
following: 
(a) 
at the option of each Currency Swap Provider, if the Issuer is in breach of representations 
contained in the relevant Currency Swap Agreement to register the relevant Currency Swap 
Agreement and each Currency Swap thereunder in the Cover Pool register; 
(b) 
at the option of one party to the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the 
other party to pay any amounts due under that Currency Swap Agreement and any applicable 
grace period has expired; 
(c) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Currency Swap 
Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Currency Swap Provider without an 
assumption of its obligations under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement, or if a material 
misrepresentation is made by the relevant Currency Swap Provider under the relevant Currency 
Swap Agreement, or if the relevant Currency Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter 
derivatives transaction under another agreement between the Issuer and such Currency Swap 
Provider or if a breach of a provision of the relevant Currency Swap Agreement by the Currency 
Swap Provider is not remedied within the applicable grace period; 
(d) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal; 
(e) 
at the option of the relevant Currency Swap Provider, if withholding taxes are imposed on 
payments made by the Issuer or by the relevant Currency Swap Provider under the relevant 
Currency Swap due to a change in law; 
(f) 
if the relevant Currency Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded and fails 
to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the relevant 
Currency Swap Agreement and described above under "Ratings downgrade"; and 
(g) 
at the option of the relevant Currency Swap Provider, upon the redemption, prepayment or 
purchase of the Covered Bonds in whole or in part. 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Currency Swap 
Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any termination 
payment will be based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as to entering

--- Page 181 ---
170 
 
into a swap with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent 
of the respective full payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined following 
consideration of quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant market data and information from 
internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and payable prior to 
termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect the funds available to 
pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders. 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from a Currency Swap 
Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Currency Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant Currency 
Swap Agreement, including the satisfaction of certain requirements of the rating agencies, transfer its 
obligations under any Currency Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
Either party may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes are 
imposed on payments made under a Swap.  However, if due to a change in law, either the Issuer or the 
Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Swap or to receive a payment under a Swap 
from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, either the Issuer or the relevant Swap Provider, 
as the case may be, may terminate the relevant Swap. 
The Currency Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
The Currency Swap Provider will rank senior to the Covered Bondholders in respect of their claims 
against the Issuer in respect of assets registered to the Cover Pool. 
Where the Issuer enters into both interest rate swap transactions and currency swap transactions with 
the same counterparty these may be entered into under the same ISDA Master Agreement. 
Indexed Currency Swap Agreements 
The Issuer may enter into Indexed Currency Swaps from time to time with Indexed Currency Swap 
Providers by executing ISDA Master Agreements (including schedules, a credit support annex and 
confirmations) (each such agreement, an Indexed Currency Swap Agreement) and each of the 
transactions thereunder, an Indexed Currency Swap in order to hedge currency and inflation risks 
arising between (a) Covered Bonds issued in currencies other than ISK and (b) assets forming part of 
the Cover Pool but denominated in ISK and indexed linked, subject always to the coverage requirements 
as referred to in "Summary of Icelandic Legislation relating to Covered Bonds - Coverage 
Requirements" above. 
Ratings downgrade 
Under each of the Indexed Currency Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of an 
Indexed Currency Swap Provider are downgraded by a rating agency below the rating(s) specified in 
the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the rating 
agencies) for such Indexed Currency Swap Provider, the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Provider will, 
in accordance with the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial 
measures which may include providing additional collateral for its obligations under the relevant 
Indexed Currency Swap, arranging for its obligations under the relevant Indexed Currency Swap to be 
transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant

--- Page 182 ---
171 
 
Indexed Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency), 
procuring another entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as specified in the relevant 
Indexed Currency Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) 
to become a co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant 
Indexed Currency Swap or taking some other action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
Termination events 
The Indexed Currency Swap Agreements will or may be terminated under certain circumstances, 
including the following: 
(a) 
at the option of each Indexed Currency Swap Provider, if the Issuer is in breach of 
representations contained in the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement to register the 
relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement and each Indexed Currency Swap thereunder in 
the Cover Pool register; 
(b) 
at the option of one party to the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement, if there is a failure 
by the other party to pay any amounts due under that Indexed Currency Swap Agreement and 
any applicable grace period has expired; 
(c) 
at the option of the Issuer, upon the occurrence of an insolvency of the relevant Indexed 
Currency Swap Provider or its guarantor, or the merger of the relevant Indexed Currency Swap 
Provider without an assumption of its obligations under the relevant Indexed Currency Swap 
Agreement, or if a material misrepresentation is made by the relevant Currency Swap Provider 
under the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement, or if the relevant Indexed Currency 
Swap Provider defaults under an over-the-counter derivatives transaction under another 
agreement between the Issuer and such Indexed Currency Swap Provider or if a breach of a 
provision of the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement by the Indexed Currency Swap 
Provider is not remedied within the applicable grace period; 
(d) 
if a change in law results in the obligations of one party becoming illegal or if a force majeure 
event occurs; 
(e) 
at the option of the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Provider, if withholding taxes are imposed 
on payments made by the Issuer or by the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Provider under the 
relevant Indexed Currency Swap due to a change in law; 
(f) 
if the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Provider or its guarantor, as applicable, is downgraded 
and fails to comply with the requirements of the ratings downgrade provisions contained in the 
relevant Indexed Currency Swap Agreement and described above under "Ratings downgrade"; 
and 
(g) 
at the option of the relevant Indexed Currency Swap Provider, upon the redemption, 
prepayment or purchase of the Covered Bonds in whole or in part. 
Upon the occurrence of a swap early termination event, the Issuer or the relevant Indexed Currency 
Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other.  The amount of any 
termination payment will be based on a good faith determination of total losses and costs (or gains) as 
to entering into a swap with terms and conditions that would have the effect of preserving the economic 
equivalent of the respective full payment obligations of the parties (which may be determined following 
consideration of quotations sought from leading dealers, relevant market data and information from 
internal sources), and will include any unpaid amounts that became due and payable prior to 
termination.  Any such termination payment could be substantial and may affect the funds available to 
pay amounts due to the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 183 ---
172 
 
Covered Bondholders will not receive extra amounts (over and above interest and principal payable on 
the Covered Bonds) as a result of the Issuer receiving a termination payment from a Indexed Currency 
Swap Provider. 
Transfer 
Each Indexed Currency Swap Provider may, subject to certain conditions specified in the relevant 
Indexed Currency Swap Agreement, including the satisfaction of certain requirements of the rating 
agencies, transfer its obligations under any Indexed Currency Swap to another entity. 
Taxation 
Either party may be obliged to gross up payments made by it to the other party if withholding taxes are 
imposed on payments made under a Swap.  However, if due to a change in law, either the Issuer or the 
Swap Provider is required to gross up a payment under a Swap or to receive a payment under a Swap 
from which an amount has been deducted or withheld, either the Issuer or the relevant Swap Provider, 
as the case may be, may terminate the relevant Swap. 
The Indexed Currency Swap Agreements will be governed by English law. 
Eligibility Criteria for Swap Providers 
The Issuer will only enter into Swaps with entities which are "qualified counterparties" for the purposes 
of the Act on Covered Bonds (such Swaps, the Eligible Swaps). 
Deed of Covenant 
The Issuer has entered into a Deed of Covenant for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders, including 
amongst others, the following covenants: 
Relevant Reference Currency Swaps 
(a) 
In connection with an issuance of a Series of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency other 
than ISK and assigned a rating by S&P, in circumstances where the Issuer does not otherwise 
enter into a Currency Swap in connection with such issuance, the Issuer covenants to establish 
on or before the Issue Date of such Series and maintain and update (to the extent required) on 
a weekly basis in its books an account (a Collateral Reserve Account).  All amounts of cash 
and, if applicable, securities standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral Reserve Account 
will be denominated in the relevant currency and registered and updated (to the extent required) 
on a weekly basis in the Register so as to form part of the Cover Pool. 
(b) 
The Issuer shall within one Business Day of a relevant issuance and thereafter on a weekly 
basis (to the extent required under the terms of the Relevant Reference Currency Swap) credit 
and/or debit cash or securities to or from the relevant Collateral Reserve Account in accordance 
with paragraph (c) below. 
(c) 
The amount of cash or securities required to be maintained in the relevant Collateral Reserve 
Account will be equal to the amount commensurate with an “adequate” collateral framework 
assessment under the relevant S&P criteria that a Currency Swap Provider would have been 
required to maintain under the credit support annex forming part of an agreement in the form 
of the Relevant Reference Currency Swap Agreement if it had entered into such an agreement 
with the Issuer in connection with the relevant Series of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 184 ---
173 
 
(d) 
The Issuer may, at any time and in accordance with the provisions of the Deed of Covenant, 
enter into an agreement substantially in the form of the Relevant Reference Currency Swap 
Agreement (together with such amendments as may be agreed by the Issuer) with an eligible 
Currency Swap Provider and may use amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral 
Reserve Account to enter into a Currency Swap to exchange receipts from the assets comprising 
the Cover Pool payable in ISK and the currency of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
(e) 
Where a Currency Swap Agreement is entered into between the Issuer and an eligible Currency 
Swap Provider, such Currency Swap Agreement shall be registered in the Register so as to form 
part of the Cover Pool and the requirement to maintain the relevant Collateral Reserve Account 
pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall cease. 
(f) 
In the event that the Issuer does not enter into a Currency Swap with an eligible Currency Swap 
Provider in accordance with paragraph (d) the requirements of paragraph (a) shall continue to 
apply and amounts standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral Reserve Account from time 
to time will remain registered in the Register so as to form part of the Cover Pool and will be 
transferred to a corresponding Swap Collateral Account in accordance with the Issuer's 
obligations as to the establishment of Issuer Accounts (in respect of which see paragraph (a) of 
"Establishment of Issuer Accounts" below). 
(g) 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to ensure that any Currency Swap Agreement 
entered into pursuant to paragraph (d) includes a subordinated swap termination payment 
provision, such that any Early Termination Amount due and payable by the Issuer to the 
relevant Currency Swap Provider under the relevant Currency Swap Agreement following the 
occurrence of (i) an Event of Default or a Termination Event in respect of a Tax Event upon 
Merger where the Currency Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the sole Affected Party, 
respectively, or (ii) an Additional Termination Event in respect of the Currency Swap Provider 
following a ratings downgrade of such Currency Swap Provider shall be subordinated to all 
other amounts payable in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds.  
Asset Coverage Test 
(a) 
On each Monthly Calculation Date, the Issuer shall determine whether the then total value, 
without double counting, of: 
(i) 
the assets comprising the Cover Pool (including any amounts comprising the liquidity 
buffer required to be maintained in accordance with the Icelandic Act on Covered 
Bonds (the Cover Pool Value)) (calculated in accordance with the Act on Covered 
Bonds); 
(ii) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Collateral Reserve Account; and  
(iii) 
any cash amounts (excluding any amounts included in paragraph (ii) above) in any 
Issuer Account, 
(such total value amount being the ACT Assets Amount) exceeds the then total value of: 
(iv) 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds, together with all 
accrued interest thereon (provided that for the purpose of calculating such amounts in 
respect of any Series of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency other than ISK, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding (and such accrued interest) shall be calculated according 
to (i) the relevant prevailing spot exchange rate (as determined by the Issuer) on the 
relevant Monthly Calculation Date or (ii) if a Currency Swap has been entered into in 
respect of such Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant rate under that Currency Swap);

--- Page 185 ---
174 
 
(v) 
any other payment obligations that must be paid from the Cover Pool in accordance 
with the Act on Covered Bonds during the period to and including the next following 
Monthly Calculation Date; and 
(vi) 
the Deposit Set-off Amount, 
(such total value amount being the ACT Liabilities Amount) provided that if on such Monthly 
Calculation Date the ACT Assets Amount does not exceed the ACT Liabilities Amount (such 
determination, the Asset Coverage Test) the Asset Coverage Test shall be deemed to have 
been breached for the purpose of paragraph (b) below. 
(b) 
In the event of a breach of the Asset Coverage Test on a Monthly Calculation Date, the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to allocate sufficient additional assets to the Cover Pool and 
register such assets in the Register in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Asset 
Coverage Test is met on the next following Monthly Calculation Date. 
(c) 
In calculating the Cover Pool Value, subject to the provisions of paragraph (a)(iv) above, the 
value of any non-ISK denominated assets comprising the Cover Pool shall be converted into 
ISK on the basis of the exchange rate published by the Central Bank of Iceland as at such 
Monthly Calculation Date. 
Establishment of Issuer Accounts 
(a) 
If the Issuer ceases to be an Eligible Institution, the Issuer shall within 90 calendar days (or 
such longer period as may be agreed by S&P) following the first Business Day on which it 
ceases to be an Eligible Institution, establish one or more of the following bank accounts in its 
name with an Eligible Institution:  
(i) 
a transaction account denominated in ISK (the Transaction Account); 
(ii) 
an account comprising the liquidity buffer required to be maintained in accordance with 
the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
if required, a swap collateral cash and securities account denominated in the relevant 
currency in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds (each such account, a 
Swap Collateral Account and together with the Transaction Account , the Issuer 
Accounts). 
(b) 
Following the establishment of the Issuer Accounts in accordance with paragraph (a) above, 
the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
transfer all payments received from the Cover Pool (Cover Pool Revenue) to the 
Transaction Account within 3 Business Days of receipt by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
only if required in accordance with paragraph (g) of the section Relevant Reference 
Currency Swap above following the event described in paragraph (a) (of this section 
Establishment of Issuer Accounts), transfer all amounts standing to the credit of any 
Collateral Reserve Account to the relevant Swap Collateral Account and thereafter on 
a weekly basis (to the extent required) credit and/or debit cash or securities to or from 
the Swap Collateral Account in accordance with paragraph (c) of the section Relevant 
Reference Currency Swap above and continue to maintain and update (to the extent 
required) on a weekly basis thereafter, a record of such amounts on the relevant 
Collateral Reserve Account;

--- Page 186 ---
175 
 
(iii) 
provide, or procure the provision of, servicing, administration and cash management 
services with respect to the Cover Pool Revenue and the operation of the Issuer 
Accounts; 
(iv) 
create security over each Issuer Account for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders; 
and 
(v) 
take all necessary steps to register the Issuer Accounts and the amounts standing to the 
credit of the Issuer Accounts in the Register. 
(c) 
In the event that any Eligible Institution appointed pursuant to paragraph (a) ceases to be an 
Eligible Institution, the Issuer will be obliged to transfer the relevant Issuer Account to a credit 
institution with the appropriate minimum ratings. 
Obligations of the Issuer 
(a) 
The obligations of the Issuer under the aforementioned sections, Asset Coverage Test and 
Establishment of Issuer Accounts shall only apply: 
(i) 
to the extent that compliance with such obligations is required to maintain the ratings 
of the relevant Series of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
in respect of the Issuer's obligations under Establishment of Issuer Accounts only, 
during such time that the Issuer does not maintain the required ratings specified in 
Establishment of Issuer Accounts and shall cease at any time that the Issuer satisfies 
the relevant rating; and 
(iii) 
to the extent that any mitigants as may be agreed with S&P for the purposes of 
maintaining the rating of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds are not otherwise 
available. 
(b) 
The obligations of the Issuer under Establishment of Issuer Accounts shall cease to apply in 
their entirety if its long-term issuer credit rating by S&P is at any time at least BBB- (or such 
other lower rating as may be agreed by S&P), notwithstanding any subsequent downgrade of 
the long-term issuer credit rating of the Issuer by S&P. 
(c) 
Any failure by the Issuer to comply with the obligations under Relevant Reference Currency 
Swaps, Asset Coverage Test or Establishment of Issuer Accounts will not result in any events 
of default relating to the Issuer, accordingly payments under the Covered Bonds will not be 
accelerated in such circumstances and any such failure by the Issuer to comply with these 
obligations will not entitle Covered Bondholders to accelerate the Covered Bonds. 
(d) 
Any failure by the Issuer to comply with the obligations under Relevant Reference Currency 
Swaps, Asset Coverage Test or Establishment of Issuer Accounts will result in the Issuer not 
being able to issue further Covered Bonds whilst such failure is continuing. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Issuer will be able to continue issuing non-rated Covered Bonds denominated in 
ISK. 
The defined terms used in this section Deed of Covenant shall have the following meanings: 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business in London;

--- Page 187 ---
176 
 
Cover Pool means the pool of eligible assets recorded in the Register maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds; 
Currency Swap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, schedule, credit support annex (if 
applicable) and confirmation(s) (as amended and supplemented from time to time) relating to the 
Currency Swap(s) entered into from time to time between the Issuer and each Currency Swap Provider; 
Currency Swap Provider means any reference or actual (as the context requires) third party 
counterparty; 
Currency Swap means a currency swap which enables the Issuer to hedge currency risks arising from 
(a) Covered Bonds which are issued in currencies other than ISK and (b) if required, assets (other than 
bonds as defined in Article 2 of the Act on Covered Bonds which are issued by borrowers and as 
described in Article 5 of the Act on Covered Bonds) which are registered to the Cover Pool and are 
denominated in ISK; 
Deposit Set-off Amount means (i) nil, (A) if the rating assigned to the covered bonds is A- and the 
Issuer's long-term issuer credit rating is at least BBB- by S&P, or (B) if the rating assigned to the 
covered bonds by S&P is no longer A- and the Issuer's long-term issuer credit rating meets the 
requirement specified in S&P's methodology at the relevant time, or (ii) if (i) is not applicable, the 
"Potential Set-Off Amount" calculated pursuant to the relevant S&P rating methodology; 
Eligible Institution means any bank whose long-term issuer credit rating is at least BBB- by S&P (or 
such other rating as may be agreed by S&P); 
Monthly Calculation Date means the last Business Day of each month; 
Register has the meaning given to it in the Act on Covered Bonds; 
Relevant Reference Currency Swap Agreement means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds 
which are denominated in a currency other than ISK, an agreement in the form of an ISDA 2002 Master 
Agreement including the Schedule and Credit Support Annex thereto, together with the relevant form 
of currency swap confirmation for a Currency Swap, in each case in the form annexed to the applicable 
Series Deed of Covenant; 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited;  
Series Deed of Covenant means a deed of covenant prepared in relation to a particular Series of 
Covered Bonds including the applicable form of Relevant Reference Currency Swap Agreement, and 
applicable Series Deed of Covenant shall mean the Series Deed of Covenant applicable to the relevant 
particular Series of Covered Bonds; and 
The Deed of Covenant is governed by English Law.

--- Page 188 ---
177 
 
15. 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the CSD (together, the Clearing Systems) 
currently in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to 
confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. None of the Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Covered Bonds held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
In light of the existing withholding tax regime in Iceland, the clearing of the Covered Bonds through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be subject to confirmation that the relevant registration 
requirements with the Icelandic authorities have been completed. 
Book-entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective account holders.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships.  Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across 
which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Transfers of Covered Bonds represented by Registered Global Covered Bonds 
Transfers of any interests in Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Covered Bond within 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and 
operating procedures of the relevant clearing system.  
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Covered Bonds 
described under "Subscription and sale and Selling Restrictions", and directly or indirectly through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, will be effected by the relevant clearing system 
in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any 
custodian with whom the relevant Registered Global Covered Bonds have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Covered Bonds of such Series between 
accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date three 
business days after the trade date (T+3).  The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will 
apply to such transfers. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds among participants 
and accountholders of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or

--- Page 189 ---
178 
 
changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any 
performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants 
or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments 
made on account of beneficial interests in the Covered Bonds represented by Registered Global Covered 
Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 190 ---
179 
 
16. 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the 
consequences, under the tax laws of Iceland and the countries of their respective citizenship, residence 
or domicile, of a purchase of Covered Bonds, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipt 
of payments under the Covered Bonds and their disposal or redemption. 
Iceland Taxation  
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Issuer’s understanding of current law and 
practice in Iceland.  This is not tax advice but a mere general overview of Icelandic rules. Prospective 
holders of the Covered Bonds who are in any doubt as to their personal tax position or who may be 
subject to tax in any other jurisdiction, should consult their professional advisers. 
In light of the existing withholding tax regime in Iceland as regards non-residents, the clearing of the 
Covered Bonds through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be subject to confirmation that 
the relevant registration requirements with the Icelandic authorities have been completed. 
Icelandic residents 
Icelandic residents are subject to tax on any interest income derived by them from the Covered 
Bonds, individuals at 22 per cent. and companies at the rate of 20 per cent. and taxable partnerships at 
the rate of 37.6 per cent.  The Issuer is liable to withhold tax on interest payments to Icelandic residents 
and companies at the rate of 22 per cent.  In the case of companies, the withholding tax shall be a 
provisional payment up to the expected income tax. However, while interest payments on the Covered 
Bonds remain exempt from tax in relation to non-Icelandic residents, as a result of the registration of 
the Covered Bonds with the Directorate of Internal Revenue (as described under “Non-Icelandic 
residents” below), the Directorate of Internal Revenue has confirmed that the Issuer does not need to 
withhold tax on any interest payments to Covered Bondholders unless it is aware of any such Covered 
Bondholders being Icelandic residents. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Covered Bonds are subject to the same tax as interest income of Icelandic 
residents. 
Non-Icelandic residents 
Non-Icelandic residents are not subject to Icelandic tax on any interest income derived by them from 
the Covered Bonds provided the Covered Bonds are registered with a securities depository within the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the European Economic Area or a member 
of the European Free Trade Association or the Faroe Islands, and the Issuer has registered any Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme with the Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland and received 
confirmation of exemption for the Covered Bonds from such taxation, all in accordance with point 8 of 
the first Paragraph of Article 3 of the ITA. The Issuer will provide a certificate of such tax exemption 
for each issue of Covered Bonds. 
In the event that the Issuer is required to withhold tax then the provisions of Condition 10 will apply 
and the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Covered Bonds are classified as interest and should thus not be subject 
to tax in Iceland, provided that the aforementioned confirmation of exemption has been granted in 
respect of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 191 ---
180 
 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax (FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.   
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in 
a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Covered Bonds are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in 
relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) imposes a 30 per cent. United States withholding 
tax on certain United States source payments, including interest (and original issue discount), dividends 
(and dividend equivalents), or other fixed or determinable annual or periodical gain, profits, and income 
(Withholdable Payments), if paid to a foreign financial institution (including amounts paid to a foreign 
financial institution on behalf of a holder), unless such institution enters into an agreement with the 
United States Treasury Department to collect and provide to the United States Treasury Department 
certain information regarding United States account holders, including certain account holders that are 
foreign entities with United States owners or otherwise complies with FATCA, or such institution is 
otherwise exempt from withholding under FATCA.  A Covered Bond may constitute a “financial 
account” for these purposes and thus, be subject to information reporting requirements pursuant to 
FATCA. 
In addition, under FATCA, “passthru payments” made by a foreign financial institution to “recalcitrant 
holders” or non-compliant foreign financial institutions are subject to a 30 per cent. United States 
withholding tax.  A "recalcitrant holder" generally is a holder of an account with a foreign financial 
institution that fails to comply with reasonable requests for information that will help enable the relevant 
foreign financial institution to comply with its reporting requirements.  Pursuant to United States 
Treasury Department regulations, a passthru payment is any Withholdable Payment and any “foreign 
passthru payment”, which has yet to be defined.  Under the regulations and other guidance, the 30 per 
cent. United States withholding tax on “recalcitrant holders” or non-compliant foreign financial 
institutions may be imposed on non-United States source payments made by the Issuer with respect to 
the Covered Bonds no earlier than the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining the term foreign pass thru payment are published in the United Stated Federal Register. 
If the Issuer determines withholding is appropriate with respect to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer will 
withhold tax at the applicable statutory rate without being required to pay any additional amounts with

--- Page 192 ---
181 
 
respect to amounts so withheld.  However, the withholding tax will not be imposed on payments 
pursuant to obligations giving rise to Withholdable Payments solely because payments are treated as 
foreign passthru payments if the obligation is executed on or before the date of that is six months after 
the date on which final regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the United 
States Federal Register.  Holders are urged to consult with their own tax advisers regarding the possible 
implications of FATCA on their investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 193 ---
182 
 
17. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement dated 8 April 2022, as amended and restated on 6 
September 2022 and on 11 April 2023 (the Programme Agreement), agreed with the Issuer a basis 
upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds.  Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Covered Bonds” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds”.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue 
of Covered Bonds under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA 
D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds (a) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of 
all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities 
Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Covered Bonds during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer or sale 
of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 194 ---
183 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
If the Final Terms, specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in 
relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation 
to any Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 195 ---
184 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it 
may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation 
to any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and UK Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 196 ---
185 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Covered Bonds in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Norway  
Covered Bonds denominated in Norwegian kroner may not be offered or sold within Norway or outside 
Norway to Norwegian citizens abroad, without the Covered Bonds prior thereto having been registered 
in the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary. 
Japan  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Iceland  
The investment described in this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered for public 
distribution in Iceland with the FSA-Iceland pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge and agree, that this Base Prospectus may be distributed only to, and 
may be directed only at, persons who are (i) qualified investors under the private placement exemption 
of Article 1 Item 4 as defined in Article 2 Item e of the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) other persons to 
whom this Base Prospectus may be communicated lawfully in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation (all such persons together being referred to as the Relevant Persons).  This Base Prospectus 
must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons.  Any investment or 
investment activity to which this Base Prospectus relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will 
be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.  Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or 
rely on this Base Prospectus or any of its contents.  This Base Prospectus must not be distributed, 
published, reproduced or disclosed (in whole or in part) by recipients to any other persons. 
The People’s Republic of China  
The Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the People’s Republic of China 
(excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) (the PRC) or to residents of the PRC unless such offer or 
sale is made in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the PRC.    
Hong Kong  
The Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than 
(i) to persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or

--- Page 197 ---
186 
 
agent); or (ii) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) 
of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (iii) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to 
the public within the meaning of that Ordinance. 
No person may issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or 
elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Covered Bonds, which is directed 
at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Covered Bonds 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional 
investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong (Cap. 571) and any rules 
made under that Ordinance. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold any Covered Bonds or caused the Covered Bonds to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds or cause the 
Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Covered 
Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA.  
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant 
person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 198 ---
187 
 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Covered Bonds described herein. The Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, 
in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has 
or will be made to admit the Covered Bonds to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Covered Bonds constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Republic of Italy 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation 
and, accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Financial Services Act) and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (a) or (b) above 
must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time), Legislative Decree 
No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Italian Banking Act), and any other applicable 
laws and regulations; and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as 
amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent,

--- Page 199 ---
188 
 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have 
any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 200 ---
189 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of the Covered Bonds have been duly authorised by 
resolutions of the meetings of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 23 March 2010, 1 December 
2010, 25 October 2011, 10 May 2017, 21 March 2018, 6 May 2020, 11 March 2021, 10 February 2022 
and 4 April 2023. 
Listing of Covered Bonds 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market.  The Regulated Market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID. 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to 
listing on the Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin or any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the life of this Base Prospectus, the following documents will, when published, be available for 
inspection at https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/product/about/funding: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Covered Bonds, the 
Covered Bonds in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including 
Final Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to Exempt Covered Bonds will only be available 
for inspection by a holder of such Covered Bond and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and any relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds and 
identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms 
relating to Covered Bonds listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  Copies of Final Terms relating to Covered 
Bonds which are admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the EEA, will be published in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and 
otherwise in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 201 ---
190 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds (other than CSD Covered Bonds) have been accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are the entities in charge of keeping the records.  The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The relevant ISIN and (if 
applicable) common code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The appropriate securities 
code for each Tranche of CSD Covered Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of CSD Covered Bonds, the CSD is the entity in charge of keeping the records. If the Covered 
Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.  The addresses of the registered offices of the Nasdaq CSD Iceland and Verðbréfamiðstöð 
Íslands CSD are Laugavegur 182, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland and Fiskislóð 31 A, 101 Reykjavík 
respectively. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group 
since 31 December 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2022. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed below, there are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Group is 
aware) which may have, or have had, during the twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, 
individually or in the aggregate, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Group. 
Borgun hf. Landsbankinn  
Borgun hf., (currently SaltPay IIB hf.) a former subsidiary of Íslandsbanki, is a payment acquirer and 
issuing processor. Landsbankinn hf. sold its 31.2% stake in Borgun hf. in late 2014. Landsbankinn 
claims that Borgun's management did not disclose all available information that might have affected 
the value of Borgun during the sales process, namely the value of its stake in Visa Europe which was 
sold to Visa International shortly after the Borgun sale. In order to reclaim the alleged loss, 
Landsbankinn filed a lawsuit against Borgun and others on 12 January 2017, claiming the right to 
damages for having been deprived of the true value of the stake involved in the sale. Landsbankinn does 
not quantify the claim, but its estimate of the lost profit from having sold its shares in Borgun is 
approximately ISK 1,930 million. Court appointed senior assessors presented their reassessment in 
April 2021 which corroborates the previous assessment of Borgun's obligation to disclose. Furthermore, 
the senior assessors estimated that Borgun's share in Visa as of 31 December 2013 would have 
amounted to at least ISK 387 million. The hearing of the case in front of the District Court of Reykjavík 
is scheduled in the first quarter of 2023.

--- Page 202 ---
191 
 
On 11 March 2020, the Bank signed an agreement to sell its 63.47% stake in Borgun hf. to SaltPay Co 
Ltd. and concluded the sale on 7 July 2020. In the agreement the Bank undertook to reimburse 63.47% 
of losses incurred by Borgun or the buyer as a result of an unfavourable outcome in the Landsbankinn 
case, however such reimbursement was never to exceed the Bank's share in the purchase price. The 
Group has not recognised a provision in relation to this matter. 
105 Miðborg slhf. - ÍAV hf. 
In February 2021 the alternative investor fund 105 Miðborg slhf., operated by Íslandssjóðir hf. (Iceland 
Funds hf.), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, terminated its contractor agreement with ÍAV hf., 
a contractor that had been retained for a real estate project at Kirkjusandur in the centre of Reykjavík. 
The main reason for the termination was the alleged non-performance and delays in the construction of 
one building on the premises. The contractor, ÍAV, has claimed approximately ISK 3,829 million in 
damages plus late payment interest and legal costs from 105 Miðborg and Iceland Funds for the alleged 
unlawful termination. The suit was filed on 11 May 2021 at the District Court of Reykjavík. 
Additionally, 105 Miðborg has filed a case against ÍAV claiming approximately ISK 3,878 million in 
damages plus late payment interest and legal cost due to alleged delays and significant breaches of 
contract. The Bank owns a 8.25 per cent. stake in 105 Miðborg. The Group has not recognised a 
provision in respect of this matter. 
The Consumers' Association of Iceland 
In December 2021 three customers, sponsored by the Consumers' Association of Iceland, commenced 
litigation against the Bank, demanding that the court rules that certain provisions of their residential 
mortgages, governing variable interest rates, be deemed illegal and unenforceable and demand the 
repayment any of overpaid interest.  
Firstly, two of the cases, were brought by customers owing CPI linked mortgages, that contain a certain 
interest resetting provision, that the Supreme Court found in its ruling on case no. 623/2016, could not 
be used by the Bank to reset interest rates. Following the judgement, the Bank repaid its customers any 
interest that the Bank had charged in excess of the originally agreed interest rate and returned the 
affected loans to their original interest rates. In the case now brought to the courts, the customers 
maintain that instead of the originally agreed interest rates, their loans should incur interest rates 
pursuant to article 4 of Act no. 38/2001 on interest and price indexation. An unfavourable finding by 
the court may have an influence on the Bank's portfolio of loans and fully paid loans that contained the 
resetting provision, disputed in case no. 623/2016. The Group estimates that the financial impact of an 
unfavourable ruling in an adverse scenario could lie in the range of ISK 3 to 5 billion. 
Secondly, a case has been brought against the Bank by a customer owing a non-index linked mortgage 
bearing variable interest rates. The plaintiff maintains that the terms governing the variable interest rates 
are invalid and may not be used by the Bank as basis for setting interest rates, and that therefore the 
originally agreed interest rate should remain fixed during the term of the loan. An unfavourable ruling 
in this case may affect all indexed and non-index linked mortgages bearing variable interest rates, as 
well as any loans bearing fixed interest rates to be reset on a predefined date. 
In April 2022, the plaintiffs in two of the cases submitted claims that an advisory opinion by the EFTA 
Court should be requested on the interpretation of certain provisions in directives incorporated into the 
EEA Agreement. On 13 December 2022, the District Court issued its rulings. In the case involving a 
CPI linked mortgage, the Court rejected the plaintiff's request. In the case involving a non-indexed 
linked mortgage, the District Court decided to request an advisory opinion from the EFTA Court on 
part of the issues raised by the plaintiff. The timing of the EFTA Court's advisory opinion is uncertain, 
as well as its impact on the case.

--- Page 203 ---
192 
 
It is disputed in the three cases whether the terms of the Bank's mortgages, and the method used by the 
Bank to set variable interest rates, is in compliance with the Act on Mortgage Lending to Consumers 
no. 118/2016. That act is in this respect similar to the terms of Act no. 33/2013 on Consumer Credit. 
An unfavourable finding could therefore affect other loans to consumers bearing variable interest rates. 
Furthermore, the Bank has received information requests from a legal firm representing over 1,200 
customers of Icelandic commercial banks and loan institutions they deem to have a comparable right. 
In the event of an unfavourable ruling and a subsequent finding that the affected loans should bear a 
fixed rate of interest instead of a variable interest rate, the Bank's interest rate risk would rise 
significantly, that could lead to a significant financial loss in the event of adverse developments of 
interest rates in the capital markets. The Bank believes that this is a very unlikely scenario. The Bank 
has reviewed the terms of its mortgages, other loan contracts and the methods used for the setting and 
resetting of variable interest rates in light of the above claims. The Bank believes that the claims of the 
plaintiffs are unfounded and has not recognised a provision with regard to this matter. 
EC Clear ehf. 
In August 2021, EC Clear ehf., a former owner of a payment processing company, filed a suit jointly 
against the Issuer and four other financial institutions claiming damages in the amount of ISK 923 
million plus interest from June 2013, resulting from a breach of competition law that allegedly took 
place during the period from 2003 to 2013. This was the sixth time the case had been brought before 
the courts for this purpose, after previous cases had been dismissed. On 30 September 2022, the District 
Court of Reykjavík dismissed the case. On 10 January 2023, the Court of Appeal partly reversed the 
dismissal and ordered the District Court to hear the case in substance. The hearing of the case has not 
been decided. The Group has not recognised a provision in relation to this matter. 
Initial Findings of the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland 
On 9 January 2023, the Issuer announced that it had received the preliminary findings from the FSA 
inspection into the Offering. In the findings, the FSA indicates its view that the Issuer may have violated 
certain laws and regulations applicable to its operations. The FSA pointed out its powers to impose 
administrative fines and to conclude cases with a settlement. The Issuer has requested that the case be 
concluded with a settlement. The management of the Issuer takes the FSA's findings seriously. The 
Issuer has responded to certain sections in the preliminary findings and will complete a response to the 
FSA by mid-February and expects the FSA's response in due course. Following the Offering, the Issuer 
has made changes to its internal rules and procedures and will, subject to the outcome of its internal 
review and discussions with the FSA, continue to implement appropriate measures. The amount of the 
potential administrative fine has not been decided and is therefore uncertain. The Issuer has, however, 
recognised an undisclosed provision based on its own internal estimate. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young ehf., State Authorised Public Accountants of Borgartùni 
30, 105 Reykjavik, Iceland, who have audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, without qualification, 
which were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU for each of the three financial years 
ended 31 December 2022, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
The auditors are members of The Institute of State Authorised Public Accountants and are independent 
within the meaning of Independent State Authorised Public Accountant.

--- Page 204 ---
193 
 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various 
activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial 
advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and 
brokerage activities.  Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have, directly or indirectly, performed 
investment and commercial banking or financial advisory services for the Issuer, for which they have 
received customary fees and commissions, and they expect to provide these services to the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the future, for which they also expect to receive customary fees and commissions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in the Issuer’s securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds.  Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Covered Bonds.  The Dealers 
and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of such 
Covered Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date 
of the Covered Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price and on the basis of the rate of interest as 
at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity 
as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Websites 
In this Base Prospectus, reference to websites or uniform resource locators are inactive textual 
references.  The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
Original language references 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 205 ---
194 
 
ISSUER and CSD AGENT 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
Hagasmári 3 
201 Kópavogur 
Iceland 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND 
TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
Mayer Brown International LLP 
201 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 3AF 
United Kingdom  
 
To the Issuer and Dealers as to Icelandic law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
LOGOS 
Efstaleiti 5 
103 Reykjavík 
Iceland 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young ehf.  
Borgartùni 30 
105 Reykjavik 
Iceland 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland