--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
U.S.$2,500,000,000                                                                                    
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the U.S.$2,500,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), 
Íslandsbanki hf. (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, Bearer Notes and Registered Notes) or in uncertificated and dematerialised form 
(VPS Notes) and cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Euronext VPS).  As more fully 
described herein, Notes may be issued on a (i) senior preferred basis (Senior Preferred Notes); (ii) senior non-preferred basis (Senior Non-
Preferred Notes); or (iii) subordinated basis (Subordinated Notes), in each case, as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein.  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$2,500,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement (as defined herein)), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. Without 
prejudice to the other risks described in “Risk Factors”, potential investors should note that in a winding-up of the Issuer, under current 
Icelandic law, holders of senior unsecured unsubordinated notes, described herein as Senior Preferred Notes (and, therefore, also 
Subordinated Noteholders) will rank behind certain depositors of the Issuer and, under the Hierarchy of Claims Bill (as defined herein) 
currently before the Icelandic Parliament, Senior Preferred Noteholders (and, therefore, also Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated 
Noteholders) will rank behind all depositors of the Issuer. See “Risk Factors –The claims of holders of senior unsecured unsubordinated 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes will be subordinated to claims of the Issuer’s depositors in the event of a 
winding-up” and Condition 3.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area (the EEA). Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market (the 
Regulated Market). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Reference in this Base Prospectus to Notes being 
"listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. 
The Issuer has senior unsecured debt ratings of BBB (long term debt) and A-2 (short term debt) from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus.  S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The 
Programme is rated by S&P, with Senior Preferred Notes maturing in one year or more assigned a rating of BBB, and Senior Preferred Note 
maturing in less than one year assigned a rating of A-2. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by S&P or by another rating 
agency. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (FSMA) only applies to Notes which are admitted to trading on a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets

--- Page 2 ---
in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (UK MiFIR) and/or 
offered to the public in the United Kingdom (UK) other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation and the FSMA. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or with any state 
securities commission or any other United States regulatory authority and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to United States tax law 
requirements. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.   
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers 
Barclays 
 BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank  
Goldman Sachs International 
J.P. Morgan  
Morgan Stanley 
Nomura 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 29 April 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement for each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. The information in the sections entitled “The 
Republic of Iceland” and “Financial Markets in Iceland” on pages 142 to 145 has been extracted from 
publications by the National Economic Institute, the Ministry of Finance and the Central Bank of 
Iceland, where indicated as such. The Issuer confirms that, in each case, such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by those sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this 
Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this 
document does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
In relation to any Tranche, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such Tranche, the interest (if 
any) payable in respect of the Notes of such Tranche, the issue price and certain other information 
which is relevant to such Tranche will be set out in a final terms document (Final Terms) or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (Pricing Supplement) substantially in the form set out 
under “Form of Final Terms” and “Form of Pricing Supplement”, respectively, below.  
In relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the Final Terms will be filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms 
relating to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. Copies of Final Terms will also be available from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the offices of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined below). 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to 
their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, Iceland and 
Norway), the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK and Japan, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) with respect to the EEA 
only in circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus.  As a result, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA 
must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Notes.  Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an 
offer of Notes in that EEA Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer.  Further, this Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any 
Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will 
with respect to the UK only be offered to the public pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the 
FSMA. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in any Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it:

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
currency in which such investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the 
terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved.  The Notes have not been 
approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other 
securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing 
authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Dealers and the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws.  Any investor in the Notes should be able to 
bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, such Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, such Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A distributor (as 
defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result 
that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to update the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement to 
reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.   
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” 
which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA). 
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes 
being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the SFA. Any such legend included on the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will constitute notice to “relevant 
persons” for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the consolidated financial information of the Issuer as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from the 
audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2020, 2019 and 2018 (together, the Annual Financial Statements), which have been 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Annual Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as adopted by the European Union (EU).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed thereto in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the 
figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.  
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; to Sterling 
and £ refer to pounds sterling; and to ISK, króna or krónur refer to the currency of Iceland. In 
addition, all references to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s intentions, beliefs 
or current expectations and projections about its future business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies and opportunities and the 
markets in which it operates.  They include statements concerning the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, 
strategies, future operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking 
statements.  When used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “projects”, 
“expects”, “believes”, “hopes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “would”, “could”, 
“should”, and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements.  These forward 
looking statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of the Issuer” 
and other sections of this Base Prospectus.  The Issuer has based these forward looking statements on 
the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance, taking 
into account information currently available to the Issuer.  Although the Issuer believes that the 
expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including 
those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of 
the Issuer's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer's actual results of 
operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. The Issuer’s beliefs, assumptions and 
expectations can change as a result of possible events or factors, not all of which are known to the 
Issuer or are within its control. If a change occurs, the Issuer’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies or opportunities 
may vary materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these forward-looking statements. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
 
the Issuer's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
 
the performance of the markets in Iceland and the wider region in which the Issuer operates; 
 
the Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and 
investments it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
 
the Issuer's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its 
existing and future investments and projects;

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and 
its customers operate; and 
 
actions taken by the Issuer's joint venture partners that may not be in accordance with its 
policies and objectives. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the 
Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base 
Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained herein to reflect any 
change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such 
forward looking statement is based. 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 11 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 33 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 35 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 42 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 47 
Form of Pricing Supplement ............................................................................................................................ 63 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 77 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 126 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 128 
The Republic of Iceland ................................................................................................................................. 142 
Financial Markets in Iceland .......................................................................................................................... 144 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 146 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 148 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 154

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of risk factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  It is 
not possible to identify all such risk factors, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant risk factors and 
certain risk factors which it currently deems to be non-material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number 
of risk factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under 
the Notes. 
In addition, risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in (or 
otherwise incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Set forth below are certain risks that could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s future business, operating 
results or financial condition. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer's Business Activities and Industry 
The Issuer is subject to credit risk and may be unable to sufficiently assess credit risk of potential borrowers 
and may provide advances to customers that increase credit risk exposure 
The Issuer undertakes credit risk by offering loans, guarantees and other credit products. Credit risk is the 
primary risk factor in the Issuer’s operations and taking on credit risk is a core activity of the Issuer. Credit 
risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from an obligor’s potential 
failure to meet the terms of any contract with the Issuer. Failure to accurately assess credit risk could 
increase credit risk exposure which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition. 
Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may be unable to meet their obligations 
towards the Issuer 
Accurate and comprehensive financial information and other credit information may be limited for certain 
types of borrowers such as small enterprises or individuals. Despite any credit risk determination procedures 
the Issuer has in place, the Issuer may be unable to evaluate correctly the current financial condition of each 
prospective borrower to determine their long-term financial viability. Failure to address any risks associated 
with any borrower may lead to higher risk and could materially affect the Issuer’s business. As at 31 
December 2020, the Issuer’s maximum exposure to credit risk amounted to ISK 1,470bn. Credit risk 
accounted for 89 per cent. of capital requirements under Pillar 1.  
The Issuer is subject to counterparty risk which may have an adverse effect on its cost of funds 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality 
of the Issuer’s borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration in the Icelandic economy or global 
economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in the financial markets, could affect the recoverability 
and value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in its provision for bad and doubtful debts and other 
provisions. To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies the Issuer uses to hedge or otherwise

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
manage its exposure to credit risk are not effective, it may not be able to mitigate effectively its risk 
exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk. The Issuer's earnings will 
depend upon how its critical accounting estimates prove accurate and upon how effectively it determines and 
assesses the cost of credit and manages its risk concentrations. To the extent its assessments of migrations in 
credit quality and of risk concentrations, or its assumptions or estimates used in establishing its valuation 
models for the fair value of its assets and liabilities or for its loan loss reserves, prove inaccurate or not 
predictive of actual results, it could suffer higher than anticipated losses. 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio is concentrated in certain industries and borrowers 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s loan portfolio to customers was exposed to concentration in certain 
industry sectors, namely individuals (43 per cent.), real estate (15.6 per cent.), commerce and services (12.1 
per cent.), the seafood industry (12.1 per cent.), industrial and transportation (8 per cent.) and, through 
various industry sectors, the tourism industry. The Issuer’s financial condition is sensitive to downturns in 
these industries and the consequent inability of the Issuer’s customers to meet their obligations towards the 
Issuer. Declines in the financial condition of the Issuer’s largest borrowers could also materially affect the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In terms of geographic credit concentration 
most of the Issuer’s activities are in Iceland but the Issuer maintains a certain amount of international 
activities. The overseas strategy is built on a heritage of servicing the core industries in Iceland, primarily 
focusing on the seafood industry. The strategy focuses on the North Atlantic region, including Canada, the 
United States and Norway. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s credit risk and credit concentration risk 
accounted for 85 per cent. of the total capital requirements.  
Increases in the Issuer’s loan losses or allowances for loan losses may have an adverse effect on its results 
The Issuer’s banking businesses establish provisions for loan losses, which are reflected in the provision for 
credit losses on its income statement, in order to maintain its allowance for loan losses at a level which is 
deemed to be appropriate by management based upon an assessment of prior loss experience, the volume and 
type of lending being conducted by each entity, industry standards, past due loans, economic conditions and 
other factors related to the collectability of the loan portfolio.  Although the Issuer’s management uses its 
best efforts to establish the provision for loan losses, that determination is subject to significant judgment, 
and the Issuer’s banking businesses may have to increase or decrease their provisions for loan losses in the 
future as a result of increases or decreases in non-performing assets or for other reasons.  To the extent its 
assumptions or estimates used in establishing its valuation models for the fair value of its assets and 
liabilities or for its loan loss reserves prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, it could suffer 
higher than anticipated losses. Any increase in the provision for loan losses, any loan losses in excess of the 
previously determined provisions with respect thereto or changes in the estimate of the risk of loss inherent 
in the portfolio of non-impaired loans could have a material effect on the Issuer’s results of operations and 
financial condition.  
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s credit risk can be found in section 4 of the Issuer’s Pillar 3 
Report 2020 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is subject to market risks which may have material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of 
operations 
Market risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from adverse 
movements in the level or volatility of prices of market instruments, such as those that arise from changes in 
interest rates, inflation, equity prices and foreign exchange rates. Market risk is a key risk to the Issuer’s 
operations. The Issuer takes on market risk as a part of its business strategy. 
Market risk at the Issuer is split into two categories: risk in the trading book and risk in the banking book. 
Market risk due to mismatches in assets and liabilities with respect to currencies, interest reset dates and 
CPI- indexation falls in the banking book. Market risk in the banking book also includes exposures held for 
long-term investment purposes, in unlisted securities and holdings in subsidiaries or affiliates. Market risk

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
exposures in the trading book arise in relation to short-term and medium-term trading in securities, 
currencies and other capital market instruments. Market risk in the trading book primarily arises from flow 
trading and market-making activities in listed securities, mainly equities and government bonds, as well as 
from bond holdings in the Issuer's liquidity portfolio. The Issuer is also exposed to currency risk in the 
trading book. The Issuer has controls in place to limit its trading book exposure; however, these controls may 
not be effective in all circumstances, and the Issuer could experience material losses in its trading book. The 
Issuer could also experience significant variations in its consolidated income statement in the Annual 
Financial Statements due to movements in the market value of marked to market securities. The Issuer's asset 
management division is also subject to market risk as there could be fluctuations in the markets in which the 
asset management operations hold assets. 
Changes in interest rates may impact the Issuer’s results 
The results of the Issuer’s operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity. Interest rate 
sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in market interest rates and changes in net interest 
income and investment income. The composition of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, and any gap position 
resulting from the composition, causes the interest income to vary as interest rates change. In addition, 
variations in interest rate sensitivity may exist within the re-pricing periods or between the different 
currencies in which the Issuer holds interest rate positions. A mismatch of interest earning assets and interest 
bearing liabilities in any given period may, in the event of changes in interest rates, have a material effect on 
the financial condition or results of operations of the Issuer’s business. The Issuer might in some cases have 
limited ability to raise interest rates and margins on loans, without it resulting in increased impairments at the 
same time.  The Issuer’s management of interest rate risk does not completely eliminate the effect of those 
factors on its performance. 
Price fluctuations of financial investments in the Issuer’s portfolio could materially affect the Issuer’s results 
of operations and financial condition 
The Issuer has an investment portfolio that includes mainly debt securities. If the price of these securities 
declines, this could substantially reduce the value of the Issuer’s securities portfolio. These securities are 
measured at fair value at the end of each financial period, and declines in the market value of the portfolio 
could accordingly materially affect the Issuer’s profitability, even if those declines have not been realised 
through the sale of the relevant securities. Price fluctuations could also materially affect the Issuer’s 
regulatory capital and the capital ratios that the Issuer is required to maintain under applicable law. 
The Issuer is also subject to the equity risk in its trading portfolios and in its banking book. The Issuer's 
equity risk arises from flow trading, market making, shares acquired through restructuring of companies, and 
strategic investments. Equity exposure in the trading book decreased in 2020 with an average position of ISK 
1.3bn. The maximum equity exposure in the trading book was ISK 2.3bn in 2020. Equity exposure in the 
banking book, including fair value shares and shares held for sale amounted ISK 5.8bn at the end of 2020.  
Changes in the inflation rate may negatively affect the profit and loss of the Issuer 
The Issuer is also exposed to inflation risk (CPI risk) since assets linked to the Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
exceed liabilities linked to the CPI. The value of these assets and liabilities changes according to changes in 
the CPI at any given time and all changes in the CPI affect the profit and loss of the Issuer. The total CPI-
linked imbalance of the Issuer amounted to ISK 26.2bn as at 31 December 2020. Accordingly, changes in the 
inflation rate may negatively affect the profit and loss of the Issuer and could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s operations and financial condition. 
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s market risk can be found in section 5 of the Issuer’s Pillar 3 
Report 2020 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
The Issuer is subject to liquidity risk which may have an adverse effect on its results 
The Issuer defines liquidity risk as the risk of not being able to fund its financial obligations or planned 
growth, or only being able to do so substantially above the prevailing market cost of funds.  The Issuer’s 
liquidity risk policy assumes that the Issuer always strives to exceed regulatory liquidity ratio limits.  The 
Issuer's main source of funding is customer deposits, which amounted to ISK 679,455 million as at 31 
December 2020.  Key measures for the assessment of liquidity risk are the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). At 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s LCR was 196 per cent. and the 
NSFR was 123 per cent. The inability of the Issuer to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or 
changes in funding sources could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations as and 
when they fall due, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results. 
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s liquidity risk management can be found in section 6 of the 
Issuer’s Pillar 3 Report 2020 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
There is operational risk associated with the Issuer’s industry which, when realised, may have an adverse 
impact on its results 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems 
or from external events. The Issuer, like all financial institutions, is exposed to many types of operational 
risk, including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees or outsiders, unauthorised transactions by 
employees or operational errors, including clerical or record keeping errors or errors resulting from faulty 
computer or telecommunications systems. The Issuer’s definition of operational risk includes reputational 
risk, legal risk, model risk, conduct risk and compliance risk among other risk factors. The top priorities of 
the Issuer in relation to operational risk as at the date of this Base Prospectus are outsourcing risk and ICT 
risk. According to the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) results, operational risk 
accounted for 7.2 per cent. of total SREP capital requirement of the Issuer together with its Subsidiaries (as 
defined below) (together, the Group) in 2020. 
The Issuer is vulnerable to the failure of IT systems and breaches of security systems 
Any significant interruption, degradation, failure or lack of capacity of the Issuer’s information technology 
(IT) systems could cause it to fail to complete transactions on a timely basis or at all and materially affect the 
Issuer. A sustained failure of the Issuer’s IT systems, or of critical third-party systems, would have a 
significant impact on its operations and the confidence its customers have in the reliability and safety of its 
banking systems and could therefore adversely impact the Issuer’s financial position. 
The secure transmission of confidential information is a critical element of the Issuer’s operations. The 
Issuer cannot guarantee that existing security measures will prevent security breaches, including break-ins, 
viruses or disruptions. Persons that circumvent the security measures could use the Issuer’s or its customers’ 
confidential information wrongfully, which would expose the Issuer to loss, adverse regulatory consequences 
or litigation. Unauthorised disclosure of confidential information and personal data, whether through cyber 
security breaches, viruses or otherwise could expose the Issuer to fines, liabilities and costly litigation and 
damage in reputation. 
The Issuer is vulnerable to disruptions of its operating systems and failures of its vendors 
Given the Issuer’s high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they 
are discovered and successfully rectified. In addition, its dependence upon automated systems to record and 
process its transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or 
manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. The Issuer may also be subject 
to disruptions of its operating systems, arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond its control 
(including, for example, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, unsuccessful IT system updates, equipment 
malfunction or electrical or telecommunication outages), which may give rise to suspension of services to 
customers and loss to or liability to the Issuer. The Issuer is further exposed to the risk that external vendors

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
may be unable to fulfil their contractual obligations to the Issuer (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud 
or operational errors by their respective employees as the Issuer), and to the risk that its (or its vendors’) 
business continuity and data security systems prove not to be sufficiently adequate. The Issuer also faces the 
risk that the design of its controls and procedures prove inadequate, or are circumvented, thereby causing 
delays in detection of errors in information. Although the Issuer has increased focus on operational risk and 
operational risk measurement framework, there can be no assurance that it will not suffer losses from 
operational risks in the future, as it has in the past, which may be material in amount. 
Shortfalls in the Issuer’s risk management methods may leave the Issuer exposed to unidentified, 
unanticipated, or incorrectly quantified risks, which would lead to material losses or material increases in 
liabilities 
The Issuer will at all times attempt to properly manage risks. The Issuer’s risk management may not at all 
times be able to protect the Issuer against certain risks, especially risks that have not been identified or 
anticipated. The risk management methods may not take all risks into account, and it is possible that the 
methods are incorrect or based on wrong information. Unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risk exposures 
could materially affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer relies on certain key members of management 
The Issuer is highly dependent on the talent of its key personnel, in particular its Chief Executive Officer and 
senior management, many of whom have been employed by the Issuer for a substantial period of time.  The 
loss of key members of its senior management or staff may significantly delay the Issuer’s ability to 
implement its business objectives and strategies and could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  In addition, there is competition between businesses in Iceland 
which could hinder the Issuer’s ability to recruit and retain new senior managers if competitors of the Issuer 
are able to offer more competitive salaries and better incentivise individuals. 
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s operational risk can be found in section 7 of the Issuer’s Pillar 
3 Report 2020 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic and other Business Conditions 
The Issuer’s results may be adversely affected by general economic conditions and other business conditions 
The Issuer’s results are affected by general economic and other business conditions. These conditions 
include changing economic cycles that affect demand for investment and banking products. These cycles are 
also influenced by global political events, such as terrorist acts, war and other hostilities as well as by market 
specific events, such as shifts in consumer confidence and consumer spending, the rate of unemployment, 
industrial output, labour or social unrest and political uncertainty. 
In particular, the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations are affected directly by 
economic and political conditions in Iceland as almost all of the Issuer’s business activities take place in 
Iceland.  
There is great uncertainty concerning economic development in Iceland’s main trading partner countries and 
concerning the downturn in consumption occurring throughout the world. Expected loss rates are, among 
other factors, dependent upon unemployment, inflation and exchange rates as well as possible changes in 
legislation and compliance. The recovery rates also depend on asset price evolvement and legislation 
changes concerning liquidation of assets. Such changes in the general economic conditions and other 
business conditions may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
The COVID-19 virus may have an adverse impact on the Issuer 
Governments in affected areas have imposed a number of measures designed to contain the outbreak of 
COVID-19, including business closures, travel restrictions, quarantines and cancellations of gatherings and 
events. The spread of COVID-19 has had disruptive effects in the global economy, as well as causing 
increased volatility and declines in financial markets. If COVID-19 is prolonged, or further diseases emerge 
that give rise to similar effects, the adverse impact on the global economy could deepen and result in further 
declines in financial markets. A substantial amount of the Issuer’s business involves making loans or 
otherwise committing resources to specific companies or industries. COVID-19’s impact on such borrowers 
and industries could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial results, businesses, financial 
condition or liquidity and the ability of borrowers to pay their loans. COVID-19 may also result in disruption 
to the Issuer’s key suppliers of goods and services and result in increased unavailability of staff adversely 
impacting the quality and continuity of service to customers and the reputation of the Issuer. As a result, the 
business, results of operations, corporate reputation and financial condition of the Issuer could be adversely 
impacted for a substantial period of time.  
Systemic risk could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
Concerns about, or a default by, one financial institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses 
or defaults by other financial institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions 
may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between these institutions. 
This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may materially affect financial intermediaries, such 
as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts 
on a daily basis, and could materially affect the Issuer’s business operations and results. 
Risks Relating to the Business Model and the Ownership Structure of the Issuer 
The Icelandic government may sell all or a portion of its ownership stake in the Issuer 
The Icelandic government, through Icelandic State Financial Investments (ISFI), owns 100 per cent. of the 
Issuer’s share capital. The Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by parties other than the 
Icelandic government, through ISFI.  
On 29 January 2021, the Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs announced the decision to initiate a 
process of selling certain of ISFI’s shares, up to 35 per cent., in the Issuer based on a proposal made by ISFI 
on 17 December 2020. The Ministry submitted a report setting out the main objectives and procedure of the 
offering to the Budget Committee, the Economic Committee of the Althingi, and the Central Bank of 
Iceland. It was noted that the Budget Committee and the Economic Committee of the Althingi recommended 
that work begin on preparing the offering and for listing of the Issuer on the NASDAQ Iceland. A sale of all 
or a portion of the Icelandic government’s ownership stake in the Issuer may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s results as a result of, amongst other things, a change in ownership and fluctuations in the market 
price of the Issuer’s shares with respect to the initial offering and any future offering of equity securities. 
The Issuer’s insurance coverage may not adequately cover losses resulting from the risks for which it is 
insured 
The Issuer maintains customary insurance policies for the Issuer’s operations, including insurance for liquid 
assets, money transport and directors’ and officers’ liability. The Issuer’s business involves risks of liability 
in relation to litigation from customers, employees, third-party service providers, and action taken by 
regulatory agencies, and there is a risk that these may not be adequately covered by the insurance or at all. 
Due to the nature of the Issuer’s operations and the nature of the risks that the Issuer faces, there can be no 
assurance that the coverage that the Issuer maintains is adequate which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s operations and financial condition. 
Risks Relating to Capital and other Regulatory Requirements of the Issuer

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
The Issuer’s capital management framework is based on Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD IV) and Regulation 
575/2013/EU (CRR), which were largely already implemented into Icelandic legislation. For more 
information on the Issuer’s capital requirements, see “Business Overview — Regulatory and Tax 
Environment — Capital Requirements.” 
It is anticipated that the implementation of further aspects of CRD IV into Icelandic legislation will be 
undertaken before the end of 2021. The implementation of CRD IV and the CRR into Icelandic legislation 
could limit the Issuer’s ability to effectively manage its capital requirements. These and other changes to 
capital adequacy and liquidity requirements imposed on the Issuer may require the Issuer to raise additional 
tier 1, core tier 1 and tier 2 capital by way of further issuances of securities and could result in existing tier 1 
and tier 2 securities ceasing to count towards the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s regulatory capital, either at the 
same level as present or at all.  
Any failure by the Issuer to maintain any increased regulatory capital requirements or to comply with any 
other requirements introduced by regulators could result in intervention by regulators or the imposition of 
sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s profitability and results and may also 
have other effects on the Issuer’s financial performance and on the pricing of the Notes, both with or without 
the intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions.  
Legal and Regulatory Risk 
Regulatory changes or enforcement initiatives could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
As a financial institution, the Issuer must comply with a comprehensive set of laws and regulations. The 
legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer is constantly changing and the Issuer puts substantial 
resources into monitoring and implementing these changes to ensure full compliance. Regulatory agencies 
have broad administrative power over many aspects of the financial services business, which may include 
liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, investor protection, ethical issues, money laundering, 
privacy, record keeping, and marketing and selling practices. Banking and financial services laws, 
regulations and policies currently governing the Issuer and its subsidiaries may change at any time in ways 
which have a material effect on the Issuer’s business. Furthermore, the Issuer cannot predict the timing or 
form of any future regulatory initiatives. Changes in existing banking and financial services laws and 
regulations may materially affect the way in which the Issuer conducts its business, the products or services 
it may offer and the value of its assets. If it fails to address, or appears to fail to address, appropriately these 
changes or initiatives, its reputation could be harmed and it could be subject to additional legal risk, which 
could, in turn, increase the size and number of claims and damages asserted against it or subject it to 
enforcement actions, fines and penalties. Regulatory agencies have the power to bring administrative or 
judicial proceedings against the Issuer, which could result, among other things, in suspension or revocation 
of its licenses, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action 
which could materially harm its results of operations and financial condition. 
The Icelandic government has passed and issued many statutes and regulations affecting the banking and 
financial services industry since 2008. There can be no assurance that the Icelandic government will not 
enact new regulations.  
The Issuer has a high proportion of inflation-linked mortgage loans and there is a risk that legislation might 
be imposed which varies the terms of those loans in a manner that is adverse to the Issuer 
A high proportion of the Issuer’s mortgage loans are inflation-linked. Under these loans, the monthly 
repayment increases if and to the extent that inflation in Iceland increases. Following the financial crisis in 
2008, inflation in Iceland increased significantly. This resulted in higher payments falling due under 
inflation-linked loans at the same time as borrowers faced lower wages and less purchasing power. There 
was significant debate in Iceland regarding these loans in the period preceding the parliamentary elections in 
April 2013. The Icelandic government announced at the end of November 2013 an action plan aimed at 
reducing the country’s housing debt. On the basis of the action plan, the Icelandic Parliament passed Act No.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
35/2014 and Act No. 40/2014. The objective of Act No. 35/2014 was to write down the principal of indexed 
residential mortgages. Act No. 40/2014, which amended the Pension Act No. 129/1997, authorised 
households with residential mortgages, in the period between 1 July 2014 and 30 June 2017, to use payments 
which would otherwise go to a private pension fund to reduce the principal amount of their mortgages. This 
option has since been extended until 30 June 2021. This option is open to all residential mortgage holders 
regardless of the form of their mortgage. This action plan has been financed by an increase in the Bank Levy 
(see “Business Overview — Regulatory and Tax Environment — Tax Environment”) which has increased the 
Issuer’s financial burden and decreased its profitability. There is a risk that additional legislation may be 
adopted or other government action taken to reduce the payment burden under inflation-linked mortgages. 
Should this occur, it would have a materially negative impact on the Issuer’s loan portfolio, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
Iceland’s national implementation of the EEA rules may not be comprehensive in all circumstances 
As a member state of the EEA, Iceland is obligated to implement parts of European Union law. A large 
amount of Icelandic legislation relating to the financial services industry, such as the legislation on financial 
undertakings, securities transactions and other legislation relating to financial markets, is implemented from 
EU law. If the state fails to draft national law in a way that conforms with EEA rules, Icelandic citizens may 
not be able to rely on national laws, and the Icelandic courts could be restricted from applying them unless 
the Icelandic legislation can be interpreted in a way which conforms with EU legislation. As a result, 
Noteholders may not, in all circumstances, enjoy the same legal protection they would expect as holders of 
securities issued by issuers in EU member states where EU instruments are directly applicable or have been 
adequately implemented into national legislation. Moreover, there can be errors in the implementation of EU 
law and in those cases, Icelandic law will be deemed to prevail in the Icelandic courts. Inconsistencies 
between EU law and Icelandic law can lead to uncertainty over which rules the Issuer must follow, which 
can take up a lot of the Issuer's resource and time in trying to identify which rules to follow. 
There can be a delay before Icelandic law implements EU legislation, which could also feed into the Issuer's 
uncertainty as to which rules it must comply with. Icelandic authorities may try to reduce uncertainty by 
working off requirements under the new EEA rules, which are in the process of being implemented. As a 
result, the Issuer may be unable to rely on the precise wording of current statutes or draw guidance from 
legislative preparatory works. Working to comply with regulations which are changing can be resource 
intensive and exposes the Issuer to a risk of non-compliance. 
The Hierarchy of Claims Bill, which is intended to implement Directive 2017/2399/EU in Iceland, has not 
yet been passed by the Icelandic Parliament and may be subject to change 
On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 
2017/2399/EU (Directive 2017/2399/EU) amending Directive 2014/59/EU (the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive or BRRD), as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy. Directive 2017/2399/EU enables banks to issue debt in a new statutory category of unsecured debt 
which would rank below the most senior debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of resolution (a so-
called Non-Preferred Senior debt). Whilst the European Commission considers this new category as “still 
being part of the senior unsecured debt category (only as an unpreferred tier senior debt)”, in an insolvency, 
such Non-Preferred Senior debt nevertheless ranks junior to ordinary unsecured creditors and other senior 
unsecured and preferred debt. 
On 3 March 2021, a bill was submitted to the Icelandic Parliament which is intended to implement Directive 
2017/2399/EU in Iceland, by amending Iceland’s Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit 
Institutions and Investment Firms (Act on Recovery and Resolution), Iceland’s Act on Financial 
Undertakings No. 161/2002 (Act on Financial Undertakings) and Iceland’s Deposit Insurance and Insurance 
Schemes Act No. 98/1999 (such bill, the Hierarchy of Claims Bill). The Hierarchy of Claims Bill 
introduces a new class of “senior non-preferred notes” that meet specified criteria, which class will, upon a 
credit institution’s bankruptcy, rank junior to its senior unsubordinated debt obligations and rank senior to its 
subordinated notes as well as regulatory capital and common shares.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
As further set out in Condition 3.1 (Status of Senior Preferred Notes) and Condition 3.2 (Status of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes), the Issuer intends that claims in respect of its Senior Preferred Notes will constitute 
part of the class of ‘ordinary unsecured claims’ referred to in Directive 2017/2399/EU, whilst its Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will constitute “unpreferred tier senior debt,” that is a part of the new, lower-ranking (un-
preferred) ‘senior’ unsecured class, that will rank ahead of the Subordinated Notes. The ranking of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes as described in Condition 3.2 is based on the expected ranking and other eligibility 
criteria of “senior non-preferred notes” in the existing draft of the Hierarchy of Claims Bill, upon such bill 
being passed into law. The Hierarchy of Claims Bill is currently expected to be passed into law in May or 
June 2021 but no assurance can be given that the law will be passed by such time. There can also be no 
assurance that the bill will be passed in its present form.If the bill is passed in a materially different form 
from the draft presented to the Icelandic Parliament there is a risk that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may 
not benefit from the statutory ranking afforded to Non-Preferred Senior debt under Directive 2017/2399/EU. 
If the bill is not passed, then at least until Icelandic legislation is passed to implement Directive 
2017/2399/EU, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will not benefit from the statutory ranking afforded to Non-
Preferred Senior debt (under Directive 2017/2399/EU) or to “senior non-preferred notes” (under the existing 
Hierarchy of Claims Bill). See also “—Risks related to the Notes generally—The exercise of any power 
under the BRRD, as implemented in Iceland, could materially adversely affect the rights of holders of 
Notes”. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of certain of such 
features: 
The claims of holders of senior unsecured unsubordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes will be subordinated to claims of the Issuer’s depositors in the event of a winding-up 
Typically, the claims of holders of senior ranking unsecured debt instruments, such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, issued by a financial institution holding bank deposits would not be 
subordinated to the claims of depositors.  However, in Iceland, Article 102 of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings, currently provides that, should such financial institution, such as the Issuer enter into winding-
up proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of the Act on Financial Undertakings, then the claims of holders of 
senior unsecured unsubordinated debt would be subordinated to the claims of certain of the Issuer’s 
depositors. The Hierarchy of Claims Bill seeks to amend the Act on Financial Undertakings and introduces a 
new Article 85.a to the Act on Recovery and Resolution which provides in part that, in a winding-up: (x) 
claims of certain types of the Issuer’s depositors will have priority over other kinds of bank deposits (i.e. the 
inner ranking within deposits will change), but (y) all types of bank deposits will, as a group, rank higher 
than the claims of the Issuer’s senior unsecured unsubordinated debt obligations. Hence, when the Hierarchy 
of Claims Bill becomes law, the claims of holders of senior unsecured unsubordinated debt (which would 
include Senior Preferred Notes as well as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) would be subordinated to the claims 
of all (instead of just certain) of the Issuer’s depositors in a winding-up of the Issuer.  If a winding-up of the 
Issuer were to occur, there may not be sufficient assets in the resulting estate to pay the claims of such 
Noteholders after the claims of depositors have been paid.  
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated. An investor in Subordinated Notes 
assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated.  
On a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the Issuer by way of exercise 
of public authority (referred to herein as a winding-up of the Issuer), all claims in respect of the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves, at least pari passu with 
present or future claims in respect of Parity Securities (as defined in Condition 3.5), in priority to any present 
or future claims in respect of Junior Securities (as defined in Condition 3.5) and junior to any present or 
future claims in respect of Senior Creditors (as defined in Condition 3.5). If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, 
the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of the Senior Creditors in full, 
the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to 
enable the Issuer to pay the claims of Senior Creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims 
in respect of its obligations in respect of the Subordinated Notes and all other claims of Parity Securities, 
Noteholders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue or guaranteeing of 
any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable 
by Noteholders during a winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
under the Subordinated Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Notes will lose all or some of his or her 
investment should a winding-up of the Issuer occur. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities and the Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-
Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors 
The Hierarchy of Claims Bill introduces a new class of “senior non-preferred notes” that meet specified 
criteria, which class will, upon a credit institution’s bankruptcy, rank junior to its senior unsubordinated debt 
obligations and rank senior to its subordinated notes as well as regulatory capital and common shares. As 
further set out in Condition 3.2 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the Issuer intends that its Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will constitute part of the new, lower-ranking (un-preferred) ‘senior’ unsecured class, 
that will rank below its Senior Preferred Notes but ahead of the Subordinated Notes.  
The Issuer’s obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
On a winding-up of the Issuer, all claims in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the 
Issuer (as defined in Condition 3.5), senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
subordinated obligations or other securities of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer (including, without limitation, any Subordinated Notes) and 
will rank junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. If, on 
a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of 
the unsubordinated creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of unsubordinated 
creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
The ranking of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as described in Condition 3.2 is based on the expected 
ranking and other eligibility criteria of “senior non-preferred notes” in the existing Hierarchy of Claims Bill, 
upon such bill being passed into law. See “-Legal and Regulatory Risk – The Hierarchy of Claims Bill, which 
is intended to implement Directive 2017/2399/EU in Iceland, has not yet been passed by the Icelandic 
Parliament and may be subject to change”.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Whilst Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the ‘senior’ designation under the 
programme, in an insolvency of the Issuer the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the Senior 
Preferred Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of the Issuer which are by law given priority over 
the Senior Preferred Notes, such as bank deposits) and other unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. 
Moreover, there is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, 
incur or guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue 
or guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount 
(if any) recoverable by holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes during a winding-up of the Issuer and may 
limit the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which benefit 
from a preferential ranking, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will lose all or some of his or her investment should a winding-up of the Issuer occur. 
There are limited enforcement events in relation to the Notes 
Each Series of Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to: 
(a) 
non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under the relevant Series of Notes. In such 
circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 9 (Enforcement Events), a Noteholder may 
institute proceedings in Iceland in order to recover the amounts due from the Issuer to such 
Noteholder; and 
(b) 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In such circumstances, as described in more detail in 
Condition 9, the relevant Series of Notes will become due and payable at their outstanding principal 
amount, together with accrued interest thereon.  
A Noteholder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. As such, the remedies 
available to holders of the Notes are limited, which may make it more difficult for Noteholders to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer. 
Call options are subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required) 
The Notes may also contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them. In the case of Subordinated Notes, 
such call option may only be available after a minimum period of, for example, five years after the issuance 
date of the Subordinated Notes. To exercise such a call option, the Issuer must obtain prior written consent of 
the Relevant Regulator (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), if and to the extent then required by the 
Relevant Regulator. 
Holders of the Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of the Notes and should not invest in such 
Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must agree 
to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain 
other facts at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a 
call. Holders of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period. See also “If the Issuer has the 
right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective 
return” above.  
In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 6.11 (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or Condition 6.12 (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) applies, if at any time a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes),

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or 
a Tax Event (in any case) occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, the Issuer 
may, subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), 
but without the requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some 
only, of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes (including changing the governing law 
of Condition 18 from English law to Icelandic law), as the case may be, so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as defined in 
Condition 6.11), in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as 
defined in Condition 6.12) or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities 
(as defined in Condition 6.12), as the case may be, as further provided in Condition 6.11 and Condition 6.12 
(as applicable).The terms and conditions of such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may have terms and conditions that contain one 
or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, provided that the 
relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Subordinated Notes 
remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying 
Securities, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Notes that, in 
its reasonable opinion, are materially less favourable to the holders of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, as a class, the governing law of 
Condition 18 may be changed from English law to Icelandic law in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of such condition. No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will 
negatively affect any particular holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such 
substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case 
may be, could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for 
them of holding the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case 
may be, prior to such substitution or variation.   
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return 
At any time upon the occurrence of a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 6.2, a Capital Event pursuant to 
Condition 6.3 (in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the extent specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (for Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement), an MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to Condition 
6.4 (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to the extent specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (for Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement), on an Optional 
Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 6.5 or on a Clean-up Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 6.6, 
the Notes may be redeemed (if applicable) at the option of the Issuer at their principal amount, as more 
particularly described in the Conditions. Such an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market 
value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the relevant Notes, or during any 
period when Noteholders perceive that the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Redemption Option by the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 6.6, there is no obligation under such Condition 6.6 nor under any of the Conditions 
for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the threshold of 75 per cent. of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries is reached, or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will 
exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-
up Redemption Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in 
a loss of capital invested.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
The Issuer may elect to exercise its option to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes included a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest rate may affect the 
secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a 
lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread 
on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates compared to 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Any such price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of any 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, 
a Reference Rate, or, in the case of Reset Notes, a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate), are the subject 
of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing 
such a “benchmark”.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies 
to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the 
UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent, in whole or in part, upon 
a benchmark.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/ or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, reforms 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example EURIBOR) may adversely affect the value of 
Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark rate 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Reset Notes and Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable or if a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
and including, for example, if the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published or if there is a public 
statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used) otherwise occurs.  
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and (i) in the case of Floating Notes, 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the rate of interest is to 
be determined or (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being the relevant Reset Reference Rate and Reference 
Rate Replacement is also specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable (any such Notes, Relevant Notes), such fallback arrangements will include 
the possibility that: 
(i) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) determined by the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(ii) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if 
required) by the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
The use of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate may result in interest payments that 
are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have 
been made on the Notes if the Original Reference Rate remained available in its current form. In particular, if 
a Benchmark Event occurs as a result of a public statement that the relevant Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative, the relevant rate of interest on the Notes may therefore cease to be determined by 
reference to that Original Reference Rate, and instead be determined by reference to a Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, even if the Original Reference Rate continues to be published. Such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be lower than the Original Reference Rate for 
so long as that Original Reference Rate continues to be published, and the value of and return on the Floating 
Rate Notes may be adversely affected. The application of an Adjustment Spread, as described in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Relevant Notes, may result in the Relevant Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form.  
In addition, in the case of Relevant Notes, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may also determine that other 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are necessary in order to follow market practice in 
relation to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and to ensure 
the proper operation of the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).   
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments described above. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or a Reset 
Period (as applicable). In addition, in the case of Relevant Notes, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Notes, the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances 
of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
In addition, in the case of Relevant Notes, potential investors should also note that no Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of 
the Notes will be made if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Relevant Notes: (i) where the Relevant Notes are 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as MREL Eligible Liabilities or result in the Relevant 
Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date; or (ii) where the Relevant Notes are Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer. In all such circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described 
above) will apply.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of net proceeds, such as “Sustainability Instruments”, such 
use of net proceeds may not be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
As described in the section “Use of Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes (any such Notes, 
Sustainability Instruments) may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of the issue of such Sustainability Instruments to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
the Issuer’s investments in Eligible Assets, as further described in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and the Sustainable Financing Framework (as defined below). The use 
of such proceeds may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant 
Eligible Assets as further described in the Sustainable Financing Framework). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “blue” or “social” or equivalently-labelled project or 
as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “blue” or “social” 
or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will 
develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy). 
The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by 
the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. While the Sustainable Financing 
Framework is expected to be in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been developed it is not known 
whether the Sustainable Financing Framework will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is not certain.  
In addition, the requirements of any such definition may evolve from time to time, and, as such, the use of 
the proceeds of Sustainability Instruments may not meet any or all Noteholders expectations regarding such 
“green”, “blue” or “social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives.  
Any opinion or certification by a third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Sustainability Instruments and in particular with any project to 
fulfil any environmental, and/or other criteria may not be suitable for Noteholders' purposes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Sustainability 
Instruments. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was issued. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Sustainability Instruments are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, whether in whole or 
in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any eligible projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Such listing or admission to trading obtained in respect of any such Sustainability 
Instruments may not be maintained during the life of the Sustainability Instruments. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Sustainability 
Instruments in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Sustainable Financing Framework, the related 
projects may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for such 
projects. Such projects may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. None 
of the Dealers will assess, verify or monitor the application of the amount equal to the net proceeds of any 
such Sustainability Instruments issued under the Programme.  
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of 
Sustainability Instruments will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute 
an Enforcement Event under the Notes or a default of the Issuer for any purpose; (iii) lead to an obligation of 
the Issuer to redeem such Sustainability Instruments or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Sustainability Instruments; or (iv) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, affect the qualification of such Notes as Tier 2 Capital or, in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, affect the qualification of such Notes as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, as applicable. 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any such 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse 
effect on the value and marketability of the Sustainability Instruments and/or result in adverse consequences 
for Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. For the 
avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on 
the Sustainability Instruments shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or 
market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, the investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding.  In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in the investor not receiving payments 
on those Notes

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes involves the risk that subsequent increases in market interest 
rates above the rate paid on the relevant Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes will adversely affect the value of 
the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
In addition, a holder of Reset Notes is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In addition, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. In such circumstances there can be 
no assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the comparable solicited ratings assigned to 
the Notes, which could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Notes.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is 
pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-
EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list 
of 
registered 
and 
certified 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-
UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, 
transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 
ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD, as implemented in Iceland, could materially adversely affect the 
rights of holders of Notes  
Directive 2014/59/EU (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD) is designed to provide the 
respective authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or 
failing relevant entity. This set of tools includes in particular the “bail-in tool” which gives resolution 
authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity. For more information on the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive, see “Business Overview — Regulatory and Tax Environment — 
European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Iceland with Act 54/2018 amending the Act on Financial Undertakings 
No. 161/2002 and by Act 70/2020 on the Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment 
Firms. 
Therefore, holders of Notes may be subject to any application of the resolution tools (such as the general 
bail-in tool) or (in the case of Subordinated Notes) on any application of the non-viability loss absorption 
measure, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment in the Notes, or their rights 
in respect of the Notes and/or the value of their investment may otherwise be materially adversely affected. 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD, as implemented in Iceland, or any suggestion of such exercise 
could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders of Notes, the price of value of their 
investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the relevant Notes. 
Furthermore, the resolution authorities will have the power to amend or alter the maturity of debt instruments 
(including the Notes) and other eligible liabilities or amend the amount of interest payable under such 
instruments (including the Notes) and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. 
Once the Hierarchy of Claims Bill is passed into law (which is currently expected to be in May or June 2021 
but no assurance can be given that the law will be passed by such time) debt instruments that meet the 
following criteria will be considered as “senior non-preferred notes” under the Hierarchy of Claims Bill (and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes hereunder) and will rank lower than ordinary unsecured claims (including 
Senior Preferred Notes hereunder) in a winding up of the Issuer: (i) the original contractual maturity of the 
debt instrument is of at least one year, (ii) the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not 
derivatives themselves, and (iii) the relevant contractual documentation, and, where applicable, the 
prospectus related to the issuance, explicitly refer to the lower ranking under the same paragraph. Moreover, 
when the Hierarchy of Claims Bill is passed into law, all types of bank deposits will rank higher than

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
ordinary unsecured claims. Based on the current draft of the Hierarchy of Claims Bill, once the Hierarchy of 
Claims Bill has been formally passed: (i) any existing unsubordinated notes of the Issuer will rank pari passu 
with any Senior Preferred Notes of the Issuer; and (ii) existing unsubordinated notes of the Issuer and Senior 
Preferred Notes of the Issuer will rank senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Notes of the Issuer. All bills 
before the Icelandic Parliament are subject to changes until they have been formally passed. Thus the 
Hierarchy of Claims Bill could be subject to change until it is formally passed by the Icelandic Parliament, 
which could affect the status provisions relating to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
as provided in the Terms and Conditions. Any such changes could potentially have an adverse impact on the 
Notes. No such changes have been presented at the date of this Base Prospectus. See “-Legal and Regulatory 
Risk  - The Hierarchy of Claims Bill, which is intended to implement Directive 2017/2399/EU in Iceland, has 
not yet been passed by the Icelandic Parliament and may be subject to change”. 
The Notes are unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision 
The Notes will be unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision. If the Issuer defaults 
on the Notes, or in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation or winding-up, then, to the extent 
that the Issuer has granted security over its assets, the assets that secure those obligations will be used to 
satisfy the obligations thereunder before the Issuer could sell or otherwise dispose of those assets in order to 
make payment on the Notes. As a result of the granting of such security, there may only be limited assets 
available to make payments on the Notes in the event of an acceleration of the Notes. In addition, the Issuer 
is able to issue other similar securities which do have the benefit of security which may impact on the market 
price of its securities, such as the Notes, which are unsecured. 
Noteholders may have limited rights in the event the Issuer is subject to winding-up proceedings 
It should be noted that there is currently some doubt regarding securities that are represented by global notes 
and the filing of claims against a financial institution, in the event an issuer becomes insolvent and is subject 
to winding-up proceedings.  In a judgment from 2011 regarding a debt issuance programme similar to this 
Programme, the Supreme Court held that the holder of the Global Note can file a claim against an estate, not 
beneficial owners of interests in the Global Note themselves.  As at the date hereof, investors should be 
aware that they may not be able to file a claim against the Issuer directly, should the Issuer become insolvent 
or become the subject of winding-up proceedings unless their interests in a Global Note have been 
exchanged for definitive Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  This means that 
Noteholders may lose all rights attaching to their interests in a Global Note other than financial rights, i.e. 
rights to participate and vote in creditor meetings as well as other rights which they may have.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (including by 
way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider and vote upon matters affecting 
their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the 
consent of any of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the 
Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) which, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law.  
In the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager, the Principal Paying Agent (insofar as the relevant 
modification relates to the Agency Agreement) and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of any of the 
Noteholders, to any modification of the VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager Agreement (as defined under

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) or the Agency Agreement (insofar as the relevant modification to the 
Agency Agreement relates to the VPS Notes) on the same basis.  
Any such modification will be binding on all the Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice or, 
as the case may be, Norwegian law or administrative practice 
Except for (i) the provisions of Condition 3; and (ii) the provisions relating to registration of the VPS Notes 
in VPS and Condition 14.2, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at 
the date of issue of the relevant Notes.  Condition 3 shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Icelandic law. The registration of VPS Notes in VPS and Condition 14.2 shall be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Norwegian law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English, Icelandic or Norwegian law or administrative practice, as the case may be, 
after the date of issue of the relevant Notes.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to English, Icelandic or Norwegian law, as the case may be, or administrative 
practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could materially adversely impact 
the value of any Notes affected by it. 
There are circumstances in which a court may apply Icelandic laws (or the laws of other jurisdictions) 
notwithstanding the choice of English law, Norwegian law or Icelandic law, as the case may be, to govern 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (or part thereof) 
Whilst the choice of English law, Norwegian law or Icelandic law, as the case may be, as the governing law 
of parts of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes described above will generally be upheld as a valid choice 
by many courts, there will be circumstances in which the relevant choice may not be upheld or may, at least 
partially, be displaced.  There may, therefore, be circumstances in which Icelandic laws (for example capital 
or exchange control laws) or indeed the laws of another jurisdiction may be applied by a court 
notwithstanding the choice of English law or, as the case may be, Norwegian law to govern parts of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In particular (a) the English courts may give effect to the “overriding mandatory provisions” of the law of the 
country where the obligations arising out of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes have to be or have been 
performed, “insofar as those overriding mandatory provisions render the performance of the contract 
unlawful” (Article 9(3) of Regulation (EC) No. 593/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
17 June 2008, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (Rome I)); and (b) there are 
circumstances in which reorganisation measures adopted by certain states in respect of credit institutions 
must be given effect to in other states pursuant to Directive 2001/24/EC of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 4 April 2001 on the reorganisation and winding up of credit institutions (this directive is 
incorporated into English law by the Credit Institutions (Reorganisation and Winding Up) Regulations 
2004).   
As a result, there are circumstances in which a law other than English law, Norwegian law or Icelandic law, 
as the case may be, may determine whether certain Terms and Conditions of the Notes are enforceable 
against the Issuer.  It should be noted in this context that there may be circumstances in which proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be brought in courts other 
than the English courts and/or in which the English courts may refuse to hear proceedings brought before 
them. 
There may be circumstances in which courts may give judgments in ISK and/or in which a judgment of 
courts other than the Icelandic courts may not be enforceable in Iceland (or, if it is enforceable in Iceland, 
which may result in the judgment creditor receiving ISK) 
There may be circumstances in which a court hearing a dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes may give judgment in ISK.  Further, judgments given by courts other

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
than the Icelandic courts may not necessarily be enforceable against the Issuer in Iceland. Even if a judgment 
is enforceable in Iceland, the enforcement process may result in the judgment creditor receiving ISK.  
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Iceland in the courts of a state which is not a party to 
the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial 
Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) as a Contracting State (as defined in 
the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Iceland as a matter of law without a 
retrial on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law of 
Iceland). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the United Kingdom and Iceland are not bound by any 
agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in 
relation to the Notes. The United Kingdom has applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an 
independent contracting state, but the other contracting states have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, not 
approved the application. As a result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes 
obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable 
in Iceland. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Iceland, the final judgment 
rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Icelandic court, but will only be regarded as evidence 
of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Icelandic court has full discretion to rehear the 
dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the 
enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  
In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell 
the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should such Notes be printed) or issued and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Bearer Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2018 (including the auditors’ report thereon) (the 2018 Financial Statements) which can be viewed 
online 
at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/2019.2.13_ISB_Consolidated_Financial_Stat
ements_2018_ENG.pdf; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019 (including the auditors’ report thereon) (the 2019 Financial Statements) which can be viewed 
online 
at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/Consolidated_Financial_Statements_2019_Is
landsbanki_hf.pdf; 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 (including the auditors’ report thereon) (the 2020 Financial Statements) which can be viewed 
online 
at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/I%CC%81slandsbanki_hf._Consolidated_Fin
ancial_Statements_2020.pdf; 
(iv) 
sections 4, 5, 6 and 7 of the Issuer’s Pillar 3 Report 2020 which can be viewed online at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/Pillar3Report2020.pdf; 
(v) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (pages 61 to 104 inclusive) set out in the base 
prospectus dated 21 April 2017 relating to the Programme (available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/2017_Islandsbanki_hf_Base_Prospectus.pdf) 
(vi) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (pages 68 to 115 inclusive) set out in the base 
prospectus dated 30 April 2018 relating to the Programme (available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/2018_Islandsbanki_hf_Base_Prospectus.pdf) 
(vii) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (pages 69 to 118 inclusive) set out in the base 
prospectus dated 30 April 2019 relating to the Programme (available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/Islandsbanki_Prospectus_Final.pdf); and 
(viii) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (pages 68 to 118 inclusive) set out in the base 
prospectus dated 5 May 2020 relating to the Programme (available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/2020_Islandsbanki_hf_Base_Prospectus.pdf) 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement.  The 
Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only 
and if appropriate, a new prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
549300PZMFIQR79Q0T97 
 
Description: 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
 
UBS Europe SE 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated 
as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time.  The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including 
the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have 
a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
VPS Account Manager: 
DNB Bank ASA 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, 
or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in (i) bearer form, (ii) registered form or (iii) 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (VPS Notes), with the 
legal title thereto being evidenced by book entries in the records of 
Euronext VPS, in each case as described in “Form of the Notes”.  
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes or VPS 
Notes. Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes or 
VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes or 
Registered Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and, on redemption, will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed 
by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published 
by 
the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
subject to the successor or alternative reference rate provisions in 
Condition 5.3, on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant Reset 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial fixed 
rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest 
will be reset on one or more date(s) by reference to a mid-market swap 
rate or a rate based on the yield for an identified government bond or 
certain government bonds (in each case relating to the relevant Specified 
Currency), and for a period equal to the Reset Period, in each case as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
 
The margin (if any) in relation to Reset Notes will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Reset Notes and will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement. 
 
Interest on Reset Notes in respect of each Interest Period as agreed prior 
to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
Notes may be converted from one Interest Basis to another if so provided 
in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement.  
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer (including, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
and, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, as the 
case may be) or pursuant to the Clean-up Redemption Option, in each 
case, upon giving notice to the Noteholders on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on (in the case of

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Exempt Notes only) such other terms as may in each case be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The terms of any such 
redemption, including notice periods, any relevant conditions to be 
satisfied and the relevant redemption dates and prices will be indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
No early redemption of the Notes may take place without the prior written 
consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent such consent is 
required). See Condition 6.13.  
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see “Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year” above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA or the UK in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or 
the FSMA (as applicable) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for 
or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, 
except as required by law, as provided in Condition 8.  In the event that 
any such deduction is made, in the case of a payment of interest only, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8, 
be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Enforcement Events: 
The terms of the Notes will contain enforcement events relating only to 
non-payment (allowing a Noteholder to institute proceedings in Iceland in 
order to recover the amounts due from the Issuer to such Noteholder) and 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, provided that a Noteholder 
may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Status of the Senior Preferred 
Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall rank 
pari passu among themselves and (subject to such mandatory exceptions 
as are from time to time applicable under Icelandic law) at least pari 
passu with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding and senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
 
In relation to obligations required to be preferred by law, current 
Icelandic law provides that, in the event that the Issuer enters into 
winding-up proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings, the claims of the holders of the Notes and any relative 
Coupons will be subordinated to the claims of certain of the Issuer’s 
depositors. If the Hierarchy of Claims Bill becomes law, the claims of the 
holders of the Notes and any relative Coupons will be subordinated to the

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
claims of all of the Issuer’s depositors. 
Status of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute subordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves. 
 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous 
proceedings over the Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims 
of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the 
Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the 
Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Issuer and 
any subordinated obligations or other securities of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer (including, without limitation, 
any Subordinated Notes); and 
(iv)  
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer 
and (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not 
creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the 
Issuer. 
The status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will not be defined under 
Icelandic law until the Hierarchy of Claims Bill (or a similar bill 
implementing Directive 2017/2399/EU) is passed and becomes law, and 
the Issuer does not intend to issue any Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior 
to the passage of such law.  
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute subordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. 
 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous 
proceedings over the Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims 
of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the 
Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with  present or future claims in respect of Parity 
Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to any present or future claims in respect of Junior 
Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims in respect of Senior 
Creditors.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Subordinated Notes – 
Substitution or Variation: 
Where the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 6.11 applies, if at any time a 
Tax Event or a Capital Event occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or 
enforceability of Condition 18, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 6.13 (if, and to the extent so required), either substitute all, 
but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for, or vary their terms 
(including changing the governing law of Condition 18 from English law 
to Icelandic law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as defined in Condition 6.11), as 
further provided in Condition 6.11.  
Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes –
Substitution or Variation  
Where the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 6.12 applies, if at any time a 
Tax Event or an MREL Disqualification occurs, or to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 18, the Issuer may, subject to 
the provisions of 6.13 (if, and to the extent so required), either substitute 
all, but not some only, of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes for, or vary their terms (including changing the governing 
law of Condition 18 from English law to Icelandic law) so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, become, in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities 
(as defined in Condition 6.12), as the case may be, as further provided in 
Condition 6.12.  
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an amount equal to 
the net proceeds (in respect of (b) below) from each issue of Notes will, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, be:  
(a) 
used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or  
(b) 
used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, the 
Issuer’s investments in Eligible Assets, as further 
described in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and the Issuer’s 
Sustainable Financing Framework dated 28 October 2020 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time) (the 
Sustainable Financing Framework) available on the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/I
SB_Sustainable_Financing_Framework.pdf); or 
(c) 
used to finance any other particular identified use of 
proceeds as stated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant Series.  Notes which are neither

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, except for (i) the provisions of Condition  3 
which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic 
law and (ii) the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS and Condition 
14.2, which shall, in each case, be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law. VPS Notes must comply with the 
regulations of Euronext VPS, and the holders of VPS Notes will be 
entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities 
which arise under the Norwegian regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA (including Italy, Iceland and Norway), the 
People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK 
and Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2 and TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued 
in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
herein, in which event the relevant provisions will be included in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement (as defined herein).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in (i) bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, (ii) registered 
form, without interest coupons attached or (iii) uncertificated and dematerialised form and cleared through 
the Euronext VPS.  
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, a permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) 
for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking SA (Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and, together with Euroclear, the International Central Securities Depositories or ICSDs); or 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will also indicate whether such Bearer Global 
Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the 
Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note, if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
Department regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it 
has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On or after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive 
definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any 
payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note, if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will specify that a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Enforcement Event (as defined in 
Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer determines that it has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Bearer Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common depositary or the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their behalf (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than one year 
and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
OF 1986, AS AMENDED.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note). Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a 
common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement.  
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully 
registered form. 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will specify whether or not 
such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
and therefore whether such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (the NSS).  Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  Notes intended 
to be held under the NSS will be deposited with, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper.  The common safekeeper for Notes held under the NSS will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
5.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the 
Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 5.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Enforcement Event has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any 
such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in 
definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an 
Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable. 
VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title 
to VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. Issues of VPS Notes are 
subject to the VPS Account Manager Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). 
On the issue of VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the Pricing Supplement, to the Principal Paying Agent and the VPS Account Manager. 
Following notification to Euronext VPS of the terms relating to the VPS Notes by (or on behalf of) the Issuer 
and of the subscribers and their Euronext VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the VPS Account 
Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, will give instructions to Euronext VPS to credit each subscribing 
account holder with Euronext VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place in 
accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS 
Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes will not be exchangeable for any physical note or document of title other than statements of 
account made by Euronext VPS. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, the Principal Paying Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with 
an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated 
and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS 
Account Manager. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain limited circumstances described in Condition 9.  
In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day immediately following such 
day.  At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and 
subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 29 April 2021 and executed by the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if 
appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes. 
Save in the case of VPS Notes, Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or 
more Global Notes that may be delivered to a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be 
entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their 
respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global 
Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 [Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 [Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[3MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (MiFID II)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
[4UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to 
be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[5MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II)]: EITHER6 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 7[(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate, (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market] [Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/’s] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]8.]]  
 
[9UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER10 [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 11[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of 
the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
                                                     
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
5 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
6 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
7 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are 
advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are 
not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
8 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
9 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
10 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
11 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute “complex” 
products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]12.]] 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital 
markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and [“Excluded 
Investment Products”]/[“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 
[Date] 
ÍSLANDSBANKI HF. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300PZMFIQR79Q0T97 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$2,500,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2021 (the Base Prospectus) [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (for the purposes of these Final Terms, the Prospectus Regulation)][the Prospectus 
Regulation].  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purpose of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been 
published on the website [of [the Issuer] at [] [and on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin]] and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from 
the registered office of the Issuer at Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland and from the offices of the 
Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, England. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated [21 April 2017/ 30 April 2018/ 30 April 2019/ 5 May 2020] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2021 (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (for the purposes 
of these Final Terms, the Prospectus Regulation)][the Prospectus Regulation]. This document must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been 
                                                     
12 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
published on the website [of [the Issuer] at [] [and] [and on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin]] and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from 
the registered office of the Issuer at Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Reykjavik, Iceland and from the offices of 
the Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, England.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and from a single Series 
with [     ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 22 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [     ]]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes this means the minimum 
integral amount in which transfers can be made) 
 
(N.B. Where Bearer Notes with multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof 
up to and including €199,000.  No Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above €199,000.") 
 
(N.B. In the case of VPS Notes, only one denomination is 
permitted)  
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.  If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor.  N.B. There must be a

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate or reset rate - specify date/ 
Floating rate - Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[     ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/ REIBOR] +/- 
[  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [14][15][16][17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date], 
paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies, and for the period from 
(and including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies]/[Not Applicable]  
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Redemption Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph [18][19][20] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated] 
(If Subordinated Notes include:) 
(i) 
[Redemption 
upon 
occurrence of Capital 
Event: 
 
 
[Applicable – Condition 6.3 applies/Not Applicable]  
 
(ii) 
Substitution 
or 
variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.11 applies/Not Applicable] 
(If Senior Non-Preferred or Senior 
Preferred Notes include:) 
(i) 
[Redemption 
upon 
occurrence 
of 
an 
MREL 
 
 
[Applicable – Condition 6.4 applies/Not Applicable]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
Disqualification 
Event: 
(ii) 
Substitution 
or 
variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.12 applies/Not Applicable]] 
(b) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[     ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(N.B.  This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon.) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, 
the VPS Calculation Agent): 
[     ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference 
Rate, 
Relevant Time and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
 
Reference Rate: [     ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/ 
STIBOR/REIBOR] 
Relevant Time: [     ] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/Oslo/ 
Stockholm/Reykjavík] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR. For NIBOR, 
STIBOR 
and 
REIBOR, 
insert 
second 
[Oslo/Stockholm/Reykjavík] business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period) 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
 
[     ] 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[     ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
Reset Date: 
 
[     ] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual]

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [   ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, 
the VPS Calculation Agent): 
[     ] 
(h) 
First Reset Date: 
[   ] 
(i) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[   ] [and [    ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[   ] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
(l) 
Relevant Time: 
[   ] 
(m) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
(o) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
(p) 
Original 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not Applicable] 
(q) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
- 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg Maturity: 
[   ] 
- 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” 
immediately below) 
-    
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
 
 
[   ] per cent. 
-  
Reset 
Period 
Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below) 
-    
Reset 
Period 
Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap Rate: 
[   ] per cent. 
-   
Last Observable Mid-
Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(r) 
First Reset Period Fallback 
Yield: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
(s) 
Fallback Relevant Time: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
(t) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(u) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon.) 
(v) 
VPS Calculation Agent: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent) 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
Each Note will be redeemed at its principal amount

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
20. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(No Clean-up Redemption Option will be permitted prior to 
five years from the Issue Date with respect to Subordinated 
Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [     ] per cent.] 
(b) 
Clean-up 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice Period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Clean-up Redemption Date: 
[     ]  
(in the case of Subordinated Notes, the first Clean-up 
Redemption Date shall be at least five years after the Issue 
Date)  
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or an MREL Disqualification 
Event (as applicable): 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]] 
 
(N.B. The exchange of Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
Definitive Notes option is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Notes where the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including €199,000.”) 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Registered Notes:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]] 
 
[VPS Notes] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
(In the case of an issue of VPS Notes, this will be not 
applicable) 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which sub-paragraph 
15(c) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
Signed on behalf of Íslandsbanki hf.: 
By: 
 ............................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin] 
with effect from [     ]] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued] [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]: 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms]. 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes] 
[The Notes constitute Sustainability Instruments and 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of 
the Notes will be used to finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, the Issuer's investments in Eligible 
Assets (being [Green] [and/or] [Blue] [and/or] 
[Social] Project[s]), as further described in the 
Issuer’s Sustainable Financing Framework dated 28 
October 2020 (as amended or supplemented from 
time to time) available on the Issuer’s website] [For 
Sustainability Instruments only, include weblink for 
relevant 
framework 
and 
any 
other 
relevant 
information]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
[Specify other] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
6. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes calculated by reference to  
benchmarks only) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this 
term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks 
Regulation)] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such 
that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
(v) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s)][Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Euronext VPS), 
Euronext VPS identification number: [     ]]  
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
[     ]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
Paying Agent(s) and/or Transfer Agent(s) 
(if any) or alternative VPS Account 
Manager (if applicable): 
(viii) 
VPS Calculation Agent: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(N.B. VPS Notes only) 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes, Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper, that is, held under the 
NSS,] [include this text for Registered Notes which are 
to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS]].  Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[Not Applicable]  
(In the case of an issue of VPS Notes, this will be Not 
Applicable) 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
TEFRA applicability: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[     ] has been extracted from [     ].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [     ], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”]13 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] [Include unless the Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”]14 
[MiFID II/ UK MIFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital 
markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and [“Excluded 
Investment Products”]/[“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 
                                                     
13 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable". 
14 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 [Date] 
ÍSLANDSBANKI HF. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300PZMFIQR79Q0T97 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$2,500,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer.]15 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2021 (the Base Prospectus) [as supplemented 
by the supplement[s] dated [    ] [and [    ]]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and copies may be obtained during normal 
business hours from the registered office of the Issuer at Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland and from the 
offices of the Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
England. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and from a single Series 
with [     ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 22 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [     ]]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
                                                     
15 Include relevant legend wording here for the [EEA][and][UK] if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction for that regime are 
not included/not specified to be "Applicable" (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, or a key information document will be 
prepared, under that regime).

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes this means the minimum 
integral amount in which transfers can be made) 
 
(N.B. Where Bearer Notes with multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof 
up to and including €199,000.  No Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above €199,000.") 
 
(N.B. In the case of VPS Notes, only one denomination is 
permitted) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.  If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor.  N.B. There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Fixed rate or reset rate - Specify date/ Floating Rate - 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the [specify 
month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[     ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/ REIBOR] +/- 
[  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[specify other] 
(see paragraph [14][15][16][17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount]/[specify 
other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date], 
paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies, and for the period from 
(and including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Redemption Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph [18][19][20] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
 
 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated] 
 
 
(If Subordinated Notes include: 
(i) Redemption upon occurrence of 
a Capital Event: 
 
 
[Applicable – Condition 6.3 applies/Not Applicable] 
(ii) Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.11 applies/Not Applicable] 
(If Senior Non-Preferred or Senior 
Preferred Notes include: 
(i) Redemption upon occurrence of 
an 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event: 
 
 
[Applicable – Condition 6.4 applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.12 applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[     ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(N.B.  This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[specify other] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon.) 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[None/give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/specify 
other] 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/specify 
other] 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, 
the VPS Calculation Agent): 
[     ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference 
Rate, 
Relevant Time and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
 
Reference Rate: [     ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/ 
STIBOR/REIBOR/specify other] 
Relevant Time: [     ] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/Oslo/

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
Stockholm/Reykjavík/specify other] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR. For NIBOR, 
STIBOR 
and 
REIBOR, 
insert 
second 
[Oslo/Stockholm/Reykjavík] business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period) 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
 
[     ] 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[     ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[specify other] 
(m) 
Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, 
denominator and any other 
terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes, 
if 
different from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[     ] 
16. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][    ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
((Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset 
Date:  
((Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, 
the VPS Calculation Agent): 
[     ] 
(h) 
First Reset Date: 
[      ] 
(i) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[      ]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[      ] [and [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[     ] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
(l) 
Relevant Time: 
[     ] 
(m) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
(o) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
(p) 
Original 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not Applicable] 
(q) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
this paragraph) 
- Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity: 
[     ] 
- Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” 
immediately below) 
-   Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
 
[     ] per cent. 
- Reset 
Period 
Maturity 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below) 
- 
Reset 
Period 
Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[     ] per cent. 
-  Last 
Observable 
Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(r) 
First Reset Period Fallback 
Yield: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
(s) 
Fallback Relevant Time: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
(t) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(u) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring new issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon.)  
(v) 
VPS Calculation Agent: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(w) 
Any other terms relating to 
the method of calculating 
interest on Reset Notes, if 
different from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[     ] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent) 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
20. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(No Clean-up Redemption Option will be permitted prior to 
five years from the Issue Date with respect to Subordinated 
Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [     ] per cent.] 
(b) 
Clean-up 
Redemption 
[     ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
Amount: 
(c) 
Notice Period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Clean-up Redemption Date: 
[     ]  
(in the case of Subordinated Notes, the first Clean-up 
Redemption Date shall be at least five years after the Issue 
Date)  
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or an MREL Disqualification 
Event (as applicable): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]] 
 
(N.B. The exchange of Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
Definitive Notes option is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Notes where the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including €199,000.”) 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]] 
 
[VPS Notes] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
(In the case of an issue of VPS Notes this will be Not 
Applicable) 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which sub-paragraph 
15(c) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
25. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[     ] 
 
Signed on behalf of Íslandsbanki hf.: 
 
By: 
 ............................................................. 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[[     ]/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [specify market – note this should not be a 
regulated 
market] 
with 
effect 
from 
[     ]]/Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
(v) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s)][Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Euronext VPS), 
Euronext VPS identification number: [    ]] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) and/or Transfer Agent(s) 
(if any) or alternative VPS Account 
Manager (if applicable): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
VPS Calculation Agent:  
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(N.B. VPS Notes only) 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper, that is, held under the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
NSS,] [include this text for Registered Notes which are 
to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS]]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of an issue of VPS Notes, this will be Not 
Applicable) 
3. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes] 
[The Notes constitute Sustainability Instruments and an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the 
Notes will be used to finance or refinance, in whole or 
in part, the Issuer's investments in Eligible Assets 
(being [Green] [and/or] [Blue] [and/or] [Social] 
Project[s]), as further described in the Issuer’s 
Sustainable Financing Framework dated 28 October 
2020 (as amended or supplemented from time to time) 
available on the Issuer’s website] [For Sustainability 
Instruments 
only, 
include 
weblink 
for 
relevant 
framework and any other relevant information] 
[Specify other] 
4. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
TEFRA applicability: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The following are also the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which 
will be applicable to each VPS Note. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of 
title other than statements of account made by Euronext VPS. The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached 
to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Íslandsbanki hf. (the Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement and, if applicable, the VPS Account Manager Agreement (each as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form;  
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form); and 
(e) 
any Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form (VPS Notes) and cleared 
through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Euronext 
VPS). 
In the case of Bearer Notes, references to Notes shall be deemed to include any Coupons.  
In the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, the Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of 
an Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 29 April 2021 and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch in its capacities as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent, and, together with any substitute or 
additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents) and 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG in its capacities as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall 
include any successor registrar) and as transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together 
with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer 
agents). 
In the case of VPS Notes, the Notes have the benefit of a VPS Account Manager Agreement (such VPS 
Account Manager Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS 
Account Manager Agreement) dated 8 May 2015 and made between the Issuer and DNB Bank ASA (the 
VPS Account Manager, which expression shall include any successor account manager in relation to VPS 
Notes cleared through Euronext VPS) and the Agency Agreement to the extent specified therein. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms (as defined below) or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement (as defined below), 
talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall,

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered 
Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons, 
Talons or related expressions shall not apply to VPS Notes. In the case of Definitive Bearer Notes only, any 
reference herein to Notes shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to 
Coupons. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes, (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are 
registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note or in relation to any VPS Notes, 
be construed as provided below.  Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the 
Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
In the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, the Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit 
of the Deed of Covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 29 April 2021 and made by the Issuer.  The original 
of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the VPS Account Manager Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Registrar and the other Paying Agents and the other Transfer Agents (such Agents and the 
Registrar being together referred to as the Agents) and (in the case of the VPS Account Manager Agreement 
only) at the specified office of the VPS Account Manager.   
References herein to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Prospectus 
Regulation) or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be.  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in (i) in the case of Notes other 
than Exempt Notes, Part A of a final terms document (Final Terms) attached to, endorsed on or otherwise 
deemed to apply to this Note which completes the Conditions or (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, Part A of a 
pricing supplement (Pricing Supplement) attached to, endorsed on or otherwise deemed to apply to this 
Note which supplements, amends, modifies and replaces these Conditions and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or 
modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  References herein to the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing Supplement are accordingly to Part A of the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, (or the relevant provisions thereof) relating to the Notes. 
Copies of the Final Terms will, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  If 
the Notes are to be admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area, the 
applicable Final Terms will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing 
authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are also available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and 
of the Principal Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices. 
In the case of Exempt Notes, copies of the applicable Pricing Supplement may be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer and the offices of the Principal Paying Agent only by a Noteholder holding one

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent 
as to its holding of such Notes and identity.   
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the VPS Account Manager Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and 
the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement which are applicable to 
them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Agency Agreement and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions 
unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement 
will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and denomination 
The Notes are either (i) in bearer form, (ii) in registered form as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and, in the case of definitive Notes, 
serially numbered or (iii) VPS Notes, in each case in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s).  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes or VPS Notes. 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes or VPS Notes. VPS Notes may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
The Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
depending upon the Status shown in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or any other document of title other than 
statements of accounts made by Euronext VPS. 
1.2 
Title to Notes other than VPS Notes 
This Condition 1.2 only applies to Notes other than VPS Notes. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and 
the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. 
1.3 
Title to VPS Notes 
This Condition 1.3 only applies to VPS Notes. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced (including any nominee) as such by a book 
entry in the records of Euronext VPS. The person so evidenced as a holder of VPS Notes shall be 
treated as the holder of such Notes for all purposes and the expressions Noteholder, holder of Notes 
and holder of VPS Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in the register between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Euronext VPS. References to Euronext VPS shall, wherever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or as may be otherwise approved by the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the VPS Account Manager.  
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Agency Agreement.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Conditions 2.3 and 2.5 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or 
in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders 
must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the 
relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys 
duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required 
by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful 
enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request.  
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may 
from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 10 to the Agency 
Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be 
required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, 
or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of 
the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the 
relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a 
Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk 
of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
2.5 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a 
Registered Global Note of the same type at any time.  
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES  
3.1 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(b) 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the 
Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under, the Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
(subject to such mandatory exceptions as are from time to time applicable under 
Icelandic law) at least pari passu with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding; and 
(ii) 
senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. 
3.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.2 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
(b) 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the 
Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under, the Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any subordinated 
obligations or other securities of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer (including, without 
limitation, any Subordinated Notes); and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior 
Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. 
3.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” 
in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes constitute subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu among themselves. The Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 3.3(b). 
(b) 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the 
Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under, the Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with present or future claims in respect of Parity Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to any present or future claims in respect of Junior Securities; and

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims in respect of Senior Creditors. 
3.4 
Set-Off 
Subject to applicable law, claims in respect of any Notes held by a Noteholder may not be set-off, or 
be the subject of a counterclaim, by the relevant Noteholder against or in respect of any of its 
obligations to the Issuer or any other person and each Noteholder waives, and shall be treated for all 
purposes as if it had waived, any right that it might otherwise have to set-off, or to raise by way of 
counterclaim, any of its claims in respect of any Notes, against or in respect of any of its obligations 
to the Issuer or any other person. If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Noteholder 
receives or recovers any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note by virtue of such set-
off or counterclaim, it shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer and shall pay the amount thereof to 
the Issuer or, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer, to be held on 
trust for the Senior Creditors. 
3.5 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Iceland giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and the BRRD (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be);  
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive and CRR and any CRD 
Implementing Measures; 
CRD Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled 
by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the Group, as the 
case may be, (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD 
Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards 
released by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may 
be amended or replaced from time to time); 
FSA means the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (Fjármálaeftirlitið) 
or such other agency of Iceland which assumes or performs the functions which are performed by 
such authority;  
Hierarchy of Claims Bill means parliamentary document no. 962 with case no. 570, entitled 
“Amendments to Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
Firms from the Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs” submitted on 3 March 2021 to the 
Icelandic Parliament;  
Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any present or future 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes;  
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which 
is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be; 
Parity Securities means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer which were eligible 
to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital at issue by the Relevant Regulator, any guarantee, indemnity or 
other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Issuer in respect of securities (regardless of 
name or designation) issued by a Subsidiary of the Issuer which were eligible to be recognised as 
Tier 2 Capital at issue and any instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, indemnities or other 
contractual support arrangements entered into by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
pari passu therewith, but, in each case, excluding Junior Securities; 
Relevant Regulator means (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) (i) (in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes) the FSA and (ii) (in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes and the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland and/or such 
other authority tasked with matters relating to the qualification of securities of the Issuer or the 
Group, as the case may be, under the Applicable MREL Regulations;  
Senior Creditors means (a) the depositors of the Issuer; (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including, without limitation, any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer); and (c) 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer in respect of any present or future obligation of the Issuer which 
by its terms is, or is expressed to be, subordinated in the event of liquidation, dissolution, winding-up 
of, or analogous proceedings over the Issuer, by way of exercise of public authority, to the claims of 
depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, but which rank, or are expressed to 
rank, senior to Parity Securities and Junior Securities;  
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities means liabilities having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking;  
Senior Non-Preferred Ranking means the ranking for senior non-preferred notes or senior non-
preferred debt instruments as described in the Hierarchy of Claims Bill (or once the Hierarchy of 
Claims Bill is passed into law, as described in such laws as so amended by the Hierarchy of Claims 
Bill) or in similar legislation in Iceland implementing Directive 2017/2399 that expressly provides 
that upon the insolvency of a financial institution regulated under Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, that such senior non-preferred notes or senior 
non-preferred debt instruments will rank below other unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities with 
higher priority ranking of the financial institution; and in addition, with respect to Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities that constitute Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the ranking set forth in Condition 
3.2; and  
Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2 capital as described in Article 84(c) of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings and secondary legislation adopted on the basis of that act, as amended or replaced.  
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or which are VPS 
Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note or which are VPS Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, each date (each such date, together with each Specified 
Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (b) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, a day on which the Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System 
(the TARGET2 System) is open; and  
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET 2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Calculation Agent shall be the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(i) under an interest rate swap 
transaction for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as determined by (in the case of 
Notes other than VPS Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the 
VPS Calculation Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by (in the case of Notes other than VPS 
Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause (A) above, no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of subclause (B) above, fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, (in the case of Notes other than VPS 
Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent, 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide (in the case of Notes other than VPS 
Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the 
Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent with 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of 
VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides (in 
the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS 
Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum 
which (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case 
of VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, 
as communicated to (and at the request of) (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the 
Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other 
Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the 
Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs (in the 
case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS 
Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.  
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; and, in the case of a 
determination of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre, in each case selected by (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the Issuer in 
consultation with the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the Issuer in 
consultation with the VPS Calculation Agent. 
Reference Rate shall mean (i) the Eurozone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), (ii) the 
Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), (iii) the Stockholm interbank offered rate 
(STIBOR), or (iv) the Reykjavík interbank offered rate (REIBOR), in each case for the 
relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, subject as provided in Condition 5.3. 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean (i) Brussels, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, (ii) Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (iii) Stockholm, in the case

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
of a determination of STIBOR, or (iv) Reykjavík, in the case of a determination of REIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement. 
Relevant Screen Page shall mean the screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or such other page, section or other part 
as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of (i) displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate or, (ii) 
displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) for the relevant Reset Reference Rate, as the 
case may be. 
Relevant Time shall mean the time specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement specify a 
Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above 
is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement specify a 
Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above 
is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation 
Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation 
Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or which 
are VPS Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented 
by such Global Note or which are VPS Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/365” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be calculated by (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the Principal 
Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then (in 
the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) 
the VPS Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation 
Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, (in the case of 
VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will be promptly notified to 
each stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
4.3 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If: 
(a) 
the Notes are Reset Notes and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as the Reset Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
the Notes are Floating Rate Notes and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined,  
and, in each case, if Reference Rate Replacement is also specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable, then the provisions of this 
Condition 5.3 shall apply.   
If notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.2(b)(ii) or Condition 5.4(b), the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS 
Notes) (in each case, in consultation with the Issuer) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred when any Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining:

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than the relevant IA Determination Cut-off 
Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.3 during any other future 
Interest Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 5.3: 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall 
be the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.3); 
(B) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(x) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5.3); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, an Adjustment Spread, then the relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.3); and 
(C) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
other changes to these Conditions which it determines are reasonably 
necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, (1) the 
Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, 
Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reset Reference Rate, 
Reference Banks, Reset Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time and/or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable) applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the 
fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not 
available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
proper operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable),  
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5.3); and 
(D) 
promptly following the determination of (x) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (y) if applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective 
date thereof) pursuant to Condition 5.3(ii)(C) to the Principal Paying Agent (in the 
case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of 
VPS Notes), the VPS Account Manager (in the case of VPS Notes) and each stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14.   
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) described in this Condition 5.3 or such 
other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 5.3(ii), including for the execution of any documents or 
the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement and/or (if 
applicable) the VPS Account Manager Agreement (if required). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5.3 prior to the relevant IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to 
the fallback provisions of Condition 5.2(b)(ii) or Condition 5.4(b) (as applicable). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Condition 5.3, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made 
pursuant to this Condition 5.3 if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities or result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.3, no 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no 
other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5.3 if, and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.3 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.3. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied 
to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if neither (i) nor (ii) above applies, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines to be 
appropriate; 
Alternative Reference Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
component part thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable duration:  
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, to the relevant Interest Periods; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes, to the relevant Reset Periods, 
or in any case, if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that there is no such rate, such other rate 
as it determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; or  
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (iv) (A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
before a specified date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than 
VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) or any of the parties to 
the Agency Agreement and/or (if applicable) the VPS Account Manager Agreement to 
calculate any payments due to be made to the Noteholders using the Original Reference Rate; 
or 
(vii) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; 
IA Determination Cut-off Date means: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Period, the date that is no later than five 
Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
if the Reset Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as Mid-Swap Rate, in any Reset Period, the date that is no 
later than five Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Reset Period;  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, under Applicable MREL Regulations;  
Original Reference Rate means:  
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) of the  
Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this 
Condition 5.3; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate, which successor or replacement is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
4.4 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rate of Interest 
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date (the Initial Period), at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at 
the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of each Interest Period falling in the Initial Period will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on the first Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so 
specified. 
The Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation 
Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which a Rate of 
Interest in respect of a Reset Period is to be determined, determine the relevant Rate of Interest for 
such Reset Period.  
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the 
Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent 
(in the case of VPS Notes) will calculate the amount of interest (the Reset Notes Interest Amount) 
payable on the Reset Notes for any period by applying the relevant Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note or which are VPS 
Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note or which are VPS Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Reset Notes Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
(b) 
Fallbacks 
If the Reset Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement as Mid-Swap Rate and if on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available or the Reset Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes in respect of each Interest Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will, subject as 
provided in Condition 5.3, as applicable, be determined by the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) on the 
following basis: 
(a) 
the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS 
Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) shall request each of the Reset Reference 
Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or 
the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) as the case may be, with its Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in question; 
(b) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent (in the case 
of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) 
with the Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal 
to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and (B) the Relevant 
Reset Margin, all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other 
than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes); 
(c) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal 
to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations 
provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case 
of VPS Notes); 
(d) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum 
of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS 
Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes); 
(e) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) with 
a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 4.4, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) will be equal to the sum of (A) the relevant Reset Reference Rate determined on 
the last preceding Reset Determination Date and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest will be equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable, (A) the 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin;

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
(ii) 
if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable, (A) the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin; or 
(iii) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable, (A) 
the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period which appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin, 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) 
or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes).  
(c) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 4.4(c) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted by the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS 
Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement to a 
basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes 
(such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution 
selected by it). 
(d) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
In respect of a Reset Period, the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) 
or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) will cause the relevant Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Reset Period and each Reset Notes Interest Amount for each Interest Period falling in 
such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager 
and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.2(f)) thereafter. Each Reset Notes 
Interest Amount so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction has the meaning given in Condition 4.2(d); 
Fallback Relevant Time has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement;  
Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York at http://www.newyork fed.org, or any successor source; 
First Reset Margin has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Maturity Date; 
First Reset Period Fallback Yield means the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period and, if applicable, subject to 
Condition 4.4(b) and 4.4(c), the rate of interest determined by the Principal Paying Agent (in the 
case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First 
Reset Margin; 
H.15 means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
Board 
of 
Governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication; 
Interest Period has the meaning given in Condition 4.2(a); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means, subject as provided in Condition 4.3, if applicable, for any Reset 
Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency 
equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS 
Notes)) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which 
transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset 
Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating 
leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS 
Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes)); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro); 
NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner); STIBOR (if the Specified Currency is 
Swedish Krona); REIBOR (if the Specified Currency is króna) or (in the case of any other Specified 
Currency) the benchmark rate most closely connected with such Specified Currency and selected by 
the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes 
other than VPS Notes) or the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the VPS Calculation 
Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) in each case, subject as provided in Condition 4.4, if applicable; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. In the case of Notes other than Exempt 
Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or 
monthly; 
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
Reference Bond means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued 
by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, 
shall be Germany), as selected by the Issuer in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (in the

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the Issuer in consultation with the VPS Calculation Agent 
(in the case of VPS Notes), in each case, on the advice of an investment bank of international repute, 
that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable maturity to such Reset Period;  
Reference Bond Quotation means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset 
Determination Date: 
(a) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation 
Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) of the bid and offered yields for the relevant Reference 
Bond provided to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or 
the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) by such Reset Reference Bank at 
approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the rate, as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case 
of VPS Notes), of the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield-to-maturity based 
on the secondary market bid price of such Reset Reference Bank for the relevant Reset 
United States Treasury Security at approximately the Fallback Relevant Time on the United 
States Government Securities Business Day following such Reset Determination Date; 
Relevant Reset Margin means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Reset Margin or 
the Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Reset Period; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date 
in relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined on 
the basis of the Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case 
of VPS Notes) at approximately: 
(a) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Relevant Time on such Reset 
Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Fallback Relevant Time on the United States 
Government Securities Business Day following such Reset Determination Date. 
If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the 
Reference Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, 
the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be (i) in the case of each Reset 
Period other than the First Reset Period, the Reset Reference Bank Rate in respect of the 
immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Period, the First Reset 
Period Fallback Yield;  
Reset Reference Banks means:  
(a) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities 
or other market most closely connected with the relevant Reset Reference Rate; 
(b) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks which are primary 
government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
denominated in the Specified Currency; or 
(c) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, five major banks which are primary United 
States Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
denominated in U.S. dollars, as published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s 
Website,  
in each case, as selected by the Issuer in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Notes other than VPS Notes) or the Issuer in consultation with the VPS Calculation Agent (in the 
case of VPS Notes); 
Reset Reference Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 5.3 
and Condition 5.4(b), if applicable: 
(a) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement: 
(i)  
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, all 
as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or 
VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes); or 
(b) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
if a Relevant Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS 
Notes) or VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes) by reference to the 
Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if (i) a Relevant Screen Page is so specified and such rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date or 
(ii) a Relevant Screen Page is not so specified, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on 
such Reset Determination Date; or 
(c) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement and if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, the rate which is equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for United States Treasury 
Securities at “constant maturity” for a designated maturity which is equal or 
comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 under 
the caption “Treasury constant maturities (nominal)”, as that yield is displayed on 
such Reset Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above is not published by the Relevant Time 
on the Relevant Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the Original Reset 
Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for the United States Treasury Securities at 
“constant maturity” having a period to maturity which is equal or comparable to the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period as published in H.15 under the caption 
“Treasury constant maturities (nominal)” on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if neither the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above nor the yield referred to in 
paragraph (ii) above is published on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date,  
in each case, all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS 
Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent (in the case of VPS Notes);  
Reset United States Treasury Security means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, the 
United States Treasury Security: 
(a) 
with an original term to maturity upon issue of approximately the duration of the relevant 
Reset Period and a remaining term to maturity of not less than one year less than the duration 
of the relevant Reset Period; and  
(b) 
which is in a principal amount equal to at least U.S.$1,000,000,000;

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Subsequent Reset Margin has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the 
Maturity Date, as the case may be;  
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and, if 
applicable, subject to Condition 4.4(b) and Condition 5.4(c), the rate of interest determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) or the VPS Calculation Agent 
(in the case of VPS Notes) on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin;  
United States Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which, due to a recommendation of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or its successor), the fixed income departments of its members are closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
United States Treasury Securities means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis. 
4.5 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of Condition 4.2 and 4.4 by (in 
the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the Principal Paying Agent, (in the case of VPS Notes) the 
VPS Calculation Agent or (as provided in Condition 5.3) an Independent Adviser, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the VPS Account Manager, the VPS Calculation Agent, the other Agents (each if applicable) 
and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent, the 
VPS Calculation Agent or such Independent Adviser (each if applicable) in connection with the 
exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.6 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent, the VPS Account Manager or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below:

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); 
and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive 
Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note 
(other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to 
be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on 
such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, 
at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due 
date.  Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a holder does not have a Designated Account or 
(b) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate 
equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below).  For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non 
resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank 
and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a 
Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which 
processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on 
the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately 
preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for 
this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before 
the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date) 
at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk.  Upon application of the 
holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect 
of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided 
in the preceding paragraph.  Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future 
payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which 
become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
notified in writing to the contrary by such holder.  Payment of the interest due in respect of each 
Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount 
of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post.  No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer and the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments in relation to Notes other than VPS Notes 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.6 
VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes shall be made by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer to the holders shown in the records of Euronext VPS in accordance with, and subject to the 
rules and regulations from time to time governing, Euronext VPS. 
5.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is:

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; or 
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, a day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET 2 System is open. 
5.8 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(d) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6.7(b)); and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Notes may, save as provided below, be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Principal Paying Agent, and (in 
the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager and, in accordance with Condition 13, the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
Noteholders, if as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date 
of the last Tranche of the Notes: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer:  
(i) 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, would not be entitled to claim a full tax 
deduction in a Tax Jurisdiction in respect of such payment; and  
(b) 
(in the case of paragraph (a)(i) above) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
(each a Tax Event) provided that (in the case of paragraph (a)(i) above) no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that a Tax Event has occurred. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption.   
The Issuer undertakes that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will only be 
made in compliance with all the requirements set out herein including, but not limited to, all 
payments being made in the Specified Currency. 
6.3 
Redemption upon a Capital Event – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes in relation to which this Condition 6.3 is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the 
Pricing Supplement, and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Notes may, save as provided below, be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Principal Paying Agent 
and (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager, and, in accordance with Condition 13, 
the Noteholders, if a Capital Event occurs. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager, a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption.  
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meaning: 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Iceland and applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and those 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the 
Relevant Regulator (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law 
and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group);    
Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant 
Regulator, that, as a result of a change (or any pending change which the Relevant Regulator 
considers sufficiently certain) in Icelandic law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change (or 
any pending change which the Relevant Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in the official 
application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche 
of the Notes, the Notes are or, as the case may be, will be excluded in whole or in part from the Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, provided that: (i) such exclusion is not as a result of any 
applicable limitation on such capital and (ii) the Issuer satisfies the Relevant Regulator that such 
exclusion was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Notes;   
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; and 
Subsidiaries means any entity whose affairs are required by law or in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles applicable in Iceland to be consolidated in the Issuer’s consolidated 
accounts. 
6.4 
Redemption upon a MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes 
This Condition 6.4 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
relation to which this Condition 6.4 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) the Pricing Supplement, and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” 
in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Notes may, save as provided below, be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Principal Paying Agent 
and (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager, and, in accordance with Condition 13, 
the Noteholders, if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager, a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem have occurred.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
In the Conditions, MREL Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer that, as a 
result of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully excluded or partially excluded from the 
“eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement 
(however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer or the Group is then 
or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement; provided that a MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (i) the remaining 
maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria 
under the Applicable MREL Regulations, (ii) the Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or (iii) any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or 
successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded.  
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, save as 
provided below, having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to (i) the 
Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager and (ii) in 
the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar or, in the case of a redemption of 
VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected: 
(i) 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes; 
(ii) 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note; or 
(iii) 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euronext VPS, in the case of Redeemed Notes which 
are VPS Notes,  
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter 
called the Selection Date).   
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the 
period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
pursuant to this Condition 6.5 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
The Issuer undertakes that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 6.5 will only be 
made in compliance with all the requirements set out herein including, but not limited to, all 
payments being made in the Specified Currency. 
6.6 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Redemption Option) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.12, if Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, in the 
event that at least 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) the Pricing Supplement of the initial aggregate principal amount of a 
particular Series of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt include any additional notes issued  
subsequently pursuant to Condition 15 and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a 
particular Series of Notes) has been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries, and in each case, cancelled (the Clean-up Percentage), the Issuer may, at its option, 
having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to (i) the 
Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account Manager and (ii) in 
the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar or, in the case of a redemption of 
VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem in 
whole, but not in part, the Notes then outstanding on the Clean-up Redemption Date and at the 
Clean-up Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Clean-up Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, no Clean-up Redemption Option shall be permitted prior to five years from their Issue Date.  
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2, Condition 6.3 and Condition 6.4, each Note will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, at its nominal amount; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of 
a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days form (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and payable and the denominator will be 365). 
6.8 
Purchases 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such 
Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, in the case of Notes other than 
VPS Notes, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation or, in the case of 
VPS Notes, cancelled by deletion from the records of Euronext VPS. 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith), in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, 
shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, shall be deleted from 
the records of Euronext VPS and, in any case, cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 or 6.5 above is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 6.7(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced 
by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes) the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account 
Manager and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
6.11 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.11 applies only to Subordinated Notes and “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this 
Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If Condition 6.11 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, and at any time a Capital Event or a Tax Event occurs, or to 
ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, subject to the provisions of Condition 
6.13, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account 
Manager and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some 
only, of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the governing law of 
Condition 18 from English law to Icelandic law) so that they remain, or, as appropriate, become, 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities, provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give 
rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with 
the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account 
Manager, a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such substitution or variation and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to substitute or, as the case may be, vary the terms of the 
Notes, have occurred. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to governing law of Condition 18 to Icelandic law in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a ranking at least equal to 
that of the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (ii) have 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iii) 
have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, 
as the case may be; (iv) comply with the then current requirements of the FSA in relation to 
Tier 2 Capital; (v) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which 
has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date, and (vi) where Notes which have been substituted or varied 
had a published solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution 
or variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an 
equal or higher published solicited rating to the relevant Qualifying Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; and 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or its successor. 
6.12 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 6.12 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
“Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
If Condition 6.12 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, and at any time a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event 
occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6.13, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) to the Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS 
Account Manager and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, either substitute all, but 
not some only, of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the governing 
law of Condition 18 from English law to Icelandic law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined below), as 
the case may be. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account 
Manager, a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such substitution or variation and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to substitute or, as the case may be, vary the terms of the 
Notes, have occurred. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to governing law of Condition 18 to Icelandic law in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) include a ranking at least equal 
to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be; (ii) have the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iii) have the same 
redemption rights as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may 
be; (iv) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations; (v) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the 
date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date; (vi) where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published solicited 
rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such 
Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published solicited rating to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities, and 
(vii) not include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs or 
conversion to equity, unless the triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; and 
Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to governing law of Condition 18 to Icelandic law in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) include a ranking at least equal 
to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be; (ii) have the

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iii) have the same 
redemption rights as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may 
be; (iv) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations; (v) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the 
date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date; (vi) where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published solicited 
rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such 
Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published solicited rating to the relevant Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, and (vii) not 
include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs or 
conversion to equity, unless the triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
6.13 
Consent of the Relevant Regulator 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under 
Condition 6.8 or substitution or variation under Condition 6.11, shall take place without the prior 
written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent then required by the Relevant 
Regulator). In addition, in respect of any redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 
6.2, 6.3 or 6.4 only, and except to the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer requires, the Issuer 
may only redeem such Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes if 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that 
entitles it to exercise such right of redemption was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of 
the last Tranche of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, redemption of Subordinated Notes under 
Condition 6.1 shall not require the consent of the Relevant Regulator.  
In the case of Senior Preferred and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, no early redemption in any 
circumstances, purchase under Condition 6.8 or substitution or variation under Condition 6.12, shall 
take place without the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent then 
required by the Applicable Banking Regulations). For the avoidance of doubt, redemption of Senior 
Preferred and Senior Non-Preferred Notes under Condition 6.1 shall not require the consent of the 
Relevant Regulator. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law (including any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto).  In such event, in the case 
of a payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (Additional Amounts) as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon:  
(a) 
presented for payment in Iceland; or

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an Additional Amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.7); or 
(d) 
on account of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld 
by reason of the application of Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any successor 
provisions), any regulation, pronouncement or agreement thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any intergovernmental agreement or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, whether currently in effect or as published and amended from time to time. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Iceland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by (in the case of Notes other than VPS 
Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or (in the case of VPS Notes) the VPS Account 
Manager, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
Pursuant to point 8 of the first Paragraph of Article 3 of Icelandic Act No 90/2003 on Income Tax 
(the Icelandic Income Tax Act), non-Icelandic residents are not subject to tax on any interest 
income derived by them from the Notes and Coupons provided the Notes are registered with a 
securities depository within the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the  
European Economic Area or a member of the European Free Trade Association or the Faroe Islands 
(any such securities depository, an Eligible Securities Depository) and the Issuer registers the Notes 
with the Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland. The Issuer undertakes to ensure that any Notes 
are registered and accepted for clearance with an Eligible Securities Depository (which would 
include Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) and to register any Notes with the Directorate of 
Internal Revenue in Iceland on or prior to the Issue Date of the Notes and to obtain a certificate of 
exemption in respect thereof. In the event that such exemption to the Icelandic Income Tax Act is 
forfeited, suspended or revoked as a result of the Issuer failing to register the Notes as aforesaid or 
the Notes being in definitive form and held outside an Eligible Securities Depository or the Notes 
otherwise ceasing to be registered with an Eligible Securities Depository or for any other reason and 
any payment in respect of the Notes is accordingly subject to withholding or deduction pursuant to 
the Icelandic Income Tax Act, the Issuer will pay such Additional Amounts as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of  interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction (and the exceptions set out in paragraphs (a) to (f) above shall not be 
applicable). 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (in whatever form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal 
and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
9. 
ENFORCEMENT EVENTS 
The following events or circumstances (each an Enforcement Event) shall constitute enforcement 
events in relation to the Notes: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or 
any of them and the default continues for a period of three days in the case of principal and 
seven days in the case of interest, any Noteholder may, at its own discretion and without 
further notice, institute proceedings in Iceland in order to recover the amounts due from the 
Issuer to such Noteholder, provided that a Noteholder may not at any time file for 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. Any Noteholder may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any 
obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the 
Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or 
sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it; and 
(b) 
if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer, then the Notes shall become due and payable at their outstanding principal 
amount together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
This Condition 10 only applies to Notes other than VPS Notes. 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and the initial VPS Account Manager and their initial specified 
offices are set out below.  If any additional Paying Agents or Transfer Agents or any alternative VPS 
Account Manager is appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such agents will be 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or the VPS Account 
Manager and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or additional or other agents in respect of 
VPS Notes provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority;

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(d) 
in the case of VPS Notes, there will always be a VPS Account Manager authorised to act as 
an account holding institution with Euronext VPS. 
In addition, in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying 
Agent having a specified office in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.5.  
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and/or the VPS Account Manager Agreement, the Agents 
and the VPS Account Manager act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation 
to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with 
which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
This Condition 12 only applies to Notes other than VPS Notes. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
13.1 
Notes other than VPS Notes 
This Condition 13.1 only applies to Notes other than VPS Notes. 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on 
the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
holders of the Notes on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
13.2 
VPS Notes 
This Condition 13.2 only applies to VPS Notes. 
All notices regarding the VPS Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in accordance 
with the procedures of Euronext VPS. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the VPS Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given to the holders of the VPS Notes on the date it is 
published in accordance with the procedures of Euronext VPS. 
Notices to be given by any holder of VPS Notes may be given by such holder through Euronext VPS 
in such manner as the VPS Account Manager and Euronext VPS may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
14.1 
Notes other than VPS Notes 
This Condition 14.1 only applies to Notes other than VPS Notes. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in Schedule 5, Part 1 of the Agency Agreement) of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons 
or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer 
and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at 
any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes 
or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant 
in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution 
passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority 
consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each 
case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not 
they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Any modification to the Conditions is subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator (if 
such permission is then required by the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or the Applicable 
MREL Regulations, as applicable). 
14.2 
VPS Notes 
This Condition 14.2 only applies to VPS Notes. 
Meetings of Noteholders (a Noteholders’ Meeting) may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding a certificate or certificates (dated no 
earlier than 14 days prior to the meeting) from either the Euronext VPS or the VPS Account 
Manager stating that each such Noteholder is entered into the records of the Euronext VPS as a 
Noteholder, and such Noteholder or Noteholders collectively hold or represent not less than 50 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding and provide an undertaking that 
no transfers or dealings have taken place or will take place in the relevant Notes until the conclusion 
of the meeting, or at any adjourned meeting one or more such persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented; except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes as set out 
in Schedule 5, Part 2, subclause 3.5 of the Agency Agreement (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount 
of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the Notes), the quorum shall be one or more such persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented. A resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
For the purposes of a meeting of the Noteholders, the person named in the certificate from the 
Euronext VPS or the VPS Account Manager described above shall be treated as the holder of the 
Notes specified in such certificate provided that he has given an undertaking not to transfer the Notes 
so specified (prior to the close of the meeting).

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
The provisions for the convening and holding of such Noteholders’ Meetings are set out in the 
Agency Agreement. 
The VPS Account Manager, the Principal Paying Agent (insofar as the relevant modification relates 
to the Agency Agreement) and the Issuer may agree without the consent of any of the Noteholders, 
to any modification of the VPS Notes, the VPS Account Manager Agreement or the Agency 
Agreement (insofar as the relevant modification to the Agency Agreement relates to the VPS Notes) 
which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Any modification to the Conditions is subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator (if 
such permission is then required by the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or the Applicable 
MREL Regulations, as applicable). 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes, or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between any of the parties thereto or between the Issuer and any 
Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 17, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes), each Noteholder by its purchase of the Notes will be deemed to acknowledge, 
accept, and agree, that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by:  
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of 
the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and 
the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity date of the Notes or the amendment of 
the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest become 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
In the Conditions the following expressions shall have the following meaning: 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes pursuant to Condition 7. References to 
such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been 
paid, prior to the exercise of any applicable Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer; and 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers mean any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related powers existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with (i) any statutory regime implemented or directly effective in Iceland which 
provides any Relevant Resolution Authority with the powers to implement loss absorption measures 
in respect of capital instruments (such as the Notes), including, but not limited to any regime which 
is implemented pursuant to, or which otherwise contains provisions analogous to, the BRRD and (ii) 
the instruments, rules and standards created under any such regime, pursuant to which any obligation 
of the Issuer can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes 
and the Coupons, are and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, 
except for (i) Condition 3 which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic 
law and (ii) the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS and Condition 14.2, which shall, in each 
case, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. The VPS Account Manager 
Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as 
to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of 
their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and 
any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
(c) 
This Condition 18.2(c) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders only.  To the 
extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or 
Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints LOGOS Legal Services Ltd. at Paternoster House, 65 St Paul’s Churchyard, 
London EC4M 8AB, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before 
the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and undertakes that, in the event of LOGOS Legal 
Services Ltd. ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person 
as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure 
by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect 
the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
18.4 
Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Notes and the Coupons 
any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction or execution and any similar 
defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief or the issue of any 
process, including without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property 
whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment made or given in 
connection with any Dispute. 
18.5 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to 
those set out above.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an amount equal to the net proceeds (in respect of (b) 
below) from each issue of Notes will, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, be: 
(a) 
used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Sustainability Instruments, used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, the Issuer’s 
investments in Eligible Assets, as further described in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and the Sustainable Financing Framework dated 28 October 
2020 
(as 
amended 
or 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time) 
(https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB_Sustainable_Financing_Framework.pdf
); or 
(c) 
used to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
Sustainability Instruments 
In respect of (b) above, the Sustainable Financing Framework describes the Eligible Assets to which an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of an issuance of Sustainability Instruments may be allocated. The 
Sustainable Financing Framework has been prepared by the Issuer in accordance with, inter alia, the 
International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles from 2018, Social Bond Principles 
from 2020 and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines from 2018.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, the Sustainable Financing Framework provides that the Issuer intends to allocate an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the Sustainability Instruments to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
sustainability loans, equity, and/or projects, investments and expenditures located predominantly in Iceland, 
as determined by the Issuer in accordance with the project categories identified in the Sustainable Financing 
Framework, all referred to as ‘Eligible Assets’. The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement will specify whether the Sustainability Instruments are intended to be used for Green 
Projects, Blue Projects and/or Social Projects. 
As set out in the Sustainable Financing Framework, the following project categories fall within Green 
Project: (i) clean transportation; (ii) eco-efficient and circular economy adapted products, production 
technologies and processes; (iii) energy efficiency; (iv) pollution prevention and control; (v) renewable 
energy; (vi) green buildings; (vii) environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and 
land use, and terrestrial biodiversity conservation; (viii) sustainable waste management; and (ix) information 
& communications technology. 
As set out in the Sustainable Financing Framework, the following project categories fall within Blue Project: 
(i) eco-efficient and circular economy adapted products, production technologies and processes; (ii) pollution 
prevention and control; and (iii) clean transportation. 
As set out in the Sustainable Financing Framework, the following project categories fall within Social 
Project: (i) government defined company support; (ii) affordable housing; (iii) education and vocational 
training; (iv) financial support for micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs); (v) equality and 
empowerment; and (vi) affordable basic infrastructure. 
Governance: project evaluation and selection

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
As with all lending activities, all potential sustainability loans will undergo the Issuer’s robust standard credit 
process which is designed to ensure compliance with applicable domestic and international rules and 
regulations, know-your-customer processes and the Issuer’s internal policies and guidelines, such as related 
to credit, anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing and sanctions policies. Moreover, potential 
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks are assessed. When assessing prospective eligible 
projects and their non-financial impacts, the Issuer may rely on analysis provided by external parties, in 
addition to its own assessment. 
Management of proceeds and reporting 
The Issuer uses its sustainability registry, on a portfolio basis, to keep track of Eligible Assets as well as a 
separate registry for its Sustainability Instruments. The Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a level of 
allocation for Eligible Assets which matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding 
Sustainability Instruments. The sustainability registries ensure that the net proceeds from Sustainability 
Instruments only support the financing of sustainability loans or to repay Sustainability Instruments. While 
any proceeds or Sustainability Instruments remain unallocated to Eligible Assets, the Issuer will temporarily 
hold or invest any unallocated net proceeds at its own discretion in its liquidity portfolios. 
The Issuer will annually provide the Allocation and Impact Reporting published on its website at a 
concurrent time as its Annual and Sustainability Report.  
None of the Dealers, the Arranger, any of its affiliates or any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus 
makes any representation as to the suitability of such Sustainability Instruments to fulfil environmental and 
sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. None of the Dealers, the Arranger or any of its 
affiliates shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Assets, (ii) any verification of whether the 
Eligible Assets falls within an investor's requirements or expectations of a “green” or “sustainable” or 
equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any 
Sustainability Instruments. 
External Reviews 
The Issuer also applies the recommendation to use the services of an independent external second opinion 
provider (the Second Party Opinion). A Second Party Opinion has been obtained on the Sustainable 
Financing Framework from the Second Party Opinion provider Sustainalytics, assessing the sustainability of 
the Sustainable Financing Framework and its alignment with the ICMA Green Bond Principles from 2018, 
Social Bond Principles from 2020 and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines from 2018. It is available on the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB_Sustainable_Financing_Framework_Second-
Party_Opinion_by_Sustainalytics.pdf). Any amendment to such Second Party Opinion, or any new Second 
Party Opinion, to be provided following an amendment to the Sustainable Financing Framework, the 
publication of a new Sustainable Financing Framework or in application of any new legislation or regulation, 
will be made available on the Issuer’s website.  
An independent assurance provider will provide on an annual basis limited assurance that an amount equal to 
the net proceeds has been allocated to sustainable loans which will be published on the Issuer’s website.  
Any 
information 
contained 
in 
or 
accessible 
through 
any 
website, 
including 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/article/sustainable-financing-framework 
and 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB_Sustainable_Financing_Framework_Second-
Party_Opinion_by_Sustainalytics.pdf, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated 
in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
 
NAME, INCORPORATION AND REGISTRATION 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Íslandsbanki hf. The Issuer is a public limited company 
incorporated in Iceland on 14 October 2008. It is registered with the Register of Enterprises (Skattsins) in 
Iceland and bears the registration number 491008-0160. The registered office of the Issuer is at Hagasmári 3, 
201 Kópavogur, Iceland, and its telephone number is +354 440 4000. The Issuer’s homepage is: 
www.islandsbanki.is.  Information on the website is not part of this Base Prospectus unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s operations are subject to the provisions of the Act on Public Limited Companies No. 2/1995 and 
the Act on Financial Undertakings. The Issuer is authorised to provide all financial services stipulated in the 
Act on Financial Undertakings. Its activities are under the supervision of FSA. 
HISTORY & DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer traces its roots back to 1904 when the original Íslandsbanki hf. was founded as the first privately-
owned bank in Iceland. Útvegsbanki Íslands took over Íslandsbanki’s operations in 1930 and in 1990, 
Útvegsbanki Íslands, Alþýðubanki Íslands, Iðnaðarbanki Íslands and Verslunarbanki Íslands merged into 
Íslandsbanki hf.  In 2000, Íslandsbanki hf. merged with The Icelandic Investment Bank (FBA), which was 
created through the merger of three state-owned credit funds, forming Íslandsbanki-FBA hf. (Bank).  As a 
result of the merger, the Bank further solidified its connections with the corporate sector, particularly in the 
seafood industry. In the years 2000 to 2007, the Bank expanded its business beyond Iceland by first lending 
to seafood enterprises in northern Europe and North America, and later through strategic acquisitions in the 
Nordic countries. In March 2006, the Bank was rebranded as Glitnir banki hf. (all the aforementioned banks 
collectively referred to as Glitnir). 
Following the collapse of the Icelandic banking system in October 2008, by decree of the newly passed Act 
on the Authority for Treasury Disbursements due to Unusual Financial Market Circumstances etc. No. 
125/2008 (usually referred to as the Emergency Act), the Issuer assumed the domestic assets and liabilities 
of Glitnir while the remainder of Glitnir’s assets, which were mostly foreign assets, were left within Glitnir 
under the supervision of a Resolution Committee (Resolution Committee), which was appointed to 
maximise the recovery value of those assets for the benefit of its creditors.  The Issuer, initially named New 
Glitnir banki hf., reverted to its previous brand name of Íslandsbanki hf., on 20 February 2009.  
On 13 September 2009, Glitnir, on behalf of its creditors, and the Icelandic government reached an 
agreement on the settlement of assets and liabilities between the Issuer and Glitnir. Under the agreement, the 
Resolution Committee acquired a 95 per cent. stake in the Issuer. Glitnir therefore assumed majority control 
of the Issuer and a new board of directors of the Issuer (the Board of Directors) was appointed on 25 
January 2010. The 95 per cent. stake was owned by ISB Holding ehf., a holding company wholly owned by 
GLB Holding ehf, which is a subsidiary of Glitnir. In January 2016, Glitnir signed an agreement to deliver 
the 95 per cent. stake to the Icelandic Government as part of the estate’s stability contribution. The change 
became effective upon being approved by the Competition Authority on 11 March 2016.   
In June 2011, the Issuer announced that it had successfully won a public bid for the entire share capital of 
Byr hf., a local bank in Iceland. Byr hf. focused mainly on retail banking and was built on the foundation of 
an older savings bank, which became insolvent in April 2010. The shares were acquired from the Byr hf.’s 
winding up committee and the Icelandic government. The acquisition price was ISK 6.6 billion. The 
acquisition agreement was executed on 29 November 2011 and the acquisition was completed in the first 
quarter of 2012.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
In March 2011, the Issuer acquired all shares of the credit card company, Kreditkort hf. and on 27 March 
2012, Kreditkort hf. was merged into the Issuer. 
Between 2017 and 2019, the Issuer underwent a digital transformation. In 2018, the Board approved an open 
banking strategy and the Issuer successfully replaced its core banking system, including an effective 
migration of an old legacy system to a global standardised core banking system (SOPRA) for payments and 
deposits. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
The Issuer is an Icelandic bank headquartered in Iceland. Its primary market is Iceland.  
The Issuer is licensed as a commercial bank in Iceland in accordance with Point 1 of Art. 4(1) of the Act on 
Financial Undertakings and offers comprehensive services to the retail and corporate sectors.  The Issuer is 
one of Iceland’s three main banks and maintains a strong market share across the spectrum of banking 
services in the country.  According to Capacent Gallup market surveys in 2020, the Issuer had approximately 
32 per cent. of the market share in personal banking, 35 per cent. of the market share in business banking and 
35 per cent. of the market share of corporate & investment banking. The Issuer seeks to move Iceland 
forward by empowering its customers to succeed and prioritize sustainability as an integral driver of strategy 
and value creation.. 
The Issuer's core values are passion, professionalism and collaboration. 85 per cent. of employees of the 
Issuer believe that the Issuer is a force of positive change and believe in the strategy of the Issuer. Employee 
satisfaction has been consistently high. 
The Issuer operates 12 branches, half of which are based around the Reykjavík metropolitan area.  It also 
maintains a presence in larger municipalities across Iceland.  
The Issuer’s business lines are as follows: 
Personal Banking - Provides customers with a comprehensive range of financial services, with a strong 
emphasis on digital distribution channels. 
Business Banking – Provides small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with comprehensive financial 
services. Ergo, the Issuer’s asset financing service, is also part of Business Banking. 
Corporate & Investment Banking – Offers a full range of financial and investment banking services to 
large companies, pension funds, municipalities, mutual funds, investors and affluent individuals. 
Personal Banking 
Personal Banking offers a full range of financial services for individuals and households, such as lending, 
savings and payments, with a particular focus on digital and self-service solutions. The Issuer's customers are 
increasingly taking care of their day-to-day banking via digital solutions, such as mobile apps, online 
banking and the secure web chat. Customers can also visit the Issuer's efficient branch network for 
comprehensive consultancy services or contact the contact centre. 
Business Banking 
Business Banking provides comprehensive banking services and versatile banking products to SMEs, such as 
lending, savings offers and payment solutions offered through business banking centres in Kópavogur and 
Akureyri, including 10 strategically located branches around Iceland, as well as through online banks and 
mobile apps. Ergo, the Issuer's asset-based financing division is also part of Business Banking. Customers 
also have full access to their business and day-to-day operations via online banking and mobile apps. The 
Business Banking call centre is operated from Norðurturn, the headquarter branch. According to Gallup

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
surveys, the Issuer has been voted market leader in Business Banking in Iceland for the previous 11 years. 
Additionally the Issuer has consistently scored highest in service amongst peers according to the same 
surveys. 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Corporate & Investment Banking provides services to large companies, municipalities, institutional investors 
and high net worth individuals. The product and services offering is a comprehensive range of financial and 
investment banking services, including lending, securities and currency brokerage, corporate advisory 
services, private banking services and sales of hedging instruments. The division is focused on building and 
maintaining relationships across all industry divisions within Iceland. Outside of Iceland, the division has a 
special focus on the North Atlantic seafood industry, leveraging its expertise in the domestic market and 
global contacts. 
Support Divisions 
Finance  
The Finance division includes finance and accounting operations as well as treasury and financial 
institutions, back office functions and investor relations.  This division also manages and oversees 
shareholding in the Issuer’s subsidiaries.  
Risk Management  
The Issuer has an independent risk management function, Risk Management, headed by the Chief Risk 
Officer. Risk Management is responsible for ensuring efficient implementation of the Issuer's risk strategy 
and policies, for verifying that the Issuer has efficient risk management processes in place and that each key 
risk that the Issuer faces is identified and properly managed by the relevant function.  
IT  
The IT division is responsible for the Issuer’s IT platform, and systems and software development, including 
internet banking, websites and its hardware, such as data centres, telephone systems, ATMs and personal 
computers. 
Compliance 
The Compliance division has an independent position within the Issuer’s organisational structure. The 
Compliance division’s function is to assist in managing compliance risk on a consolidated basis. Compliance 
risk is defined as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to the Issuer’s reputation 
in the event of failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and codes of conduct and standards of 
good practice. The Compliance division, in cooperation with Group Internal Audit, performs a special fit and 
proper test by gathering information via questionnaires and examinations to management and key 
employees. 
Group Internal Audit 
Group Internal Audit is an independent function headed by the Chief Audit Executive and is responsible for 
assessing whether the Group's risk management, internal control framework (including internal policies) and 
governance processes are effective and efficient and whether they comply with the relevant legal and 
regulatory requirements. Group Internal Audit is not responsible for internal control or its implementation 
but provides the Group with independent, objective assurance and consulting services designed to add value 
and improve the Group's operations.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
The work of Group Internal Audit is performed in accordance with a risk-based audit plan approved by the 
Board's Audit Committee. Group Internal Audit is furthermore responsible for internal investigations on 
suspected fraudulent activities. Group Internal Audit reports directly to the Board on its findings and 
suggestions for material improvements to the risk management, controls and governance processes. All audit 
recommendations are subject to a formal follow-up procedure by the appropriate levels of management to 
ensure and report their resolution. 
The Chief Audit Executive is appointed by the Board and reports directly to the Board. Group Internal Audit 
operates independently from other departments in accordance with Article 16 of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings. The responsibilities and authorisations of the Chief Audit Executive and Group Internal Audit 
are further outlined in the Group Internal Audit Charter.  
Regulatory and Tax Environment 
Capital Requirements 
The Issuer’s capital management framework is based on CRD IV, which is an EU legislative package 
consisting of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (CRD IV) and Regulation 575/2013/EU (CRR). CRD IV and CRR were implemented into 
Icelandic legislation for the most part by amendments made to the Act on Financial Undertakings (Act on 
Financial Undertakings No. 161/2002) and with the Regulation on the Prudential Requirements for Financial 
Undertakings. The first amendment was introduced on 9 July 2015 by Act No. 57/2015 which amended the 
Act on Financial Undertakings and incorporated into Icelandic law the CRD IV's provisions on capital 
buffers and regulation implementing the provisions of the CRR and other technical standards. The second 
amendment, introduced on 1 September 2016 by Act No. 96/2016, amended the Act on Financial 
Undertakings and incorporated the CRD IV's provisions on operating licences, initial capital, information 
obligations, leverage ratios, supervisory review and the evaluation process. The third amendment, introduced 
on 9 May 2017 by Act No. 23/2017, includes an obligation on financial undertakings to establish effective 
and reliable mechanisms to enable employees to report potential or actual breaches of laws and / or 
regulations that apply to the undertakings. The fourth amendment, introduced on 19 June 2018 by Act No. 
54/2018, further amended the Act on Financial Undertakings and introduced provisions on supervision and 
prudential requirements on a consolidated basis, co-operation with supervisors in other countries in the 
European Economic Area and a legal basis for the regulation on large exposures. The fifth amendment, 
introduced on 18 February 2019 by Act No. 8/2019, amended the Act on Financial Undertakings and 
included provisions regarding the board of directors and auditing. The remaining features of CRD IV (not 
already incorporated by the amendments outlined above) are still to be implemented into Icelandic law. 
The remainder of the CRR was enacted into Icelandic law by the entry into force of Regulation No. 
233/2017 on 6 March 2017.  
Furthermore, a revised European banking package consisting of a regulation amending the CRR (Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 (CRR II)) and a directive amending the CRD IV (Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 
(CRD V)) was published in the EU’s Official Journal on 7 June 2019. CRR II and CRD V introduce changes 
to the leverage ratio, requirements for own fund and MREL, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures 
to central counterparties, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, remuneration, capital 
conservation measures and the NSFR amongst others. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their 
own advisers as to the consequences of the implementation of CRD IV and the CRR as well as further 
changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements in Iceland. 
European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive or BRRD) entered into force.  The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity so as to ensure the 
continuity of the relevant entity’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a 
relevant entity’s failure on the economy and financial system.  
Iceland, together with Liechtenstein and Norway (the EEA States), is a party to the EEA Agreement by 
which the EEA States participate in the internal market of the EU. The BRRD is marked EEA relevant in the 
Official Journal of the EU and thus should be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.  
The provisions of the BRRD have been implemented into Icelandic law by means of a combination of 
legislative acts. First, the passage of Act No. 54/2018, amending the Act on Financial Undertakings, 
implemented the BRRD provisions focusing on recovery plans and timely intervention to prevent an 
economic shock to financial institutions operating in Iceland. 
Second, the enactment of Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment 
Firms implemented the parts of the BRRD which provide for the resolution process, from preventative 
measures and preparation, to decision-making and the implementation of each resolution. Under the Act, the 
Central Bank of Iceland possesses powers of resolution and can take action, prepare and execute resolution 
procedures on behalf of credit institutions and investment firm.  
As the Resolution Authority, the Central Bank oversees the preparation and implementation of each 
resolution and a special funding resource, the Resolution Fund, which is intended to finance the resolution 
process. Additionally, the Act also provides for the implementation of Minimum Requirement for own funds 
and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) in Iceland and amended the amount guaranteed in the deposit guarantee 
scheme under which payments to each depositor are now guaranteed up to the equivalent of EUR 100,000 in 
ISK. 
 
More recently, the Hierarchy of Claims Bill has been submitted to the Icelandic Parliament which intends to 
implement Directive 2017/2399/EU (and amend the Recovery and Resolution Act) with regards to the 
position of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy. The bill is expected to be passed into law 
in May or June 2021, but no assurance can be given that the law will be passed by such time.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant 
entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – 
which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its 
business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or 
part of the business of the relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its 
repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer any assets to 
one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to 
maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another 
resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain 
claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity and to convert certain unsecured debt claims 
(including Notes) to equity (the general bail-in tool), which equity could also be subject to any future 
cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, 
less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it 
requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).  
When applying the general bail-in tool, the resolution authority must first reduce or cancel common equity 
tier one, thereafter reduce, cancel, convert additional tier one instruments and then tier two instruments. 
Other unsubordinated debt may also be reduced, cancelled or converted in accordance with the hierarchy of

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
claims in normal insolvency proceedings. If this total reduction is less than the amount needed, the resolution 
authority will reduce or convert to the extent required the principal amount or outstanding amount payable in 
respect of unsecured creditors in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. 
The BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the application of the general bail-in tool and provides also that 
the resolution authorities may exclude or partially exclude certain further liabilities from the application of 
the general bail-in tool. Accordingly, pari passu liabilities may be treated unequally and as a result, the 
claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may be excluded from the application of the general 
bail-in tool and therefore the holders of such claims may receive a treatment which is more favourable than 
that received by Noteholders. 
Furthermore, the resolution authorities will have the power to amend or alter the maturity of debt instruments 
and other eligible liabilities or amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments and other 
eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period. 
In addition to the resolution tools (such as the general bail-in tool), the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write down or convert into equity, capital instruments 
(such as the Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability and before, or at least together with, the 
application of any other resolution action (non-viability loss absorption). Any shares issued to holders of 
the Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the 
general bail-in tool or other powers under the BRRD. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or group will no longer be viable unless 
the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or converted or (iii) 
extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an 
institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of an EEA State (as defined 
below) and to preserve financial stability. 
Tax Environment  
The Issuer’s results of operations depend, to a certain extent, on tax laws and tax treaties or the interpretation 
thereof. 
In December 2010, the Icelandic Parliament passed the Act on Special Tax on Financial Institutions, No. 
155/2010 under which certain types of financial institution, including the Issuer, are required to pay an 
annual levy of the carrying amount of their liabilities as determined for tax purposes. This levy was 
originally 0.041 per cent. but, in December 2011, a transitional provision was introduced under which 
financial institutions had to pay an additional 0.0875 per cent. of their tax base as assessed for the years 2012 
and 2013. In 2013, the levy was increased and set at 0.376 per cent. of the total debt of the Issuer excluding 
tax liabilities in excess of ISK 50 billion at the end of the year. This levy remained unchanged until 
1 January 2020 when it was reduced to 0.145 per cent. Non-financial subsidiaries are exempt from this tax. 
There can be no assurance that the levy will not be further increased.  
In June 2009, the Icelandic Parliament adopted an amendment to the Income Tax Act No. 90/2003 (the ITA) 
as a result of which payments of Icelandic sourced interest by an Icelandic debtor, such as the Issuer, to a 
foreign creditor, including holders of Notes who are not Icelandic, are taxable in Iceland at a current rate of 
12 per cent. This taxation is applicable unless the foreign creditor can demonstrate and obtain approval from 
the Directorate of Inland Revenue in Iceland that an exemption applies, such as the existence of a relevant 
double taxation treaty, and in such case the provisions of the double tax treaty will apply. Bonds issued by 
energy companies and certain financial institutions, including bonds issued by the Issuer, are also subject to 
exemption. The exemption, subject to certain other requirements, applies to bonds that are held through a 
clearing system, such as Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, within a member state of the Organisation

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the European Economic Area (EEA), a founding 
member state of European Free Trade Association (EFTA) or the Faroe Islands. 
In December 2011, the Icelandic Parliament passed the Act on Tax on Financial Activities, No. 165/2011, 
under which certain types of financial institutions, including the Issuer, were required to pay a special 
additional tax levied on all remuneration paid to employees, with effect from 1 January 2012. The levy is 
currently set at 5.5 per cent. of such remuneration. Additionally, Act No. 165/2011 amended Article 71 of 
the ITA, regarding income tax of legal entities, and imposed a special additional income tax on legal entities 
liable for taxation according to Article 2 of Act No. 165/2011, which includes the Issuer. The levy is set at 6 
per cent. on income over ISK 1 billion, disregarding joint taxation and transferable losses. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Icelandic government, through ISFI, owns 100 per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital. The following 
chart illustrates the Issuer’s organisational structure:   
 
SUBSIDIARIES 
The table below lists the Issuer’s significant subsidiaries and the nature of their business as of 31 December 
2020: 
Subsidiary 
Ownership 
Company Description 
 
Íslandssjódir hf. 
100 per cent. 
Fund management company 
Allianz Ísland hf. 
100 per cent. 
Insurance agent 
10 other non-significant subsidiaries

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of seven directors. Two alternate members are also appointed. The 
Board of Directors appoints the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Audit Executive. The Chief Executive 
Officer appoints the Managing Directors of the Issuer. 
The business address of each director is Íslandsbanki hf., Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland. 
Set forth below are the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors:  
Name 
Title 
Mr. Hallgrímur Snorrason 
Chairman  
Ms. Anna Þórðardóttir  
Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Árni Stefánsson 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Frosti Ólafsson 
Ms. Guðrún Þorgeirsdóttir 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Heiðrún Jónsdóttir 
Mr. Jökull H. Úlfsson  
Member of the Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 
Mr. Hallgrímur Snorrason (Chairman) 
Hallgrímur Snorrason is an independent consultant in official statistics at an international level. He was 
Director-General of Statistics Iceland from 1985 to 2007 and Deputy Managing Director of the National 
Economic Institute of Iceland from 1980 to 1984. He has been a member of the board of several companies, 
including Útvegsbanki Íslands hf., Skýrr and Auður Capital, and has chaired or served on a number of 
governmental committees, both domestically and in connection with Nordic Cooperation, EFTA, EU and the 
OECD. 
Mr. Snorrason holds an M.Sc. degree in Economics from the University of Lund in Sweden and a B.Sc. 
degree in Economics from the University of Edinburgh. 
Ms. Anna Þórðardóttir (Member of the Board of Directors)  
Anna Þórðardóttir has been a board member of a number of companies and organizations, including KPMG 
ehf. and the Institute of State Authorised Public Accountants in Iceland. She is currently a member of the 
board of The Icelandic Center for Future Studies (Framtíðarsetur Íslands) and is chairman of the Board Audit 
Committee of Hagar. Ms. Þórðardóttir was an employee of KPMG in 1988-2015, where she became partner 
in 1999. While at KPMG ehf., she was responsible for the audit of the following companies: Reitir, Hagar, 
365, Baugur Group, Vodafone, Landfestar, Landey, 10-11 and Félagsbústaðir. Anna holds a Cand Oecon. in 
Business Administration from the University of Iceland and is a Chartered Accountant. She has also studied 
towards a Cand. Merc in Financial studies from Handelhøjskolen in Aarhus, Denmark.  
Mr. Árni Stefánsson (Member of the Board of Directors)  
Árni Stefánsson has extensive management experience in power-intensive industry in Iceland and is 
currently manager and member of the executive board at the Rio Tinto primary aluminium plant. Previously, 
he was a manager of the Century Aluminium plant Norðurál in Grundartangi, manager and on the executive 
board with Landsnet (the electric transmission grid company of Iceland), and manager with Landsvirkjun 
(the National Power Company of Iceland). Mr. Stefánsson holds an M.Sc. in electrical engineering.  
Mr. Frosti Ólafsson (Member of the Board of Directors)

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Frosti Ólafsson is an independent strategic consultant. He is the former CEO of ORF Genetics, a leading 
plant biotechnology company that owns and operates BIOEFFECT skin care brand, was the Managing 
Director of Iceland Chamber of Commerce and worked as a strategic consultant for McKinsey & Company. 
In his past roles, Mr. Ólafsson has supported leading domestic and international companies on a wide range 
of topics, including strategy, operations and governance. Mr. Ólafsson is currently a member of the board of 
directors at Reykjavik University and affiliated real estate entities, of Freyja Private Equity Fund and of 
Controlant. Mr. Ólafsson holds an MBA degree from London Business School and a B.Sc. degree in 
economics from University of Iceland and Macquire University in Sydney. 
Ms. Guðrún Þorgeirsdóttir (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Gudrun Þorgeirsdóttir is the Chief Business Development Officer of PayAnalytics. Previously, Gudrun was 
the Chief Financial Officer of Skeljungur. Ms. Þorgeirsdóttir has prior experience as a Chief Risk Officer 
and as an investment manager. Ms. Þorgeirsdóttir is an experienced board member and has served on the 
board of directors of insurance companies, financial companies and retail and service companies, including 
VÍS, Lífís, Lyfja and Lýsing. Ms. Þorgeirsdóttir has a B.Sc. in Industrial Engineering from the University of 
Iceland, an MBA from HEC School of Management in France and is a securities broker licensed by the 
Icelandic Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs. 
Ms. Heiðrún Jónsdóttir (Member of the Board of Directors)  
Heiðrún Jónsdóttir is an attorney at law with Múli Legal Services and serves as a member of the board of 
Reginn hf., a real estate company and Royal Arctic Line. Previously, she was Managing Director at 
Eimskipafélag Íslands hf., Lex Legal Services, and Legal and Human Resources at KEA. She has been 
chairman of the board at Norðlenska, Íslensk Verðbréf and Gildi pension fund and has been a member of the 
board of Síminn hf., Icelandair Group and Olíuverslun Íslands, the Icelandic Banks' Data Centre (RB), Ístak, 
the securities depository Arion Verðbréfavarsla, Þekking and the Icelandic Pension Funds Association. Ms. 
Jónsdóttir serves as a board member of the board of the Icelandic Bar Association form 2016-2019 and was 
the deputy chairman of the board from 2018-2019. Ms. Jónsdóttir holds a Cand. Jur from the University of 
Iceland and is a securities broker licensed by the Icelandic Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs. She 
completed an Advanced Management Program (AMP) at IESE Business School in Barcelona in 2017. 
Mr. Jökull H. Úlfsson (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Jökull Úlfsson has worked in the financial market for the past 25 years where he has acquired comprehensive 
knowledge on financial institutions' operations. Mr. Úlfsson has spent most of his career for Arion Bank hf. 
and its predecessors as a manager in asset management, business development, and human resources. He sat 
on the Board of directors of Stefnir hf. in the years 2013 to 2019 and was Managing Director of Stefnir hf. 
from 2019 to 2020. Mr. Úlfsson holds a Cand. Oecon. degree in business administration from the University 
of Iceland and is a securities broker licensed by the Icelandic Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs. 
Set forth below are the alternate members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors:  
Name 
Title 
Ms. Herdís Gunnarsdóttir 
Alternate Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Óskar Jósefsson 
Alternate Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Herdís Gunnarsdóttir (Alternate Member of the Board of Directors) 
Herdís Gunnarsdóttir is the director of The Icelandic Social Insurance Administration's rights division. 
Herdís holds an MBA degree from the University of Iceland and an M.Sc. degree and B.Sc. degree in 
Nursing from the University of Iceland.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
Mr. Óskar Jósefsson (Alternate Member of the Board of Directors) 
Óskar Jósefsson holds a M.Sc. degree in industrial and operations engineering from Aalborg University in 
Denmark. He is the chief executive officer of Iceland Tourism Task Force since 2016 and has been a 
member of the executive management and board of directors of a number of leading companies in Iceland. 
Senior Management 
The business address of each member of the executive board committee is Íslandsbanki hf., Hagasmári 3, 
201 Kópavogur, Iceland. 
The executive board committee consists of the following seven members: 
Ms. Birna Einarsdóttir, Chief Executive Officer  
Birna Einarsdóttir worked at Iðnaðarbankinn hf., a predecessor of Glitnir, from 1987. After six years with 
Royal Bank of Scotland from 1998, Ms. Einarsdóttir rejoined Glitnir in the fall of 2004 as the Managing 
Director of Sales and Marketing. She was appointed Executive Vice President of Retail Banking of Glitnir in 
August 2007. Ms. Einarsdóttir assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer in October 2008.  
Ms. Einarsdóttir has worked as Head of Marketing for the Icelandic Broadcasting Company Ltd. (Channel 2) 
and Managing Director for the Icelandic Football Pools (Íslensk getspá).  
Ms. Einarsdóttir holds a B.Sc. degree in Business Administration from the University of Iceland and an 
MBA degree from the University of Edinburgh.  
Mr. Jón Guðni Ómarsson, Chief Financial Officer  
Jón Guðni Ómarsson worked in the Capital Markets division at Glitnir from 2000 to 2002. He rejoined 
Glitnir in 2005 and has held various positions in the Leverage Finance and Treasury divisions, working on 
different types of investment and funding transactions. In October 2008, he was appointed Executive 
Director of Treasury of the Issuer and in October 2011, he was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the 
Issuer. 
Mr. Ómarsson holds a B.Sc. degree in Industrial and Mechanical Engineering from the University of Iceland 
and a Master’s degree in Quantitative and Computational Finance (QCF) from the Georgia Institute of 
Technology. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and a securities broker licensed by the Icelandic 
Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs. 
Mr. Guðmundur Kristinn Birgisson, Chief Risk Officer 
Guðmundur Kristinn Birgisson joined Íslandsbanki in 2011 as Executive Director of Risk Monitoring where 
he oversaw the implementation of the Issuer’s Operational Risk Management Framework and monitoring of 
the execution of credit processes.  From 2017, until he was appointed Chief Risk Officer of the Issuer in 
2018, he served as Executive Director of Lending in the Issuer’s Personal Banking division. 
Mr. Birgisson holds a Ph.D. degree in Mathematics Education from Indiana University and a B.A. in 
Philosophy and Science from the University of Iceland. 
Mr. Riaan Dreyer, Managing Director, IT 
 
Riaan Dreyer has been with Íslandsbanki since 2019.  Mr. Dreyer has been in various Chief Information 
Officer roles in South Africa, most notably Standard Bank and Liberty Life, before he relocated to Iceland in 
2016. He then joined Meniga in 2016 after which he joined Arion banki as the Head of Development from 
2017 to 2019.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
Mr. Dreyer holds a Master’s degree in Information Technology from the University of Pretoria, South Africa 
and a Bachelor’s degree in Actuarial Science and Economics. He has completed an AMP management 
programme from IESE Business School, Barcelona. 
Ms. Sigríður Hrefna Hrafnkelsdóttir, Managing Director Personal Banking 
Sigríður Hrefna Hrafnkelsdóttir was appointed Managing Director of Personal Banking for the Issuer in May 
2017. Ms. Hrafnkelsdóttir worked as managing director of retail for Olíusverzlun Íslands from 2014. Before 
that she worked for Arion Bank, Sparisjóðabanki Íslands, Atlas Ejendomme A/S and LEX Law Offices.  
Ms. Hrafnkelsdóttir holds a Cand. Jur. degree from the University of Iceland, is a district court attorney and 
holds an MBA degree from Copenhagen Business School.   
Ms. Una Steinsdóttir, Managing Director Business Banking  
Una Steinsdóttir joined Glitnir in 1991 as a specialist in International Banking. Ms. Steinsdóttir has over 20 
years of experience working for the Issuer and its predecessors and has, among other things, worked in credit 
control and service management. Ms. Steinsdóttir was a branch manager in Keflavik for eight years from 
1999 to 2007 until she was appointed Director of Retail Banking in 2007. She was then appointed Managing 
Director of Retail Banking for the Issuer in October 2008. 
Ms. Steinsdóttir holds a Cand. Oecon degree in Business Administration from the University of Iceland and 
has completed an AMP management programme from IESE Business School, Barcelona.  
Mr. Ásmundur Tryggvason, Managing Director Corporate and Investment Banking  
Ásmundur Tryggvason was Executive Director of the Issuer’s Corporate Finance department from 2012 to 
2019. Mr. Tryggvason has also worked in the Issuer’s Research department and in Business Banking. He has 
also served on the boards of various financial, technology, industrial, telephone and publishing companies. 
Mr. Tryggvason holds a law degree from the Faculty of Law of the University of Iceland, is a District Court 
Attorney and has completed a degree in securities trading.  
Potential Conflict of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest with any of the members of the management or supervisory bodies 
of the Issuer. 
SHAREHOLDERS 
The Icelandic government, through ISFI, owns 100 per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital (10,000,000,000 
shares).  The Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by parties other than the Icelandic 
government, through ISFI.  
On 29 January 2021, the Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs announced the decision to initiate a 
process of selling certain of ISFI’s shares, up to 35 per cent., in the Issuer based on a proposal made by the 
ISFI on 17 December 2020. The Ministry submitted a report setting out the main objectives and procedure of 
the offering to the Budget Committee, the Economic Committee of the Althingi, and the Central Bank of 
Iceland. It was noted that the Budget Committee and the Economic Committee of the Althingi recommended 
that work begin on preparing the offering and for listing of the Issuer on the NASDAQ Iceland. The offering 
reflects ISFI’s objective to support disbursed ownership and diversity, strong and healthy financial markets, 
active competition, efficiency, transparency and effective transmission of information. The offering and the 
listing of the Issuer’s shares on NASDAQ Iceland will expand the shareholder base and enable the Issuer to 
access the Icelandic and other international capital markets.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
IFRS 
The Issuer’s Annual Financial Statements, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, were prepared 
on a going concern basis in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. 
Independent Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, were audited by Ernst & Young ehf.  
Explanatory Notes 
Detailed information regarding the consolidated financial statements is accessible in the explanatory notes in 
the relevant financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Information  
The following tables set forth selected historical consolidated financial information of the Issuer and should 
be read in conjunction with the Annual Financial Statements. The selected historical consolidated financial 
information for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2018, 2019 and 2020 has been derived from 
the Annual Financial Statements, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 140 ---
140

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Issuer is exposed to various risks. The management of these risks is an integral part of the Issuer’s 
operations. The ultimate responsibility for ensuring an adequate risk management framework lies with the 
Issuer’s Board of Directors. The Issuer’s Board of Directors defines and communicates the acceptable level 
of risk through the Issuer’s risk management policies. The Issuer’s risk management framework and policies 
are discussed under Notes 46 to 66 in the 2020 Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
THE REPUBLIC OF ICELAND 
Geography and Environment 
Iceland is a Nordic country, located in the North Atlantic next to Norway, Scotland and Greenland. It is the 
second largest island in Europe and the third largest in the Atlantic Ocean, with a land area of approximately 
103,000 square kilometres and a 200-nautical-mile exclusive economic zone (EEZ) extending over 758,000 
square kilometres in the surrounding waters. Iceland is warmed by the Gulf Stream and enjoys a warmer 
climate than its northerly location would indicate. 
History 
Iceland was settled in the 9th century. The majority of the settlers were of Norse origin and a minority were 
of Celtic origin. In 930, a general legislative and judicial assembly, the Althing, was established, and a 
uniform code of laws for the country was adopted. In 1262, Iceland entered into a union with the Norwegian 
monarchy. When Norway came under the rule of Denmark in 1380, Iceland became a Danish dominion. 
Iceland was granted limited home rule in 1874, which was extended in 1904. With the Act of Union in 1918, 
Iceland became an autonomous state in monarchical union with Denmark. In 1944, Iceland terminated its 
union with Denmark and became an independent republic. Iceland has a parliamentary system of 
government. Legislative power is vested in the parliament and executive power is vested in a cabinet headed 
by a prime minister. The official language is Icelandic, which belongs to the Nordic group of the Germanic 
languages. 
Iceland is a member of the United Nations, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the International 
Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank and the OECD. It is also a party to a number of other multinational 
organisations, including the Nordic Council and the Council of Europe. Iceland joined EFTA in 1970 and is 
a member of the European Economic Area, which is a 26-nation free-trade zone of the EU and the EFTA 
countries. Iceland is also a contracting party to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade and ratified the 
agreement establishing the World Trade Organisation (WTO) in December 1994.  
Economy 
Following the rapid upswing in the Icelandic economy beginning in the middle of the first decade of the 21st 
century, the economy experienced a banking and currency crisis in the second half of 2008. The gross 
domestic product (GDP) contracted considerably during the next two years, the value of assets deteriorated, 
real wages declined and unemployment rose. However, the Icelandic economy subsequently enjoyed a 
period of robust GDP growth in the period 2011-2019 and currently has a GDP per capita among the highest 
in the world.  
The Icelandic economy has a history of considerable volatility. The source of such volatility has historically 
been the fisheries industry, which is the main goods export sector. The business cycle, therefore, has been 
linked to fish catch volumes and fluctuations in the prices of marine products on foreign markets. The 
development of power-intensive industry, which plays a considerable role in export activities, has also been 
the cause of some volatility. The business cycle of the first decade of the 21st century was partly driven by 
investments in this sector. However, these fluctuations can, to a greater extent, be attributed to systemic 
changes in the domestic financial market, which in a short period of time evolved from a capital controlled 
financial market with fixed exchange rates to an open financial market with a floating exchange rate and 
large international privately-run financial institutions. The currency and banking crisis was therefore 
preceded by the classical antecedents to a crisis of such kind and was sparked by the international financial 
crisis that prevailed at the time. 
The IMF approached the Icelandic government at the end of 2008 with the promise of a credit facility in 
exchange for a letter of intent from the Icelandic government agreeing to changes in the Icelandic economy

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
in three main areas: fiscal policy, the activities of financial institutions and stability of the foreign exchange 
market. Despite some initial delays, the Stand-by Agreement with the IMF came to an end on 26 August 
2011.  The Icelandic Parliament imposed capital controls in 2011 pursuant to the Act on Foreign Exchange 
in order to prevent serious difficulties with regard to Iceland’s balance of payments and to stabilise the króna 
exchange rate. On 14 March 2017, Rules no. 200/2017 on Currency Exchange took effect, granting a general 
exemption from the restriction set forth in the Act on Foreign Exchange and effectively lifting the capital 
controls that had previously been in place. The rules, as amended by Rules 568/2017 and 311/2019, are 
expected to remain in effect until the Icelandic Parliament passes into law a recently presented legislative bill 
to formally amend the Act on Foreign Exchange, thereby lifting the capital controls by law. Certain 
limitations remain on derivatives trading for purposes other than hedging; foreign exchange transactions 
carried out between residents and non-residents without the intermediation of a financial undertaking; and 
cross-border movement with offshore króna assets falling under the Act on the Treatment of Króna-
Denominated Assets Subject to Special Restrictions No. 37/2016. Moreover, the reporting requirement to the 
Icelandic Central Bank of new investment three weeks after Icelandic Króna is bought for new inflow of 
foreign currency remains in place.  
The Icelandic economy enjoyed a period of continuous, robust growth from 2011 until year-end 2019. 
Consumption, investment and exports all grew at a brisk pace and real wages and real residential housing 
prices rose considerably during that period. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic led to a 6.6 per cent. 
decline in real GDP in 2020, mostly due to a sharp fall in exports. On the other hand, national expenditure 
fell by a more moderate 1.9 per cent. in 2020 and the current account remained in surplus as a fall in imports 
offset the contraction in exports to a degree.  
After a period of inflation remaining close to the Central Bank of Iceland’s inflation target between the first 
quarter of 2014 and the third quarter of 2018, inflation temporarily increased above the inflation target as the 
ISK depreciated and domestic cost pressures remained considerable. After falling back to inflation target 
levels in late 2019, inflation again rose in 2020 following a depreciation in the Icelandic Króna due to the 
impact of the pandemic. The Central Bank of Iceland decreased its main policy rate from 4.5 per cent. as of 
the first quarter of 2019 to 0.75 per cent. as of the fourth quarter of 2020 to counter the adverse economic 
impact of the pandemic. The Central Bank has also employed a range of additional policy instruments to 
mitigate the pandemic impact, including foreign exchange market interventions and liquidity measures in the 
financial sector.  
Despite brisk economic growth in the period preceding the COVID-19 pandemic, the total debt ratios of 
households, corporations and the public sector have remained relatively stable compared to GDP following a 
substantial decline in debt ratios earlier in the decade. Furthermore, Iceland’s external debt position has 
improved vastly, with external assets exceeding external liabilities by around 1/3 of GDP as of year-end 
2020 after decades of substantial net negative international investment position. The main reason for this 
economic development is an exceptionally rapid growth in Iceland’s tourist sector, which in recent years has 
been the country’s largest export sector. Moreover, business investment rose substantially mid-decade, 
particularly in export sectors such as tourism and energy.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
FINANCIAL MARKETS IN ICELAND  
The Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (FSA) 
The FSA supervises commercial banks, savings banks and other credit institutions, insurance companies, 
companies and individuals acting as insurance brokers, undertakings engaged in securities services, 
Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), management companies, stock 
exchanges and other regulated markets, central securities depositories and pension funds. The FSA is 
charged with ensuring that the activities of these entities are conducted in accordance with the laws and 
regulations of Iceland. 
The Central Bank 
The Central Bank of Iceland is an independent institution owned by the Icelandic state and operating under 
the auspices of the Prime Minister. Its objective is to promote price stability, financial stability, and sound 
and secure financial activities. The Central Bank also undertakes such tasks as are consistent with its role as 
a central bank, such as maintaining international reserves and promoting a safe, effective financial system, 
including domestic and cross-border payment intermediation.  
As of 1 January 2020, the Central Bank is responsible for the tasks entrusted by law and governmental 
directives to the FSA, and financial supervision is now under the responsibility of the Central Bank. The 
Central Bank monitors supervised entities to ensure that their activities are in compliance with the law and 
with governmental directives, and that they are in other respects consistent with sound and appropriate 
business practices.  
Monetary policy 
The main objective of the Central Bank’s monetary policy is price stability. Following the banking and 
currency crises in 2008, and in accordance with the joint economic policy agreed upon by the Icelandic 
authorities and the IMF in November 2008, the main focus of Iceland’s monetary policy has been to stabilise 
the króna, without committing to defend a specific value of the currency. To achieve this goal, the Central 
Bank raised interest rates and introduced capital controls in December 2008. On 28 November 2008, the 
Central Bank adopted new Rules on Foreign Exchange which imposed comprehensive capital controls, 
restricting the flow of capital to and from Iceland. The rules were reissued on 15 December 2008, and in 
March 2009, the Act on Foreign Exchange was amended to tighten the rules. Effective from 27 September 
2011, the rules have been incorporated into the Act on Foreign Exchange. Certain companies were granted 
full or partial exemptions from the capital controls. Supervised financial institutions were generally 
permitted to engage in spot, forward and swap transactions in foreign currency and to engage in cross-border 
borrowing and lending. Non-residents were also permitted to transfer foreign currency derived from interest 
and dividends on investments in Iceland. The capital controls enabled the interbank foreign exchange market 
to reopen on 4 December 2008, and the Central Bank discontinued foreign currency auctions. Currently, 
there are three market participants: Arion Bank, NBI hf. and the Issuer. Following the implementation of 
capital controls, an offshore exchange rate market developed alongside the official onshore market, with a 
significantly lower exchange rate than the rate in the onshore market. 
With declining inflation and progress in the restructuring of domestic balance sheets, the emphasis of 
monetary policy has gradually shifted towards future inflation and output prospects, although exchange rate 
stability continues to play an important role in monetary policy. With statutory amendments passed on 21 
October 2016, important steps were taken towards easing restrictions on capital transactions. Further reforms 
were implemented on 1 January 2017. On 14 March 2017, Rules no. 200/2017 on Currency Exchange took 
effect, granting a general exemption from the restriction set forth in the Act on Foreign Exchange and 
effectively lifting the capital controls that had previously been in place. The rules, as amended by Rules 
568/2017 and 311/2019, remain in effect until the Icelandic Parliament passes a legislative bill which has 
been presented to formally amend the Act on Foreign Exchange, thereby lifting the capital controls by law.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
Certain limitations remain on derivatives trading for purposes other than hedging; foreign exchange 
transactions carried out between residents and non-residents without the intermediation of a financial 
undertaking; and cross-border movement with offshore króna assets falling under the Act on the Treatment 
of Króna-Denominated Assets Subject to Special Restrictions No. 37/2016 (which will be abolished under 
the new legislative bill). Moreover, the reporting requirement to the Icelandic Central Bank of new 
investment three weeks after Icelandic Krona is bought for new inflow of foreign currency remains in place. 
Nasdaq Iceland hf.  
Iceland currently has one authorised stock exchange where the public listing of securities and securities 
trading take place: Nasdaq Iceland hf. Nasdaq Iceland hf. is part of the Nasdaq Group and is licensed to 
operate a regulated market as well as a multilateral trading facility (MTF), the First North Iceland market. 
Nasdaq Iceland hf. also provides listing alternatives for small-cap to large-cap companies; and the main 
market and the First North market for small and medium-sized companies with growth potential. Both issuer 
rules and trading rules are largely harmonised with the sister exchanges run by Nasdaq Group in the Nordic 
countries (Stockholm, Helsinki and Copenhagen).

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the 
tax laws of Iceland and the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of 
Notes, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and their 
disposal or redemption. 
Iceland Taxation  
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Issuer’s understanding of current law and practice 
in Iceland.  This is not tax advice but a mere general overview of Icelandic rules. Prospective holders of the 
Notes who are in any doubt as to their personal tax position or who may be subject to tax in any other 
jurisdiction, should consult their professional advisers. 
In light of the existing withholding tax regime in Iceland as regards non-residents, the clearing of the Notes 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be subject to confirmation that the relevant 
registration requirements with the Icelandic authorities have been completed. 
Icelandic residents 
Icelandic residents are subject to tax on any interest income derived by them from the Notes, individuals and 
companies at the rate of 22 per cent. and taxable partnerships at the rate of 37.6 per cent.  The Issuer is liable 
to withhold tax on interest payments to Icelandic residents at the rate of 22 per cent.  However, while interest 
payments on the Notes remain exempt from tax in relation to non-Icelandic residents, as a result of the 
registration of the Notes with the Directorate of Internal Revenue (as described under “Non-Icelandic 
residents” below), the Directorate of Internal Revenue has confirmed that the Issuer does not need to 
withhold tax on any interest payments to Noteholders unless it is aware of any such Noteholders being 
Icelandic residents. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are subject to the same tax as interest income of Icelandic residents. 
Non-Icelandic residents 
Non-Icelandic residents are not subject to Icelandic tax on any interest income derived by them from the 
Notes provided the Notes are registered with a securities depository within the Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development, the European Economic Area or a member of the European Free Trade 
Association or the Faroe Islands, and the Issuer has registered any Notes issued under the Programme with 
the Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland and received confirmation of exemption for the Notes from 
such taxation, all in accordance with point 8 of the first Paragraph of Article 3 of Act no. 90/2003 on Income 
Tax. The Issuer will provide a certificate of such tax exemption for each issue of Notes. 
In the event that the Issuer is required to withhold tax then the provisions of Condition 8 will apply and the 
Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are classified as interest and should thus not be subject to tax in 
Iceland, provided that the aforementioned confirmation of exemption has been granted in respect of the 
Notes. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common financial transaction tax (FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain,

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.   
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) imposes a 30 per cent. United States withholding tax 
on certain United States source payments, including interest (and original issue discount), dividends (and 
dividend equivalents), or other fixed or determinable annual or periodical gain, profits, and income 
(Withholdable Payments), if paid to a foreign financial institution (including amounts paid to a foreign 
financial institution on behalf of a holder), unless such institution enters into an agreement with the United 
States Treasury Department to collect and provide to the United States Treasury Department certain 
information regarding United States account holders, including certain account holders that are foreign 
entities with United States owners or otherwise complies with FATCA.  A Note may constitute a “financial 
account” for these purposes and thus, be subject to information reporting requirements pursuant to FATCA.   
In addition, under FATCA, “passthru payments” made by a foreign financial institution to “recalcitrant 
holders” or non-compliant foreign financial institutions are subject to a 30 per cent. United States 
withholding tax.  A "recalcitrant holder" generally is a holder of an account with a foreign financial 
institution that fails to comply with reasonable requests for information that will help enable the relevant 
foreign financial institution to comply with its reporting requirements.  Pursuant to United States Treasury 
Department regulations, a passthru payment is any Withholdable Payment and any “foreign passthru 
payment”, which has yet to be defined.  Under the regulations and other guidance, the 30 per cent. United 
States withholding tax on “recalcitrant holders” or non-compliant foreign financial institutions may be 
imposed on non-United States source payments made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes no earlier than 
the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining the term foreign pass thru 
payment are published in the United Stated Federal Register. 
If the Issuer determines withholding is appropriate with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will withhold tax at 
the applicable statutory rate without being required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so 
withheld.  However, the withholding tax will not be imposed on payments pursuant to obligations giving rise 
to Withholdable Payments solely because payments are treated as foreign passthru payments if the obligation 
is executed on or before the date of that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining the 
term foreign passthru payment are filed with the United States Federal Register.  Holders are urged to 
consult with their own tax advisers regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their investment in the 
Notes.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such programme agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 29 
April 2021, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(A) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, specifies “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 1127/2019 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Norway  
Notes denominated in Norwegian kroner may not be offered or sold within Norway or outside Norway to 
Norwegian citizens abroad, without the Notes prior thereto having been registered in the Norwegian Central 
Securities Depositary. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Iceland  
The investment described in this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered for public 
distribution in Iceland with the FSA-Iceland pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree, that this Base Prospectus may be distributed only to, and may be 
directed only at, persons who are (i) qualified investors under the private placement exemption of Article 1 
Item 4 as defined in Article 2 Item e of the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) other persons to whom this Base 
Prospectus may be communicated lawfully in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (all such persons 
together being referred to as the Relevant Persons).  This Base Prospectus must not be acted on or relied on 
by persons who are not Relevant Persons.  Any investment or investment activity to which this Base 
Prospectus relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.  
Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus or any of its 
contents.  This Base Prospectus must not be distributed, published, reproduced or disclosed (in whole or in 
part) by recipients to any other persons. 
The People’s Republic of China  
The Notes may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the People’s Republic of China (excluding 
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) (the PRC) or to residents of the PRC unless such offer or sale is made in 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the PRC.    
Hong Kong  
The Notes may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than (i) to persons 
whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); or (ii) to 
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and 
any rules made under that Ordinance; or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance 
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that 
Ordinance. 
No person may issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, 
any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong (Cap. 571) and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes 
described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the 
Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating 
to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of the 
board of directors of the Issuer dated 25 October 2011, 21 May 2014, 13 July 2016, 8 November 2017 and 
21 March 2018.  
Listing of Notes 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus.  Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market.  The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or any 
other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the Programme to 
the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the life of this Base Prospectus, the following documents will, when published, be available for 
inspection at https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/product/about/funding: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the VPS Account Manager Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms 
of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms and Pricing Supplements (save that a Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection 
by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms relating 
to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to 
trading on any other regulated market in the EEA, will be published in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes (other than VPS Notes) have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg which are the entities in charge of keeping the records.  The appropriate Common Code and 
ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement.  The relevant ISIN and (if 
applicable) common code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement.  The appropriate securities code for each Tranche of VPS Notes will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. In the case of VPS Notes, 
Euronext VPS is the entity in charge of keeping the records. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking SA, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.  The address of Euronext VPS is Fred Olsens Gate 1, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 31 
December 2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2020. 
Litigation 
Borgun hf. 
Borgun hf. (Borgun), a former subsidiary of the Issuer, is a payment acquirer and issuing processor. 
Landsbankinn hf. (Landsbankinn) sold its 31.2 per cent. stake in Borgun in late 2014. Landsbankinn claims 
that Borgun's management did not disclose all available information that might have affected the value of 
Borgun during the sales process, namely, the value of its stake in Visa Europe which was sold to Visa 
International shortly after the Borgun sale. In order to reclaim the alleged loss, Landsbankinn filed a lawsuit 
against Borgun and others on 12 January 2017, claiming the right to damages for having been deprived of 
the true value of the stake involved in the sale. Landsbankinn does not quantify the claim, but its estimate of 
the lost profit from having sold its shares in Borgun is approximately ISK 1,930 million. Court-appointed 
assessors presented their assessment in November 2019. A reassessment has been demanded, and senior 
assessors have been appointed by the court. It is uncertain when a ruling is to be expected.  
In 2020, the Group closed an agreement on the sale of its stake in Borgun. In that agreement, the Issuer 
undertook to reimburse 63.47 per cent. of losses incurred by Borgun or the buyer in the event of an 
unfavourable outcome in the Landsbankinn case. The Group has not recognised a provision as a result of this 
event.  
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young ehf., State Authorised Public Accountants of Borgartùni 30, 
105 Reykjavik, Iceland, who have audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 
31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, without qualification, which were prepared 
in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU for each of the three financial years ended 31 December 
2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
The auditors are members of The Institute of State Authorised Public Accountants and are independent 
within the meaning of Independent State Authorised Public Accountant. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, 
which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment 
management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities.  Certain 
of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have, directly or indirectly, performed investment and commercial 
banking or financial advisory services for the Issuer, for which they have received customary fees and 
commissions, and they expect to provide these services to the Issuer and its affiliates in the future, for which 
they also expect to receive customary fees and commissions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in the Issuer’s securities, including potentially the Notes.  Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of the Notes.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes which are not Exempt Notes, an indication of 
the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at 
the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price and on the basis of the rate of interest as at 
the Issue Date of the Notes.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue 
Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Websites 
In this Base Prospectus, reference to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) are inactive textual 
references.  The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated 
into, this Base Prospectus. 
Original language references 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 157 ---
ISSUER 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
Hagasmári 3 
201 Kópavogur 
Iceland 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND 
TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
603 23 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
VPS ACCOUNT MANAGER 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0191 Oslo 
Norway 
ARRANGER 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
DEALERS  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
 BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom

--- Page 158 ---
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenaplatz 1  
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4,  
60306 Frankfurt am Main,  
Germany 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
Mayer Brown LLP 
1221 Avenue of the Americas 
New York  
NY 10020  
United States  
To the Dealers as to Icelandic law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
LOGOS 
Efstaleiti 5 
103 Reykjavík 
Iceland 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young ehf.  
Borgartùni 30 
105 Reykjavik 
Iceland 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
UKO2: 2002461903.2