--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
Base Prospectus 
Íslandsbanki hf.  
Hagasmára 3  
201 Kópavogur 
30 June 2021

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
(incorporated in Iceland as a limited liability company) 
 
ISK 270,000,000,000  
Covered Bond Programme 
  
On 4 November 2011, Íslandsbanki (the “Issuer”) established a Covered Bond Programme which is described in 
this Base Prospectus, under which the Issuer may issue in a continuous and repeated manner bonds (the 
“Covered Bonds”) in accordance with the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, No. 11/2008 (the “Act on Covered 
Bonds”), any relevant executive orders (Icelandic: stjórnvaldsákvarðanir) and appurtenant regulations as may be 
supplemented, amended, modified or varied from time to time (as well as any judicial decisions and 
administrative pronouncements, all of which are subject to change, including with retroactive effect), (together 
the “Covered Bonds Legislation”) denominated in any Specified Currency. 
The Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Covered Bonds”), registered form (“Registered 
Covered Bonds”), uncertificated book entry form cleared through the Central Securities Depository (the “CSD”) 
specified in the Final Terms as decided by the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will 
not exceed ISK 270,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). The 
Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis. However, pursuant to the existing licence issued by the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (the “FSA”) the programme shall never exceed a 
limit approved by the FSA.  
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see “Risk Factors”.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the FSA as competent authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(Prospectus Regulation), which has been implemented in Iceland through Act on Prospectus for Public Offering 
or Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market No. 14/2020 for the purpose of giving information with regard 
to the issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme during a period of at least twelve months from the date of 
its publication. The FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. The FSA’s approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus, nor should it be considered as 
an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
This Base Prospectus (which shall include all documents incorporated by reference therein) has been prepared 
for the purpose of providing disclosure information with regard to the Covered Bonds and covers all outstanding 
series as well as any new series issued under the Covered Bond Programme. An application will be submitted to 
NASDAQ Iceland for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on NASDAQ Iceland’s 
Main Market, the regulated market of the NASDAQ Iceland. References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds 
being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the NASDAQ Iceland. The regulated market of the NASDAQ Iceland is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC (the “MiFID”) which has been implemented in Iceland through Act No. 
108/2007 on Securities Transactions (“the Act on Securities Transactions”) and Act on Stock Exchanges No. 
110/2007 or for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments (the “MiFID II”), which 
will be implemented into Icelandic law on the MiFID II Implementation Date. The Issuer may list the Covered 
Bonds on additional regulated markets. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the 
minimum denomination of each Covered Bonds will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency (as defined below) and save that the minimum denomination of each Covered Bond admitted 
to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within the EEA or within the UK and/or offered to the 
public in an EEA state or in the UK in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency).  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its 
date in relation to Covered Bonds admitted to trading on a regulated market. The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Issuer has senior unsecured debt ratings of BBB and A-2 with a stable outlook from S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (S&P) as at the date of this Base Prospectus. S&P is established in the European Union and is 
registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such S&P is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, 
the issue price of Covered Bonds and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable 
to each Tranche (as defined under Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) of Covered Bonds will be set out 
in the Final Terms, which, with respect to Covered Bonds to be listed on NASDAQ Iceland, will be delivered to 
the 
NASDAQ 
Iceland 
and 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations. 
IMPORTANT – EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
EEA or the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET  
As of MiFID II Implementation Date, the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “US Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered 
Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)). 
The Issuer may decide that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds described herein, in which event, a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if 
appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Covered Bonds.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
 
 
Íslandsbanki hf.  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 30 June 2021

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche (as defined under „Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds“). To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. Other 
than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSA. 
In relation to any Tranche, the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of such Tranche, the interest 
(if any) payable in respect of the Covered Bonds of such Tranche, the issue price and certain other information 
which is relevant to such Tranche will be set out in a final terms document (Final Terms) substantially in the 
form set out under “Form of Final Terms” below.  
The Final Terms will be filed with the FSA on or before the date of issue of the Covered Bonds of such Tranche. 
Copies of Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to trading on NASDAQ Iceland’s regulated 
market will be published on the website of NASDAQ Iceland’s website www.nasdaqomxnordic.com. Copies of 
Final 
Terms 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations  and at the registered office of the Issuer. 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation of 
information not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared to provide clear and thorough information on the Issuer. Investors 
are encouraged to acquaint themselves thoroughly with this Base Prospectus. They are advised to pay 
particular attention to the chapter on Risk Factors. This Base Prospectus should by no means be viewed or 
construed as a promise by the Issuer or other parties of future success either in operations or return on 
investments. Investors are reminded that investing in securities entails risk, as the decision to invest is based 
on expectations and not promises. Investors must rely primarily on their own judgement regarding any 
decision to invest in the Issuer’s securities, bearing in mind, inter alia, the business environment in which it 
operates in, anticipated profits, external conditions and the risk inherent in the investment itself. Prospective 
investors are advised to contact experts, such as licensed financial institutions, to assist them in their 
assessment of the securities issued by the Issuer as an investment option. Investors are advised to consider 
their legal status, including taxation issues that may concern the purchase or sale of the Issuer’s securities and 
seek external and independent advice in that respect.  
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Covered Bonds (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or any Covered Bonds should purchase any Covered Bonds. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Covered Bonds

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Covered Bonds. 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Covered 
Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by 
the Issuer which would permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered 
or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the 
distribution of, this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United 
States, the European Economic Area (including, Iceland, Norway and, for these purposes, the UK), the People’s 
Republic of China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland and and Japan, see “Selling Restrictions”. 
 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under the 
applicable law. Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus have been defined in the section of the Terms 
and Conditions entitled “Definitions” or throughout this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, references to the Terms 
and Conditions shall be construed as references to the definitions found therein unless the context specifically 
states otherwise. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in any Covered 
Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Covered Bonds where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency 
in which such investor’s financial activities are principally denominated;

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and is familiar with the behaviour 
of financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Covered Bonds 
are legal investments for it, (ii) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult 
their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms 
of the Covered Bonds being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The Covered Bonds have not been 
approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities 
commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved 
this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
The Issuer does not make any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds regarding the legality of its 
investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered Bonds should be able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 8 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
  Contents 
1. Risk Factors 
2 
2. Statements 
22 
3. Notice to investors 
24 
4. Applicable Final Terms 
25 
5. Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
45 
6. Selling restrictions 
76 
7. Summary of Icelandic Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds 
78 
8. Information about the Issuer 
84 
9. Financial Information 
96 
10. Risk Management 
103 
11. Issuer Cover Pool 
103 
12. The Icelandic Economy 
106 
13. The Icelandic Housing Market  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     108 
14. Taxation 
109 
15. Documents on Display 
110 
16. Documents Incorporated By Reference 
111

--- Page 9 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
 
1. RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. There is a wide range of risk factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. It is not possible to identify all such risk factors, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant risk 
factors and certain risk factors which it currently deems to be non-material may become material as a result of 
the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number 
of risk factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under the 
Covered Bonds. The Issuer has assessed the materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact and has organised the following risk factors 
accordingly within each category, beginning with those estimated to be most significant to the Issuer. The order 
in which the categories of risk factors are presented does not necessarily reflect the probability of their occurrence 
or the magnitude of their potential impact, as the categories of risk factors mentioned herein could materialise 
individually or cumulatively. Any quantification of the significance of each individual category for the Issuer could 
be misguiding, as other categories of risks factors may materialise to a greater or lesser degree. 
 
In addition, risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in (or 
otherwise incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER 
THE PROGRAMME 
Set forth below are certain risks that could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s future business, operating 
results or financial condition.  
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
The Issuer is subject to credit risk and may be unable to sufficiently assess credit risk of potential borrowers and 
may provide advances to customers that increase credit risk exposure 
The Issuer undertakes credit risk by offering loans, guarantees and other credit products. Credit risk is the primary 
risk factor in the Issuer’s operations and taking on credit risk is a core activity of the Issuer. Credit risk is defined 
as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from an obligor’s potential failure to meet the 
terms of any contract with the Issuer. Failure to accurately assess credit risk could increase credit risk exposure 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition. 
 
Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may be unable to meet their obligations 
towards the Issuer 
Accurate and comprehensive financial information and other credit information may be limited for certain types 
of borrowers such as small enterprises or individuals. Despite any credit risk determination procedures the Issuer 
has in place, the Issuer may be unable to evaluate correctly the current financial condition of each prospective 
borrower to determine their long-term financial viability. Failure to address any risks associated with any 
borrower may lead to higher risk and could materially affect the Issuer’s business. As at 31 December 2020, the

--- Page 10 ---
3 
 
 
Issuer’s maximum exposure to credit risk amounted to ISK 1,470bn. Credit risk accounted for 89 per cent. of 
capital requirements under Pillar 1. 
 
The Issuer is subject to counterparty risk which may have an adverse effect on its cost of funds 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties 
are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s 
borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration in the Icelandic economy or global economic conditions, 
or arising from systemic risks in the financial markets, could affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer’s 
assets and require an increase in its provision for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions. To the extent that 
any of the instruments and strategies the Issuer uses to hedge or otherwise manage its exposure credit risk are 
not effective, it may not be able to mitigate effectively its risk exposures in particular market environments or 
against particular types of risk. The Issuer's earnings will depend upon how its critical accounting estimates prove 
accurate and upon how effectively it determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its risk 
concentrations. To the extent its assessments of migrations in credit quality and of risk concentrations, or its 
assumptions or estimates used in establishing its valuation models for the fair value of its assets and liabilities or 
for its loan loss reserves, prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, it could suffer higher than 
anticipated losses. 
 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio is concentrated in certain industries and borrowers 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s loan portfolio to customers was exposed to concentration in certain 
industry sectors, namely individuals (43 per cent.), real estate (15.6 per cent.), commerce and services (12.1 per 
cent.), the seafood industry (12.1 per cent.), industrial and transportation (8 per cent.) and, through various 
industry sectors, the tourism industry. The Issuer’s financial condition is sensitive to downturns in these 
industries and the consequent inability of the Issuer’s customers to meet their obligations towards the Issuer. 
Decline in the financial condition of the Issuer’s largest borrowers could also materially affect the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. In terms of geographic credit concentration most of the 
Issuer’s activities are in Iceland but the Issuer maintains a certain amount of international activities. The overseas 
strategy is built on a heritage of servicing the core industries in Iceland, primarily focusing on the seafood 
industry. The strategy focuses on the North Atlantic region, including Canada, the United States and Norway. As 
at 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s credit risk and credit concentration risk accounted for 85 per cent. of the total 
capital requirements. 
 
Increases in the Issuer’s loan losses or allowances for loan losses may have an adverse effect on its results 
The Issuer’s banking businesses establish provisions for loan losses, which are reflected in the provision for credit 
losses on its income statement, in order to maintain its allowance for loan losses at a level which is deemed to 
be appropriate by management based upon an assessment of prior loss experience, the volume and type of 
lending being conducted by each entity, industry standards, past due loans, economic conditions and other 
factors related to the collectability of the loan portfolio. Although the Issuer’s management uses its best efforts 
to establish the provision for loan losses, that determination is subject to significant judgment, and the Issuer’s 
banking businesses may have to increase or decrease their provisions for loan losses in the future as a result of 
increases or decreases in non-performing assets or for other reasons. To the extent its assumptions or estimates 
used in establishing its valuation models for the fair value of its assets and liabilities or for its loan loss reserves 
prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, it could suffer higher than anticipated losses.  Any increase 
in the provision for loan losses, any loan losses in excess of the previously determined provisions with respect 
thereto or changes in the estimate of the risk of loss inherent in the portfolio of non-impaired loans could have 
a material effect on the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition.  
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s credit risk can be found in section 4 of the Issuer’s Pillar 3 Report 
2020 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
4 
 
 
The Issuer is subject to market risks which may have material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of operations 
Market risk is defined as the current or prospective risk to earnings and capital arising from adverse movements 
in the level or volatility of prices of market instruments, such as those that arise from changes in interest rates, 
inflation, equity prices and foreign exchange rates. Market risk is a key risk in the Issuer’s operations. The Issuer 
takes on market risk as a part of its business strategy. 
Market risk at the Issuer is split into two categories: risk in the trading book and risk in the banking book. Market 
risk due to mismatches in assets and liabilities with respect to currencies, interest reset dates and CPI- indexation 
falls in the banking book. Market risk in the banking book also includes exposures held for long-term investment 
purposes, in unlisted securities and holdings in subsidiaries or affiliates. Market risk exposures in the trading 
book arise in relation to short-term and medium-term trading in securities, currencies and other capital market 
instruments. Market risk in the trading book primarily arises from flow trading and market-making activities in 
listed securities, mainly equities and government bonds, as well as from bond holdings in the Issuer's liquidity 
portfolio. The Issuer is also exposed to currency risk in the trading book. The Issuer has controls in place to limit 
its trading book exposure; however, these controls may not be effective in all circumstances, and the Issuer could 
experience material losses in its trading book. The Issuer could also experience significant variations in its 
consolidated income statement in the Annual Financial Statements due to movements in the market value of 
marked to market securities. The Issuer's asset management division is also subject to market risk as there could 
be fluctuations in the markets in which the asset management operations hold assets. 
Changes in interest rates may impact the Issuer’s results 
The results of the Issuer’s operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity. Interest rate 
sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in market interest rates and changes in net interest income 
and investment income. The composition of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, and any gap position resulting from 
the composition, causes the interest income to vary as interest rates change. In addition, variations in interest 
rate sensitivity may exist within the re-pricing periods or between the different currencies in which the Issuer 
holds interest rate positions. A mismatch of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities in any given 
period may, in the event of changes in interest rates, have a material effect on the financial condition or results 
of operations of the Issuer’s business. The Issuer might in some cases have limited ability to raise interest rates 
and margins on loans, without it resulting in increased impairments at the same time. The Issuer’s management 
of interest rate risk does not completely eliminate the effect of those factors on its performance. 
 
Price fluctuations of financial investments in the Issuer’s portfolio could materially affect the Issuer’s results of 
operations and financial condition 
The Issuer has an investment portfolio that includes mainly debt securities. If the price of these securities 
declines, this could substantially reduce the value of the Issuer’s securities portfolio. These securities are 
measured at fair value at the end of each financial period, and decline in the market value of the portfolio could 
accordingly materially affect the Issuer’s profitability, even if those decline have not been realised through the 
sale of the relevant securities. Price fluctuations could also materially affect the Issuer’s regulatory capital and 
the capital ratios that the Issuer is required to maintain under applicable law. 
The Issuer is also subject to the equity risk in its trading portfolios and in its banking book. The Issuer's equity risk 
arises from flow trading, market making, shares acquired through restructuring of companies, and strategic 
investments. Equity exposure in the trading book decreased in 2020 with an average position of ISK 1.3bn. The 
maximum equity exposure in the trading book was ISK 2.3bn in 2020. Equity exposure in the banking book, 
including fair value shares and shares held for sale amounted to ISK 5.8bn at the end of 2020. 
 
Changes in the inflation rate may negatively affect the profit and loss of the Issuer 
The Issuer is also exposed to inflation risk (CPI risk) since assets linked to the Consumer Price Index (CPI) exceed 
liabilities linked to the CPI. The value of these assets and liabilities changes according to changes in the CPI at any 
given time and all changes in the CPI affect the profit and loss of the Issuer. The total CPI-linked imbalance of the 
Issuer amounted to ISK 26.2bn as at 31 December 2020. Accordingly, changes in the inflation rate may negatively

--- Page 12 ---
5 
 
 
affect the profit and loss of the Issuer and could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operations and 
financial condition. 
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s market risk can be found in section 5 of the Issuer’s Pillar 3 Report 
2020 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer is subject to liquidity risk which may have an adverse effect on its results 
The Issuer defines liquidity risk as the risk of not being able to fund its financial obligations or planned growth, 
or only being able to do so substantially above the prevailing market cost of funds. The Issuer’s liquidity risk 
policy assumes that the Issuer always strives to exceed regulatory liquidity ratio limits. The Issuer's main source 
of funding is customer deposits, which amounted to ISK 679,455 million as at 31 December 2020. Key measures 
for the assessment of liquidity risk are the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR). 
At 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s LCR was 196 per cent. and the NSFR was 123 per cent. The inability of the 
Issuer to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations as and when they fall due, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s results. 
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s liquidity risk management can be found in section 6 of the Issuer’s 
Pillar 3 Report 2020 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
There is operational risk associated with the Issuer’s industry which, when realised, may have an adverse impact 
on its results 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or 
from external events. The Issuer, like all financial institutions, is exposed to many types of operational risk. 
including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees or outsiders, unauthorised transactions by 
employees or operational errors, including clerical or record keeping errors or errors resulting from faulty 
computer or telecommunications systems. The Issuer’s definition of operational risk includes reputational risk, 
legal risk, model risk, conduct risk and compliance risk among other risk factors. The top priorities of the Issuer 
in relation to operational risk as at the date of this Base Prospectus are outsourcing risk and ICT risk. According 
to the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) results, operational risk accounted for 7.2 per cent. of 
total SREP capital requirement of the Issuer together with its Subsidiaries (as defined below) (together, the 
Group) in 2020. 
The Issuer is vulnerable to the failure of IT systems and breaches of security systems 
Any significant interruption, degradation, failure or lack of capacity of the Issuer’s information technology (IT) 
systems could cause it to fail to complete transactions on a timely basis or at all and materially affect the Issuer. 
A sustained failure of the Issuer’s IT systems, or of critical third-party systems, would have a significant impact 
on its operations and the confidence its customers have in the reliability and safety of its banking systems and 
could therefore adversely impact the Issuer’s financial position. 
The secure transmission of confidential information is a critical element of the Issuer’s operations. The Issuer 
cannot guarantee that existing security measures will prevent security breaches, including break-ins, viruses or 
disruptions. Persons that circumvent the security measures could use the Issuer’s or its customers’ confidential 
information wrongfully, which would expose the Issuer to loss, adverse regulatory consequences or litigation. 
Unauthorised disclosure of confidential information and personal data whether through cyber security breaches, 
viruses or otherwise could expose the Issuer to fines, liabilities and costly litigation and damage in reputation. 
The Issuer is vulnerable to disruptions of its operating systems and failures of its vendors 
Given the Issuer’s high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are 
discovered and successfully rectified. In addition, its dependence upon automated systems to record and process 
its transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation 
of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. The Issuer may also be subject to disruptions of

--- Page 13 ---
6 
 
 
its operating systems, arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond its control (including, for example, 
computer viruses, cyber-attacks, unsuccessful IT systems updates, equipment malfunction or electrical or 
telecommunication outages), which may give rise to suspension of services to customers and loss to or liability 
to the Issuer. The Issuer is further exposed to the risk that external vendors may be unable to fulfil their 
contractual obligations to the Issuer (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their 
respective employees as the Issuer), and to the risk that its (or its vendors’) business continuity and data security 
systems prove not to be sufficiently adequate. The Issuer also faces the risk that the design of its controls and 
procedures prove inadequate, or are circumvented, thereby causing delays in detection of errors in information. 
Although the Issuer has increased focus on operational risk and operational risk measurement framework, there 
can be no assurance that it will not suffer losses from operational risks in the future, as it has in the past, which 
may be material in amount. 
Shortfalls in the Issuer’s risk management methods may leave the Issuer exposed to unidentified, unanticipated, 
or incorrectly quantified risks, which would lead to material losses or material increases in liabilities 
The Issuer will at all times attempt to properly manage risks. The Issuer’s risk management may not at all times 
be able to protect the Issuer against certain risks, especially risks that have not been identified or anticipated. 
The risk management methods may not take all risks into account, and it is possible that the methods are 
incorrect or based on wrong information. Unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risk exposures could materially 
affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer relies on certain key members of management. 
The Issuer is highly dependent on the talent of its key personnel, in particular its Chief Executive Officer and 
senior management, many of whom have been employed by the Issuer for a substantial period of time. The loss 
of key members of its senior management or staff may significantly delay the Issuer’s ability to implement its 
business objectives and strategies and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition 
and results of operations. In addition, there is competition between businesses in Iceland which could hinder the 
Issuer’s ability to recruit and retain new senior managers if competitors of the Issuer are able to offer more 
competitive salaries and better incentivise individuals.  
Additional information regarding the Issuer’s operational risk can be found in section 7 of the Issuer’s Pillar 3 
Report 2020 which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO MACROECONOMIC AND OTHER BUSINESS CONDITIONS 
The Issuer’s results may be adversely affected by general economic conditions and other business conditions 
The Issuer’s results are affected by general economic and other business conditions. These conditions include 
changing economic cycles that affect demand for investment and banking products. These cycles are also 
influenced by global political events, such as terrorist acts, war and other hostilities as well as by market specific 
events, such as shifts in consumer confidence and consumer spending, the rate of unemployment, industrial 
output, labour or social unrest and political uncertainty. 
In particular, the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations are affected directly by economic 
and political conditions in Iceland as almost of the Issuer’s business activities take place in Iceland.  
There is great uncertainty concerning economic development in Iceland’s main trading partner countries and 
concerning the downturn in consumption occurring throughout the world. Expected loss rates are, among other 
factors, dependent upon unemployment, inflation and exchange rates as well as possible changes in legislation 
and compliance. The recovery rates also depend on asset price evolvement and legislation changes concerning 
liquidation of assets. Such changes in the general economic conditions and other business conditions may have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results.  
The COVID-19 virus may have an adverse impact on the Issuer

--- Page 14 ---
7 
 
 
Governments in affected areas have imposed a number of measures designed to contain the outbreak of COVID-
19, including business closures, travel restrictions, quarantines and cancellations of gatherings and events. The 
spread of COVID-19 has had disruptive effects in the global economy, as well as causing increased volatitily and 
declines in financial markets. If COVID-19 is prolonged, or further diseases emerge that give rise to similar effects, 
the adverse impact on the global economy could deepen and result in further declines in financial markets. A 
substantial amount of the Bank’s business involves making loans or otherwise committing resources to specific 
companies or industries. COVID-19’s impact on such borrowers and industries could have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank’s financial results, businesses, financial condition or liquidity and the ability of borrowers to 
pay their loans, COVID-19 may also result in disruption to the Bank’s key suppliers of goods and services and 
result in increased unavailability of staff adversely impacting the quality and continuity of service to customers 
and the reputation of the Bank. As a result, the business, results of operations, corporate reputation and financial 
condition of the Bank could be adversely impacted for a substantial period of time. 
Systemic risk could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
Concerns about, or a default by, one financial institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or 
defaults by other financial institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be 
closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between these institutions. This risk 
is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may materially affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing 
agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis, 
and could materially affect the Issuer’s business operations and results. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS MODEL AND THE OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE OF THE ISSUER 
The Bank, its operations and its management may continue to come under the public spotlight from time to time 
for as long as the Icelandic state has an ownership interest in the Company  
The Icelandic state, through the Icelandic State Financial Investments (ISFI), will remain a major shareholder of 
the Bank for the foreseeable future and as a result, the Bank, its operations and its management will continue to 
occupy the public spotlight and be subject to public scrutiny from time to time. It cannot be excluded that in the 
future, the Bank will be in the public spotlight and come under pressure to change aspects of its corporate 
governance, policies and certain operations or to review past practices. This may force the Group to spend 
potentially significant amounts of management time and incur significant expense.  
Further reductions of the Icelandic state's interest in the Bank may result in a perception of increased risk by 
investors and customers, including depositors  
The Icelandic state, through the ISFI holds 65% of the Bank's share capital (assuming full exercise of the 
overallotment option) see “Business Overview — Information about the Issuer — Major Shareholders”. Although 
the ISFI has agreed not to divest its remaining shares in the Bank for a period of 180 days after the first day of 
trading in the Bank‘s shares on Nasdaq Iceland, this lock-up is subject to certain exceptions, and in any event the 
timing and the form of any further offerings of shares by the ISFI are uncertain. Such sales may result in a 
perception of increased risk by investors, counterparties and clients, including depositors, with respect to the 
safety of customer deposits, the Bank's capital position, risk profile and the Bank's soundness in general as some 
investors and customers may have taken comfort from the Icelandic state's shareholding in the Bank. This could 
lead to a general decrease in investor, counterparty and customer confidence, which may, for example, result in 
a reduction of customer deposits. The materialisation of any of these events could materially and adversely affect 
the market price of the Bank's securities and its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Disruptions, dislocations, structural challenges and market volatility in financial markets could materially and 
adversely affect the Bank's banking and funding activities and could materially and adversely affect the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
Financial markets can experience, sometimes sustained, periods of unpredictable movements, severe 
dislocations, liquidity disruptions and economic shocks. These market conditions could lead to volatility in the

--- Page 15 ---
8 
 
 
Bank's profitability and in (the composition of) its balance sheet caused by price changes and changes in the 
demand for some of the Group's banking services and products. Such conditions could have a material adverse 
effect on the Bank's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. These market conditions 
may also impede the Bank's ability to sufficiently and timely raise funding and capital. This could result in, among 
other things, a delay in raising funding or capital, the issuance of capital and funding of different types or under 
different terms than otherwise would have been issued or realised, or the incurrence of additional or increased 
funding and capital costs compared to the costs borne in a more stable market environment. Furthermore, the 
Bank's hedging and other risk management strategies, such as balance sheet steering and interest rate 
management, may not be as effective at mitigating risks as such strategies would be under more normal market 
conditions. This could potentially lead to a decrease of the Bank's profitability, financial condition and financial 
flexibility. Financial markets are susceptible to severe events characterised by rapid depreciation in asset values 
accompanied by a reduction in liquidity. Under such conditions, market participants are particularly exposed to 
the market behaviour of market participants simultaneously thereby on a large scale unwinding or adjusting 
positions, which may even further exacerbate rapid decreases in values of the Bank's assets or collateral held in 
its favour and which could cause liquidity tensions and disruptions. These market conditions may cause a decline 
in the profitability, an increase in unrealised losses in the Group's various (asset) portfolios, and a reduction in 
unrealised gains in the Bank's various (asset) portfolios. 
The economies in which the Group is active may continue to face structural challenges, which could contribute 
to renewed high volatility in both the debt and the equity markets. Any deterioration of the sovereign debt 
market in the Eurozone or elsewhere, or other economic shocks could materially and adversely affect the Bank's 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects, as well as the Bank's funding and capital transactions 
and hedging and other risk management strategies. Other events may also affect the financial markets, such as 
heightened geopolitical tensions, war, acts of terrorism, natural disasters or other similar events. There is no 
assurance that market volatility will not result in a prolonged market decline, or that such market declines for 
other reasons will not occur in the future. Severe market events have historically been proven to be difficult or 
impossible to predict, and could lead to the Bank realising significant losses, especially if they were to persist for 
an extended period of time. Therefore, market volatility, liquidity disruptions, or market dislocations could 
materially and adversely affect the Bank's banking, capital and funding activities and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Issuer’s insurance coverage may not adequately cover losses resulting from the risks for which it is insured 
The Issuer maintains customary insurance policies for the Issuer’s operations, including insurance for liquid 
assets, money transport and directors’ and officers’ liability. The Issuer’s business involves risks of liability in 
relation to litigation from customers, employees, third-party service providers, and action taken by regulatory 
agencies, and there is a risk that these may not be adequately covered by the insurance or at all. Due to the 
nature of the Issuer’s operations and the nature of the risks that the Issuer faces, there can be no assurance that 
the coverage that the Issuer maintains is adequate which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
operations and financial condition. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO CAPITAL AND OTHER REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer’s capital management framework is based on Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD IV) and Regulation 
575/2013/EU (CRR), which were largely implemented into Icelandic legislation. For more information on the 
Issuer’s capital requirements, see “Business Overview — Regulatory and Tax Environment — Capital 
Requirements.” 
It is anticipated that the implementation of further aspects of CRD IV into Icelandic legislation will be undertaken 
before the end of 2021. The implementation of CRD IV and the CRR into Icelandic legislation could limit the 
Issuer’s ability to effectively manage its capital requirements. These and other changes to capital adequacy and 
liquidity requirements imposed on the Issuer may require the Issuer to raise additional tier 1, core tier 1 and tier 
2 capital by way of further issuances of securities and could result in existing tier 1 and tier 2 securities ceasing 
to count towards the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s regulatory capital, either at the same level as present or at all.

--- Page 16 ---
9 
 
 
Any failure by the Issuer to maintain any increased regulatory capital requirements or to comply with any other 
requirements introduced by regulators could result in intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions, 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s profitability and results and may also have other effects 
on the Issuer’s financial performance and on the pricing of the Covered Bonds, both with or without the 
intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions.  
 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISK 
Regulatory changes or enforcement initiatives could adversely affect the Issuer’s business 
As a financial institution, the Issuer must comply with a comprehensive set of laws and regulations. The legal and 
regulatory environment of the Issuer is constantly changing and the Issuer puts substantial resources into 
monitoring and implementing these changes to ensure full compliance. Regulatory agencies have broad 
administrative power over many aspects of the financial services business, which may include liquidity, capital 
adequacy and permitted investments, investor protection, ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, record 
keeping, and marketing and selling practices. Banking and financial services laws, regulations and policies 
currently governing the Issuer and its subsidiaries may change at any time in ways which have a material effect 
on the Issuer’s business. Furthermore, the Issuer cannot predict the timing or form of any future regulatory 
initiatives. Changes in existing banking and financial services laws and regulations may materially affect the way 
in which the Issuer conducts its business, the products or services it may offer and the value of its assets. If it fails 
to address, or appears to fail to address, appropriately these changes or initiatives, its reputation could be 
harmed and it could be subject to additional legal risk, which could, in turn, increase the size and number of 
claims and damages asserted against it or subject it to enforcement actions, fines and penalties. Regulatory 
agencies have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against the Issuer, which could result, 
among other things, in suspension or revocation of its licenses, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, 
criminal penalties or other disciplinary action which could materially harm its results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Icelandic government has passed and issued many statutes and regulations affecting the banking and 
financial services industry since 2008. There can be no assurance that the Icelandic government will not enact 
new regulations.  
The Issuer has a high proportion of inflation-linked mortgage loans and there is a risk that legislation might be 
imposed which varies the terms of these loans in a manner that is adverse to the Issuer 
A high proportion of the Issuer’s mortgage loans are inflation-linked. Under these loans, the monthly repayment 
increases if and to the extent that inflation in Iceland increases. Following the financial crisis in 2008, inflation in 
Iceland increased significantly. This resulted in higher payments falling due under inflation-linked loans at the 
same time as borrowers faced lower wages and less purchasing power. There was significant debate in Iceland 
regarding these loans in the period preceding the parliamentary elections in April 2013. The Icelandic 
government announced at the end of November 2013 an action plan aimed at reducing the country’s housing 
debt. On the basis of the action plan, the Icelandic Parliament passed Act No. 35/2014 and Act No. 40/2014. The 
objective of Act No. 35/2014 was to write down the principal of indexed residential mortgages. Act No. 40/2014, 
which amended the Pension Act No. 129/1997, authorised households with residential mortgages, in the period 
between 1 July 2014 and 30 June 2017, to use payments which would otherwise go to a private pension fund to 
reduce the principal amount of their mortgages. This option has since been extended until 30 June 2023. This 
option is open to all residential mortgage holders regardless of the form of their mortgage. This action plan was 
financed by an increase in the Bank Levy (see “Business Overview — Regulatory and Tax Environment — Tax 
Environment”) that has increased the Issuer’s financial burden and decreased its profitability. There is a risk that 
additional legislation may be adopted or other government action taken to reduce the payment burden under 
inflation-linked mortgages. Should this occur, it would have a materially negative impact on the Issuer’s loan 
portfolio, financial condition and results of operations.  
Changes in tax laws or in their interpretation could harm the Issuer’s business

--- Page 17 ---
10 
 
 
The Issuer’s results of operations could be harmed by changes in tax laws and tax treaties or the interpretation 
thereof, changes in corporate tax rates and the refusal of tax authorities to issue or extend advanced tax rulings. 
In addition to the basic corporate income tax rate of 20 per cent. in Iceland, the Icelandic Parliament passed the 
Act on Special Tax on Financial Undertakings, No. 155/2010, in December 2011 (Act on Special Tax on Financial 
Undertakings), under which certain types of financial institution, including the Issuer, are required to pay an 
annual levy of the carrying amount of their liabilities as determined for tax purposes. In 2013 the levy was 
increased and set at 0.376 per cent. of the total debt of the Issuer excluding tax liabilities in excess of ISK 50 
billion at the end of the year. Non-financial subsidiaries are exempt from this tax. The Act on Special Tax on 
Financial Undertakings was amended in March 2020 with Act No. 25/2020 in relation to measures from the 
Icelandic Government and the Central Bank due to the COVID-19 pandemic reducing the levy to 0.145 per cent 
in 2020. 
According to the Income Tax Act No. 90/2003, as amended (ITA) payments of Icelandic sourced interest by an 
Icelandic debtor, such as the Issuer, to a foreign creditor, including holders of bonds, who are not Icelandic are 
taxable in Iceland and can be subject to withholding tax at the rate of 12.0 per cent. This withholding is applicable 
unless the foreign creditor can demonstrate and obtain approval from the Icelandic Internal Revenue that an 
exemption applies, such as the existence of a relevant double taxation treaty, and in such case the provisions of 
the double tax treaty will apply. The exemption, subject to certain other requirements, applies to bonds that are 
held through a clearing system, such as CSD, Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg, within a member state of 
the OECD, the EEA, a founding member state of EFTA or the Faroe Islands. Bonds issued by the Issuer are subject 
to the aforementioned exemption. 
According to the Act on Tax on Financial Activities, No. 165/2011, certain types of financial institutions, including 
the Issuer, are required to pay a special additional tax levied on all remuneration paid to employees. The levy is 
currently set at 5.5 per cent. of such remuneration. Additionally, according to Article 71 of the ITA, a special 
additional income tax on legal entities liable for taxation according to Article 2 of Act No. 165/2011, which 
includes the Issuer is set at 6.0 per cent. on income over ISK 1 billion, disregarding joint taxation and transferable 
losses. The aforementioned taxes and levies placed on the Issuer increases the cost burden on the Issuer and 
subjects it to a competitive disadvantage relative to other competitors, which are not subject to such taxes or 
levies. See further in “Information about the Issuer- Tax Environment ”. The Issuer may be subject to additional 
taxes or levies in the future, so there can be no assurance that additional taxes and levies could increase the 
Issuer’s cost of funding and operating costs generally, reduce the ability of the Issuer to compete effectively with 
other lenders and/or decrease the Issuer’s lending volumes and margins any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability 
to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. Any such increase could have a material adverse effect on 
the financial condition of the Issuer and its ability to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Iceland’s national implementation of EEA rules may be inadequate in certain circumstances 
As a member state of the EEA, Iceland is obligated to implement parts of European Union law. A large 
amount of Icelandic legislation relating to the financial services industry, such as the legislation on 
financial undertakings, securities transactions and other legislation relating to financial markets, is 
implemented from EU law. If the state fails to draft national law in a way that conforms with EEA rules, 
Icelandic citizens may not be able to rely on national laws, and the Icelandic courts could be restricted 
from applying them unless the Icelandic legislation can be interpreted in a way which conforms with EU 
legislation. As a result, Covered Bondholders may not, in all circumstances, enjoy the same legal 
protection they would expect as holders of securities issued by issuers in EU member states where EU 
instruments are directly applicable or have been adequately implemented into national legislation. 
Moreover, there can be errors in the implementation of EU law and in those cases, Icelandic law will be 
deemed to prevail in the Icelandic courts. Inconsistencies between EU law and Icelandic law can lead to 
uncertainty over which rules the Issuer must follow, which can take up a lot of the Issuer's resource and 
time in trying to identify which rules to follow.

--- Page 18 ---
11 
 
 
There can be a delay before Icelandic law implements EU legislation, which could also feed into the 
Issuer's uncertainty as to which rules it must comply with. Icelandic authorities may try to reduce 
uncertainty by working off requirements under the new EEA rules, which are in the process of being 
implemented. As a result, the Issuer may be unable to rely on the precise wording of current statutes or 
draw guidance from legislative preparatory works. Working to comply with regulations which are 
changing can be resource intensive and exposes the Issuer to a risk of non-compliance.  
 
There may be circumstances in which courts may give judgments in ISK and/or in which a judgment of courts 
other than the Icelandic courts may not be enforceable in Iceland (or, if it is enforceable in Iceland, which may 
result in the judgment creditor receiving ISK) 
There may be circumstances in which a court hearing a dispute arising out of or in connection with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Bonds may give judgment in ISK. Further, judgments given by courts other than the 
Icelandic courts may not necessarily be enforceable against the Issuer in Iceland. Even if a judgment is 
enforceable in Iceland, the enforcement process may result in the judgment creditor receiving ISK.  
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Iceland in the courts of a state which is not a party to the 
Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters 
made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) as a Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano 
Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Iceland as a matter of law without a retrial on its merits 
(but will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law of Iceland). As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the United Kingdom and Iceland are not bound by any agreement, treaty or other 
instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Bonds. The United 
Kingdom has applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an independent contracting state, but the other 
contracting states have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, not approved the application. As a result, a final 
judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Bonds obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer, 
will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Iceland. However, if a Bondholder brings a new action 
in a competent court in Iceland, the final judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Icelandic 
court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Icelandic 
court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore 
significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer’s obligations under the Bonds. 
Following is a list of pending or threatened proceedings against the Issuer which might have significant effects on 
the Issuer´s financial position or profitability if not ruled in favour of the Issuer. 
Except as described below, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the 
date of this Prospectus, which may have, or have had, a significant effect on the Issuer financial position or 
profitability. 
CONTINGENT LIABILITY BORGUN COURT CASE 
Borgun (currently SaltPay, IIB hf) is a payment acquirer and issuing processer and a former subsidiary of the Bank. 
Landsbankinn sold its 31.2% stake in Borgun in late 2014. Landsbankinn claims that Borgun's management did 
not disclose all available information that might have affected the value of Borgun during the sales process, 
namely the value of its stake in Visa Europe which was sold to Visa International shortly after the Borgun sale. In 
order to reclaim the alleged loss, Landsbankinn filed a lawsuit against Borgun and others on 12 January 2017, 
claiming the right to damages for having been deprived of the true value of the stake involved in the sale. 
Landsbankinn does not quantify the claim, but its estimate of the lost profit from having sold its shares in Borgun 
is approximately ISK 1,930 million. Court appointed assessors presented their assessment in November 2019. A 
reassessment was demanded, and the senior assessors appointed by the court presented their reassessment in 
April 2021 which corroborates the previous assessment of Borgun's obligation to disclose. Further, the senior 
assessors estimated that Borgun's share in the Visa option as of 31 December 2013 amounted to at least ISK 387 
million. It is uncertain when a ruling is to be expected. On 11 March 2020, the Bank signed an agreement to sell 
its 63.47% stake in Borgun to Salt Pay Co Ltd. and concluded the sale on 7 July 2020. In the agreement the Bank 
undertook to reimburse 63.47% of losses incurred by Borgun or the buyer as a result of an unfavourable outcome

--- Page 19 ---
12 
 
 
in the Landsbankinn case, however such reimbursement was never to exceed the Bank's share in the purchase 
price (as further outlined below). Since the amount of the claim, the allocation of liability and the possible 
outcome remain uncertain, the Issuer has not recognised a provision as a result of this event. 
105 MIÐBORG PROJECT 
The professional investor fund 105 Miðborg slhf., operated by Iceland Funds, a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Bank, recently terminated its contractor agreement with ÍAV hf., the contractor retained for a real estate project 
at Kirkjusandur in the centre of Reykjavík. The main reason for the termination related to significant non-
performance and delays in the construction of one building on the premises. The contractor, ÍAV hf., has claimed 
approximately ISK 3,829 million plus late payment interest and legal costs from the fund and Iceland Funds to 
compensate for the alleged unlawful termination. The case was filed on 11 May 2021 at the District Court of 
Reykjavík. In a written brief of dismissal, Iceland Funds opposed their involvement in the case on the basis that 
the contractual relationship was between ÍAV hf. and 105 Miðborg slhf. Further, the fund has issued a subpoena 
against ÍAV hf. claiming approximately ISK 3,878 million plus late payment interest and legal cost due to delay 
and significant breaches of contract. The Bank owns a 6.25% stake in the fund. The Group has not recognised a 
provision in respect of this matter. 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE COVERED 
BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain of 
such features: 
Payments and the principal of the Covered Bonds under the programme can in some cases be determined by 
reference to an index which could adversely affect the value of the index linked Covered Bonds 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions being lifted, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds with 
principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other factors (each, a “Relevant Factor”). In addition, 
the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be 
different from the currency in which the Covered Bonds are denominated. Potential investor should be aware 
that:  
(a) The market price for such Covered Bonds may be volatile;  
(b) they may receive no interest;  
(c) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected;  
(d) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal;  
(e) a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices;  
(f) if a Relevant Factor is applied to Covered Bonds in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable likely 
will be magnified; and  
(g) the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is 
consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the greater the 
possible effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Covered Bonds. Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Covered Bonds 
linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Covered Bonds in light of its particular circumstances.

--- Page 20 ---
13 
 
 
The Covered Bonds may be subject to extendable obligations that may change the Maturity Date, Interest 
Payment Dates and Interest Periods for the Covered Bonds concerned  
Following the failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered Bonds on their 
Maturity Date, payment of such amounts shall be automatically deferred. This will occur if the Final Terms for a 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds provides that such Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Maturity Date on 
which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date 
will be deferred in the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Maturity Date.  
To the extent that the Issuer has sufficient funds available to pay in part the relevant Final Redemption Amount 
in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall make partial payment of the relevant Final 
Redemption Amount as described in Condition 8.11(f). Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred 
automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date.  
The Issuer is not required to notify the Covered Bondholders of such automatic deferral. The Extended Maturity 
Date and the applicable interest rate will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interest will continue to accrue 
on any unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and 
including) the Extended Maturity Date. In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment in respect 
of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the Issuer. 
However, failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount or the balance thereof on the Extended Final 
Maturity Date and/or interest on such amount on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up 
to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date shall constitute a default in payment by the Issuer.  
Furthermore, in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date, as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may pay such interest pursuant to the Floating Rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms notwithstanding that the relevant Covered Bond was a Fixed Rate Covered Bond as at its relevant 
Issue Date. In addition, following deferral of the Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods 
may change as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Covered Bonds at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Covered Bonds concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return  
If the optional redemption feature of the Covered Bonds is applicable in the Final Terms, it is likely to limit their 
market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those 
Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also 
be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may elect to exercise its option to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Covered Bonds which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates  
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks”

--- Page 21 ---
14 
 
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds, a Reference Rate), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Covered Bonds linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to 
the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within 
the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact 
on any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent, in whole or in part, upon a 
benchmark.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/ or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, reforms in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example, LIBOR or EURIBOR) may adversely affect the 
value of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark rate 
The Financial Conduct Authority has indicated through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR 
on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021. It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, panel 
banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the administrator of LIBOR going forwards, or whether LIBOR 
will be administered and compiled in the same manner as present. This may cause LIBOR to perform differently 
than it did in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate will be 
determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS ISSUED BY THE ISSUER 
The Covered Bonds are governed by law and regulations. The Act on Covered Bonds provides that the FSA may 
issue rules providing for the types of assets in a cover pool, methods for appraisal of collateral of bonds, terms

--- Page 22 ---
15 
 
 
and conditions for derivative agreements and conditions for the calculation of risk and interest payments. FSA 
has issued such rules, i.e. Rules No. 528/2008, on Covered Bonds (the “Rules on Covered Bonds”) that concern, 
among other things, the conditions for being granted a licence to issue Covered Bonds, appraisal and revaluation 
of the assets in the cover pool, matching rules, derivative agreements, the covered bonds register and the 
eligibility and reporting of the cover pool monitor. Effective 1 January 2020, after the merger of the FSA and the 
Central Bank, the Central Bank is now responsible for the task entrusted by law and governmental directives to 
the FSA, in accordance to cf. article 25 of the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds, as amended. Any changes to the 
Act on Covered Bonds and/or the Rules on Covered Bonds as well as other current legislation might affect the 
legal and regulatory risks relating to the Covered Bonds.  
The Act on Covered Bonds entered into force on 20 March 2008. To date only a few licenses to issue covered 
bonds have been granted under the Act on Covered Bonds and there are limited precedents on how its provisions 
will be interpreted or applied by Icelandic courts or administrative authorities. The preparatory works to the Act 
on Covered Bonds give limited guidance and the system of covered bonds secured by the cover pool lacks any 
clear analogues in Icelandic law that would allow for clear conclusions in respect of the Act on Covered Bonds, 
the covered bonds or the cover pool. It is uncertain how the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds and/or Rules on 
Covered Bonds will be interpreted by the courts or whether changes or amendments will be made to it which 
will affect Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. See further in section entitled Summary of Icelandic 
Legislation Relating to Covered Bonds. 
A decline in the price of real estate and the housing market could affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds  
The Cover Pool which will secure the Covered Bonds is comprised of mortgage loans secured on residential 
property which, at the date of this Base Prospectus, are located in Iceland. These residential mortgage loans may 
be loans originally made to a borrower for the purpose of buying, constructing, altering or refinancing a 
residential property in which that borrower subsequently resides or may be mortgage loans made to a borrower 
for the purchase of that residential property for investment, rental or other purposes.  
A borrower under a residential loan may default on its obligation under that residential loan. The credit risk 
relating to the Cover Pool is partly driven by the performance of the real estate and housing market in Iceland. 
There can be no assurance on the future development of the value of assets in the Cover Pool. Several 
circumstances may affect the level of credit loss such as changes in the economic climate, both nationally and 
internationally, changes in market rates, increases in taxation, inflation and changes in political policies etc. 
Borrowers may default and their financial standing may deteriorate as a result of, for example, changes in their 
own personal circumstances such as unemployment, death, illness or relationship status. Defaults in respect of 
the Issuer’s assets in the Cover Pool under residential mortgage loans could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to 
make payment in full or on a timely basis on the Covered Bonds. If a substantial part of the assets in the Cover 
Pool were to default, there is no guarantee that the required level of assets in the Cover Pool could be maintained 
or that the Issuer would be able to replace the defaulting assets with non-defaulting assets. Any such failures 
could adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operation, financial condition and business prospects and its ability 
to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds.  
The Covered Bonds may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross-up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Covered Bonds. 
No events of default  
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain no contractual events of default or right to accelerate 
the Covered Bonds on a failure to pay, insolvency of the Issuer or otherwise. If the Issuer fails to make a payment 
when due or becomes insolvent, then the Covered Bonds remain outstanding in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The Act on Covered Bonds does not stipulate to what extent it is necessary to 
register a security in respect of other assets in a cover pool. 
Maintenance of the Register  
The Issuer must maintain a register (the “Register”) in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool and any 
derivative agreements. If the Register or the value of the Cover Pool is not maintained in accordance with the 
Act on Covered Bonds, the FSA may revoke the Issuer’s license to issue Covered Bonds. Assets in a cover pool

--- Page 23 ---
16 
 
 
must be endorsed showing they are part of a cover pool and have been entered in a register as provided for in 
the Act on Covered Bonds. The endorsement must also indicate that the debt instrument is to secure priority 
rights of a specific class of covered bonds.  
If the Issuer fails to enter the assets in the Cover Pool and payments received therefrom (“Cover Pool Revenue”) 
in the Register, the Covered Bondholders and Swap Providers will not have priority claims to the Cover Pool and 
the Cover Pool Revenue and will rank with the Issuer’s unsecured creditors in the event the Issuer is subject to 
winding-up proceedings. 
 
Conflicting interests of other creditors  
The rights of the Covered Bondholders rank junior to counterparties to derivative agreements included in the 
Cover Pool, though they have preferential right with respect to other creditors against the Cover Pool. Further, 
in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, they will rank junior to costs incurred in connection with the 
operation, management, collection and realisation of the Cover Pool, as well as the claims due to derivative 
agreements concluded in accordance with the provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds, which will be covered 
before the claims of the Covered Bondholders.  
To the extent that Covered Bondholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets 
comprising the Cover Pool, they will be able to apply for the balance of their claims as unsecured creditors of the 
Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the liquidation of the other assets of the 
Issuer not comprising the Cover Pool. The Covered Bondholders would in such case rank pari passu with the other 
unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and, as a result, may not receive all amounts owed by the 
Issuer to such Covered Bondholders. However, as a result of the enactment of the Emergency Act, should the 
Issuer enter into winding-up proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of the Act on Financial Undertakings No. 
161/2002 (the “Act on Financial Undertakings”), Article 102 of the Act on Financial Undertakings such claims of 
Covered Bondholders would be subordinated to the claims of certain of the Issuer‘s depositors. If this were to 
occur, there may not be sufficient assets in the resulting estate to pay such claims after the claims of depositors 
have been paid. 
Restriction on ability to petition for bankruptcy  
If distributions on realisation of the assets in the Cover Pool are insufficient to make payments on the Covered 
Bonds, none of the Covered Bondholders, any Swap Provider, any Paying Agent shall be entitled at any time to 
file against the Issuer, or join in any filing against the Issuer of any winding-up, bankruptcy, reorganisation, 
arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any applicable bankruptcy or 
similar law in connection with any obligations of the Issuer relating to the issuance of the Covered Bonds, save 
for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer which is initiated by another party or taking proceedings to 
obtain a declaration or judgment as to the obligations of the Issuer in relation thereto. 
Liquidity  
If the Issuer is wound up, neither the Issuer nor its estate would be authorised to issue further Covered Bonds. 
It would therefore not be possible for a winding-up committee to raise finance in the market by the issuance of 
further Covered Bonds following the winding-up of the Issuer. Further, neither the Act on Covered Bonds nor the 
Rules on Covered Bonds stipulate that the winding-up committee or the Issuer’s estate may contract debt 
obligations of any kind in order to service timely payment under the terms of the Covered Bonds. There is no 
legislation in effect which states that the winding-up committee managing the Issuer’s estate can raise loans or 
enter into any such agreements in order to service the timely payment of interest and principal on the Covered 
Bonds. Article 17(1) of the Act on Covered Bonds states that the winding-up committee shall fulfil an issuer’s 
commitments under covered bonds and derivative agreements using the mortgage bonds and other assets in 
the cover pool and payments received on such assets, provided that the assets are listed in the register. However, 
neither the Act on Covered Bonds nor the Rules on Covered Bonds provide any guidelines as to whether liquidity 
can be raised by selling the mortgage bonds and other assets registered to the cover pool in the market. The 
Issuer is subject to liquidity requirements in its capacity as a commercial bank supervised by the FSA, including a 
statutory requirement to maintain sufficient liquidity to enable it to discharge its obligations as they fall due. The 
Issuer is also subject to the Central Bank’s Rules no. 266/2017, on Liquidity Ratios. The FSA has issued guidelines 
on liquidity, which are not binding on the Issuer. However, any serious or systematic deviations from such

--- Page 24 ---
17 
 
 
guidelines may lead to the FSA determining that the Issuer’s business does not fulfil the statutory soundness 
requirement for commercial banks and result in the FSA imposing sanctions against the Issuer. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COVER POOL 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their loan  
There are many circumstances that affect the level of credit loss, early repayments, withdrawals and final 
payments of interest and principal amounts, such as changes in the economic climate, both nationally and 
internationally, and changes regarding taxation, interest rate developments, level of unemployment, inflation 
and/or the political environment. Borrowers may default as a result of interest rate increases or as a result of 
adverse developments in their own personal circumstances (for example, in respect of residential mortgages 
following redundancy or divorce, insolvency of the borrower and/or insolvency of the tenant of the relevant 
property and/or failure (for any reason) by such tenant to make rental payments in respect of such property). In 
addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property pledged as security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient 
to repay the amounts outstanding under that mortgage loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the 
availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general at the time. The 
Act on Covered Bonds provides that no mortgage loan may be registered in the Cover Pool if payment on it is in 
arrears 90 days or more. 
Default in respect of the Issuer’s assets comprised in the Cover Pool could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to make 
payments in full or on a timely basis on the Covered Bonds. Risks attaching to the Covered Bonds as a result of 
default in respect of the assets in the Cover Pool are reduced by a number of features of the Covered Bonds, 
including the ability of the Issuer to substitute assets to and from the relevant Cover Pool. However, if a material 
amount of assets in the Cover Pool were to default, there is no guarantee that the required level of assets within 
the relevant Cover Pool could be maintained or that the Issuer would be in a position to substitute non-defaulting 
assets for the defaulting assets. 
Non-compliance with matching rules  
The Act on Covered Bonds contains matching rules which, inter alia, require that the total current value of the 
assets registered to the cover pool as collateral for a specific class of covered bonds must always exceed the total 
current value of the principal of the covered bonds of that same class. The Act on Covered Bonds also requires 
that the instalments and other payment flows accruing on assets in the cover pool and from derivative 
agreements are in such a manner that all commitments towards the covered bondholders and derivative 
agreements can be met.  
A breach of the matching requirements prior to the winding-up of the Issuer in the circumstances where no 
additional assets are available to the Issuer or the Issuer lacks the ability to acquire additional assets could cause 
the FSA to revoke the Issuer’s license to issue Covered Bonds. The same applies in the event that the Issuer does 
not comply with other requirements prescribed in the Act on Covered Bonds.  
If the matching requirements are breached following the winding-up of the Issuer, the winding-up committee 
would not be permitted to add more assets to the Cover Pool. The Act on Covered Bonds does not provide any 
further guidance as to the consequences of a breach of the matching rules following the winding-up of the Issuer.  
To the extent that the Covered Bondholders are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets 
comprising the Cover Pool, the Covered Bondholders will not be able to file against the Issuer or join in any filing 
against the Issuer of any winding-up proceedings, Bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency or 
liquidation proceedings see above “Restrictions on ability to petition for bankruptcy”. The explanatory 
memorandum for the Act on Covered Bonds provides that assets can be removed from the cover pool and 
replaced with same kind of assets without limitations. If assets are replaced with substitute collateral there are 
limitations in the Act on Covered Bonds as to how much can be replaced with such collateral. Neither the Act on 
Covered Bonds nor the Rules on Covered Bonds provide clear guidance in this respect. This can, however, be 
subject to contract. 
Overcollateralisation 
The Issuer will maintain the Value of the relevant Cover Pool at a level that exceeds the value of the Covered 
Bonds by at least 25 per cent. (“Overcollateralisation”) until March 2024. From March 2024 until May 2026 the

--- Page 25 ---
18 
 
 
Overcollateralisation of the Cover Pool will be at least 20 per cent. From May 2026 the Overcollateralisation of 
the Cover Pool will be at least 10 per cent. This Overcollateralisation, in the opinion of the Issuer, will be sufficient 
to manage the market risk of the Cover Pool and to enable the Covered Bonds to obtain and maintain the 
Programme and any Cover Pool rating. The rating of the Covered Bonds, if any, is based on an assumption of 
Overcollateralisation; if the level of Overcollateralisation is not maintained, the rating of the Covered Bonds may 
change from time to time. 
According to the Issuer´s license to issue the Covered Bonds the aggregated total amount of the Cover Pool shall 
not exceed a level of 30 per cent. above the issued Covered Bonds at any time unless increased demand has 
developed due to other provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds, such as due to stress test present value 
calculations. If the Overcollateralisation exceeds the limit the Issuer shall notify the FSA and the Independent 
Inspector immediately. The Issuer will have 14 days to remedy the level. See the sections Cover Pool Assets and 
The Issuer’s licence to issue Covered Bonds in the section Summary of Icelandic legislation relating to Covered 
Bonds. 
The Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
Mortgaged real estate in respect of residential properties securing the Covered Bonds issued under this Base 
Prospectus will be located in Iceland. Such real estate properties may be concentrated in certain locations and 
any deterioration in prices in the residential real estate markets and any deterioration in the economic conditions 
in such areas may adversely affect the ability of the borrowers to make payments on the loans. The concentration 
of loans secured by residential properties, therefore, result in a greater risk of non-payment than if such 
concentration had not been present. 
Moreover, such factors may have an impact on the value of the properties. If the residential real estate markets 
in Iceland experience an overall decline in property values, the value of the Cover Pool could be significantly 
reduced and, may ultimately, result in losses allocable to the Covered Bonds should it be necessary to enforce 
the security granted in respect of such properties.  
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bond holders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the bonds or other assets 
contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool, as it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool may 
change from time to time. However, an Independent Inspector appointed under the Independent Inspector 
Agreement and in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, and appurtenant regulations, shall monitor the 
Issuer’s compliance with the requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds. A regular report on the Cover Pool will 
be published quarterly, no later than 30 days from the end of each quarter, on the Issuer‘s homepage: 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations.  
There is no assurance that the characteristics of further mortgages will be the same as those mortgages in the 
Cover Pool as at Issue Date. However, each mortgage will be required to meet the requirements set out in the 
Act on Covered Bonds and appurtenant regulations. 
 
Economic Conditions 
As the assets which make up the Cover Pool will include loans secured by mortgages over residential properties, 
then the values of the assets and the ability of the Issuer to continue to make timely payments on the Covered 
Bonds could be adversely affected by, among other things, adverse developments in the Icelandic economy 
and/or residential and/or, the real estate markets. 
As at the date of the Base Prospectus all of the properties over which the mortgages are created are located in 
Iceland. The residential properties in the Cover Pool may, however, be concentrated in certain locations in 
Iceland. The value of the Cover Pool may decline in the event of a general or location-specific deterioration in 
prices of residential properties or general deterioration or location-specific deterioration in economic conditions. 
This could adversely affect the Issuer’s operating results, financial condition, and business prospects as well as 
its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Appraisals

--- Page 26 ---
19 
 
 
In accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, appraisals or valuation of the properties securing the mortgage 
loans may be undertaken by the Issuer, and take account of the following: (a) The selling price of a property on 
the day the transaction is made; or (b) an independent appraisal conducted by a licensed realtor; or (c) an 
acquisition offer, signed on behalf of both the seller and the buyer; or (d) the rateable value of the property, 
made by Registers Iceland (Ice. Þjóðskrá Íslands). Appraisals based on the selling price of a property shall be valid 
for a period of 3 months from the day the transaction was made.  
No assurance can be given that values of the properties underlying the mortgage loans have remained or will 
remain at the levels which existed on the dates of appraisal (or, where applicable, on the dates of appraisal 
updates) of the related mortgage loans.  
The appraisal relates both to the land and to the structure; in fact, a significant portion of the appraised value of 
a property may be attributable to the value of the land rather than to the residence. Because of the unique 
locations and special features of certain properties, identifying comparable properties in nearby locations may 
be difficult. The appraised values of such properties will be based to a greater extent on adjustments made by 
the appraisers to the appraised values of reasonably similar properties rather than on objectively verifiable sales 
data. As a result, such appraisals could be more likely to overvalue certain properties and therefore overstate 
the value of the collateral underlying the Cover Pool. 
No due diligence 
Covered Bondholders will not have the ability to investigate the Cover Pool but will instead rely on the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Act on Covered Bonds and the investigations of the Independent Investigator. 
Other than any reviewed interim financial statements or audited annual financial statements the Issuer does not 
publish any separate review or audits of the Cover Pool. However, the Issuer is subject to surveillance by an 
Independent Inspector in accordance with the requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds and FSA. This 
Independent Inspector monitors that the register is maintained in a correct manner See the section Supervision 
by an Independent Inspector in the section Summary of Icelandic legislation relating to covered bonds for a 
description of the Independent Inspector. 
The Issuer will not undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of the assets in the Cover 
Pool.  
Changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer  
Each of the mortgage loans originated by the Issuer will have been granted in accordance with its lending criteria 
at the time of origination. It is expected that the Issuer’s lending criteria will generally consider type of property, 
term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value (“LTV”) ratio, status of applicants and credit history. The Issuer 
retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time but would do so only to the extent that such a 
change would be acceptable to a reasonable, prudent mortgage lender. If the lending criteria changes in a 
manner that affects the creditworthiness of the mortgage loans, that may lead to increased defaults by 
borrowers and may affect the Cover Pool revenue or the realisable value of the Cover Pool.  
In accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds the Issuer may only include in the Cover Pool mortgage loans issued 
against mortgages secured by real property if the LTV ratio does not exceed 80 per cent. for residential property, 
60 per cent. for industrial, office or commercial property, and 70 per cent. for agricultural property. Moreover, 
as noted above, mortgage loans 90 days or more in arrears may not be registered in the Cover Pool. 
Set-off risks in relation to some types of loans may adversely affect the value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof  
Registration of assets in the Cover Pool will not affect the rights of borrowers. Borrowers will therefore continue 
to have independent set-off rights against the Issuer, such as, for example, set-off rights associated with 
borrowers’ holding deposits with the Issuer.  
The exercise of set-off rights by borrowers may adversely affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and/or the 
ability of the winding-up committee to meet in full the Issuer’s obligation under the Covered Bonds. 
Liquidity Risk relating to the Cover Pool upon insolvency of the Issuer

--- Page 27 ---
20 
 
 
According to the Act on Covered Bonds, upon an insolvency event of the Issuer, the court appointed 
administrator shall fulfil the commitments of the Issuer under the Programme. However, there are no assurances 
that the Cover Pool can sustain the Covered Bonds payments post insolvency which could force the administrator 
to liquidate the Cover Pool. In such an event there could potentially be no market, or a limited market, for the 
Cover Pool assets. 
Set-off risks in relation to some types of Loans may adversely affect the value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof 
There is a risk that borrowers of certain loans contained in the Cover Pool retain a residual right under Icelandic 
law to set-off claims against the Issuer against the amount outstanding under their relevant loans. Under 
Icelandic law set-off can be exercised when claims are (i) mutual, (ii) due, and (iii) obligations are of the same 
nature.  
In such circumstances the borrowers of certain loans contained in the Cover Pool would most likely be depositors 
with the Issuer. In a bankruptcy event of the Issuer, these depositors are guaranteed under the Icelandic Act No. 
98/1999, on the Depositors and Investors Guarantee Fund, certain to a maximum amount. The Guarantee Fund 
would in a bankruptcy event compensate the depositor and assume the deposit claims, which would become 
priority claims of the estate of the Issuer under the Icelandic Act No. 21/1991 on Bankruptcy etc., cf. the Act on 
Financial Undertakings, and therefore reducing any risk of set-off as the Guarantee Fund would not assume any 
right to set-off against the Issuer. The Issuer however intends to mitigate this risk with Overcollateralisation.  
The exercise of set-off rights by borrowers may adversely affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and/or the 
ability of the winding-up committee to meet in full the Issuer’s obligation under the Covered Bonds. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Issuer if Cover Pool to be sold  
In the event of the bankruptcy of the Issuer, the winding-up committee shall fulfil the Issuer’s obligations under 
the Covered Bonds and any Swap Agreements using the assets in the Cover Pool and the Cover Pool Revenue. In 
respect of any sale of assets in the Cover Pool to third parties, the Issuer may not be permitted to give 
representations and warranties or indemnities in respect of the assets in the Cover Pool. Accordingly, there is a 
risk that the realisable value of the Cover Pool could be adversely affected by the lack of representations and 
warranties or indemnities which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the administrator to meet in full all 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Enforcement Risk 
When a mortgage loan is enforced, a court order may be needed to establish the borrower’s obligation to pay 
and to enable a sale by executive measures. The Issuer’s ability to make use of the collateral after enforcement 
can be limited and the collateral could decline in value when trying to sell the collateral in the market. 
 
RISK RELATING TO COVERED BONDS GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to covered bonds generally: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered Bonds or 
have different terms to an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new Series). All 
Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other. 
 
Obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute obligations of the Issuer which have the benefit of a statutory preference 
under the Act on Covered Bonds in respect of the relevant pool of assets maintained by the Issuer being the 
Cover Pool. An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a reliance on the assets of the Cover Pool and the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any third party. In addition, an 
investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived 
creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely affect the market value of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 28 ---
21 
 
 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any other party to the Programme, 
their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer. The Issuer 
will be liable solely in its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds and such 
obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, members, directors, employees, security 
holders or incorporators. There can be no assurance that the Cover Pool will be sufficient to pay in full the 
amounts payable under the Covered Bonds programme. 
 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms will provide that an Extended Maturity Date applies to each Series of Covered Bonds 
unless to do so would result in the Issuer being unable to obtain if applicable the relevant credit rating from the 
relevant rating agencies appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, as 
applicable. 
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from the Maturity Date 
to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate payments or 
take action against the Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the Covered Bondholders in that event other 
than as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds as amended by the applicable Final Terms. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may at its discretion decide to either pay amounts due on any Interest Payment Date or 
add the same to the principal amount outstanding. 
RISK RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk. 
Interest rate risks  
Interest rate risks occur when fixed interest periods or interest basis for assets and liabilities do not coincide. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. Investments in Floating Rate Covered Bonds will 
involve a risk of interest rate changes.  
The Issuer may enter into Cover Pool Swaps and Interest Rate Swaps to ensure that the risks do not exceed the 
limit values approved by its Board of Directors and to ensure that matching is maintained in accordance with the 
Act on Covered Bonds. 
Competition 
The Issuer faces competition in the residential mortgage market in Iceland. Some of the Issuer’s competitors may 
be larger and better capitalised. The Issuer may face pricing pressure in the future as competitors seek to obtain 
market shares by reducing prices or offering new services at low prices. While the Issuer believes it is positioned 
to compete effectively with these competitors, there can be no assurance that existing or increased competition 
will not adversely affect the Issuer. The demand for the Issuer’s products is also dependant on levels of customer 
confidence, prevailing market rates and other factors that have an influence on the customers’ economic 
situation. 
Absence of secondary market 
While the Covered Bonds have been traded, and to some extent, a secondary market has developed, there can 
be no assurance that an active and liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will continue for the life of 
the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Covered Bondholders with liquidity of investment with the result that 
a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will 
enable the Covered Bond holder to realise a desired yield.

--- Page 29 ---
22 
 
 
2. STATEMENTS 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the FSA as competent authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(Prospectus Regulation), which has been implemented in Iceland through Act on Prospectus for Public Offering 
or Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market No. 14/2020 for the purpose of giving information with regard 
to the issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme during a period of at least twelve months from the date of 
its publication. The FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. The FSA’s approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus, nor should it be considered as 
an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
ISSUER’S STATEMENT 
The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Íslandsbanki hf. ID number 491008-0160, registered 
office being Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland, on behalf of the Issuer, are responsible for the content of this 
Prospectus and hereby declare that having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import.  
Reykjavík, Iceland, 30 June 2021 
 
 
On behalf of Íslandsbanki hf. 
 
 
___________________________________ 
Birna Einarsdóttir 
Chief Executive Officer 
Icelandic ID No. 130761-3729 
 
 
 
__________________________________ 
Jón Guðni Ómarsson 
Chief Financial Offier 
Icelandic ID No. 020576-4809 
 
 
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE REPORT ON THE SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR THE FINANCIAL 
YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019 AND 31 DECEMBER 2020 AND FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED 31 MARCH 2021 
The auditor of the Issuer for the years 2019 and 2020 was Ernst & Young ehf. and bears the registration number 
520902-2010. The registered office of the auditor is at Borgartún 30, 105 Reykjavík. Margrét Pétursdóttir was 
the Issuer’s auditor on behalf of Ernst & Young ehf. She is a member in the Institute of State Authorized Public 
Accountants in Iceland (FLE).

--- Page 30 ---
23 
 
 
To the Board of Directors of Íslandsbanki hf.  
We have audited the consolidated financial statements for the financial years 2019 and 2020 presented and 
published by Management and the Board of Directors of Íslandsbanki hf. from which the consolidated financial 
information on pages 96-99 have been extracted. We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with International Standards on Auditing. Our independent audit opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements 2019 and 2020 for Íslandsbanki hf. can be found on the website: 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations 
The firm applies International Standard on Quality Control 1 and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system 
of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical 
requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the Icelandic Law on Auditors and 
audit and other ethical requirements from the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (IESBA Code) issued 
by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of 
integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. 
Our responsibility is based on our work to express a conclusion on the extraction of the financial information 
from the published consolidated financial statements. 
We did not carry out any additional audit procedures after sign-off of the 2020 consolidated financial statements 
that were signed on 10 February 2021. 
 
Basis of conclusion 
We have planned and performed our work in accordance with the ISAE 3000 “Assurance Engagements Other 
Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” to obtain reasonable assurance that the financial 
information on pages 96-99 are, in all material respects, in accordance with the published consolidated financial 
statements from which they have been extracted.  
Our work primarily consisted of comparing the financial information presented on pages 96-99 to financial 
information in the consolidated financial statements for 2019 and 2020. 
Conclusion 
Our conclusion is that the consolidated financial information presented on pages 96-99 are, in all material 
respects, in accordance with the published consolidated financial statements for the financial years 2019 and 
2020 from which they have been extracted. 
 
Reykjavík, Iceland, 30 June 2021 
On behalf of Ernst & Young ehf 
 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is not based on the statements of external specialists or another third party other than 
publicly available information published by governmental entities. In such instances the information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
LISTING AND VALIDITY OF THIS PROSPECTUS  
Applications may be made for new series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on NASDAQ Iceland’s Main Market. The regulated market of the NASDAQ Iceland is a regulated market,

--- Page 31 ---
24 
 
 
for the purposes of MiFID which has been implemented in Iceland through the Act on Securities Transactions, 
and Act on Stock Exchanges No. 110/2007, or for the purpose of MiFID II, which will be implemented into 
Icelandic law on MiFID II Implementation Date. Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme have been 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, of Nasdaq Iceland.  
 
This Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
 
 
3. NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
The Base Prospectus is not being distributed in, and must not be mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or 
into, any country in which distribution would require any additional registration measures or other measures to 
be taken, other than as applicable under Icelandic law and regulations, or would be in conflict with any law or 
regulation in such country. The Base Prospectus may be passported in accordance with the provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation into other jurisdictions within the European Economic Area. 
The admission to trading will proceed pursuant to Icelandic law and regulations. The FSA, has scrutinised and 
approved this Base Prospectus, which is published in English only.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared to provide clear and thorough information on the consolidated company 
Íslandsbanki hf. Investors are encouraged to acquaint themselves thoroughly with this Base Prospectus. They are 
advised to pay particular attention to the Risk Factors. This Base Prospectus should by no means be viewed or 
construed as a promise by the Issuer or other parties of future success either in operations or return on 
investments. Investors are reminded that investing in securities entails risk, as the decision to invest is based on 
expectations and not promises. Investors must rely primarily on their own judgement regarding any decision to 
invest in the Issuer’s securities, bearing in mind inter alia the business environment in which it operates, 
anticipated profits, external conditions and the risk inherent in the investment itself. Prospective investors are 
advised to contact experts, such as licensed financial institutions, to assist them in their assessment of the 
securities issued by the Issuer as an investment option. Investors are advised to consider their legal status, 
including taxation issues that may concern the purchase or sale of the Issuer’s securities and seek external and 
independent advice in that respect. 
Notwithstanding a special statement to the contrary references to any laws, acts or regulations are references 
to acts passed by the Icelandic parliament and regulations issued by Icelandic governmental agencies unless 
otherwise clear from the context.

--- Page 32 ---
25 
 
 
 4. APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme. 
[Date] 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or in 
the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 33 ---
26 
 
 
[Date] 
 
 
ÍSLANDSBANKI HF. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300PZMFIQR79Q0T97 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the ISK 270,000,000,000 
 
Covered Bond Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the Terms and Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2021 This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any supplements if 
applicable which constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information 
on the Issuer, and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms, the Base Prospectus and any supplements, if applicable. Copies of said Base Prospectus and any 
supplements, 
if 
applicable, 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
webpage, 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations  and at the office of the Issuer at Hagasmári 3, 
201 Kópavogur, Iceland. 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. Issuer: 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
2.  
i. 
Series Number:  
 
[ ] 
ii. 
Tranche Number:  
[ ] 
 
 
iii. 
Ticker: 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Covered 
Bonds become fungible) 
[ ] 
3. Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[ ] 
4. Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 34 ---
27 
 
 
i. 
Series:  
[ ] 
ii. 
Tranche:  
[ ] 
5. Issue Price:  
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. Specified Denominations:  
[ ] 
 
 
7.  
i. 
Issue Date:  
 
[ ] 
ii. 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[ ] 
8.  
i. 
Maturity Date: 
 
 
ii. 
Extended Maturity Date:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sections of 
this 
subparagraph) 
The Extended Maturity Date is [specify date or 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year; in each case falling up to 
36 months after the Maturity Date] 
 [If applicable, complete relevant sections 
regarding interest, etc.] 
9.  
i. 
Interest Basis to Maturity Date:  
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR/REIBOR] +/- [ ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
ii. 
Interest Basis from Maturity Date to 
Extended Maturity Date:  
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[LIBOR/EURIBOR/REIBOR] +/- [ ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[specify other] 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Annuity] 
[Redemption at par]

--- Page 35 ---
28 
 
 
 
[Equal principal payments] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[specify other] 
 
 
i. 
Payment Basis: 
ii. 
Instalment Amounts: 
iii. 
Instalment Dates: 
 
[] 
[] 
[] 
11. Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Covered Bonds into another Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis] 
 
 
 
 
12. Call Option:  
[Issuer Call/ Not Applicable] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. Status of the Covered Bonds: 
  
Senior. 
14. Approval for issuance of the Covered Bonds: 
 
[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Covered Bonds 
obtained]: 
[Date/ Not Applicable] (N.B. Only relevant where 
Board (or similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds) 
 
 
15. Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED ANNUITY COVERED BONDS 
 
16. Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i. 
Rate(s) of Interest to Maturity Date: 
[    ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]

--- Page 36 ---
29 
 
 
ii. 
Rate(s) of Interest from Maturity 
Date to Extended Maturity Date: 
[    ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
iii. 
Number of Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ] 
iv. 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[The [   ] day in the months of [] and [] in each year 
up to and including the Maturity Date]. First 
Interest Payment Date being []. 
v. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [specify other] 
vi. 
Principal Repayment(s): 
An amount calculated by the Issuer on each 
Interest Payment Date by multiplying the nominal 
amount on the Issue Date with the Index Ratio and 
with the factor A, which is calculated according to 
the following formula: 
1
)
1(
1
)
1(
*
−
+
−
+
=
n
r
k
r
r
A
 
 
Where 
A = Principal repayment factor 
r = 
f
c  
 
c = The rate of interest of the relevant bond 
 
f = The number of interest payments per year 
 
n = Number of Interest Payment Dates 
 
k = the number of payments that have already 
been made (k=0 on the Issue Date, k=1 on the 
first Interest Payment Date, k=n on the last 
Interest Payment Date, etc.) 
vii. 
Interest Payment(s): 
Interest is calculated on each Interest Payment 
date as the nominal amount on the Issue Date 
multiplied with the Index Ratio and with the 
factor I, which is calculated according to the 
following formula: 
 
1
)
1(
1
)
1(
)
1(
*
−
+




−
+
−
+
=
n
r
k
r
n
r
r
k
I
 
Where 
Ik = Interest repayment factor for period k

--- Page 37 ---
30 
 
 
r = 
f
c  
 
c = The rate of interest of the relevant bond 
 
f = The number of interest payments per year 
 
n = Number of Interest Payment Dates 
 
k = the number of payments that have already 
been made (k=0 on the Issue Date, k=1 on the 
first Interest Payment Date, k=n on the last 
Interest Payment Date, etc.)  
viii. 
Payment(s): 
On each Interest Payment Date the sum of the 
relevant Principal Repayment and the Interest 
Payment.  
 
ix. 
Calculation Agent:: 
[Issuer] [specify other] 
x. 
Index Ratio: 
The value of the Index Ratio (IR) on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be the value of the 
Reference Index (RI) applicable to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date divided by the value of the 
Base Index (BI) as calculated by the Issuer: 
BI
t
RI
IR =
 
where: 
Reference Index or RIt means on each Interest 
Payment Date: 
For each day in the calendar month 
and number RI rounded to 5 decimals:  
 








−
−
−
−
+
−
=
2
1
*
1
2
RI
M
CP
M
CP
D
d
M
CP
 
          where: 
CPM-1 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland in 
the month preceding month M 
 
CPM-2 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland 2 
months prior to month M 
 
d = the relevant calendar date

--- Page 38 ---
31 
 
 
 
D = number of calendar days in the relevant 
calendar month 
 
Provided that if the Reference Index is lower 
than the Base Index, the Reference Index shall 
equal the Base Index. 
And 
Base Index means [to be inserted], being the value 
of the CPI on [to be inserted]. 
If at any time a new index is substituted for the CPI, 
as of the calendar month from and including that in 
which such substitution takes effect: 
(i)  the Reference Index shall be deemed to refer to 
the new index; and 
(ii) the new Base Index shall be the product of the 
existing Base Index and the Reference Index 
immediately following such substitution, divided by 
the Reference Index immediately prior to such 
substitution. 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED EQUAL PRINCIPAL PAYMENT COVERED BONDS INCLUDING 
COVERED BONDS WITH ONE PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL ON MATURITY DATE 
17. Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i. 
Rate(s) of Interest to Maturity Date: 
[    ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
ii. 
Rate(s) of Interest from Maturity 
Date to Extended Maturity Date: 
[    ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
iii. 
Number of Interest Payment Dates: 
[number of dates] 
iv. 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[The [   ] day in the months of [] and [] in each year 
up to and including the Maturity Date]. First 
Interest Payment Date being []. 
v. 
Number of Principal Payment Dates: 
[Number of Interest Payment Dates/1]

--- Page 39 ---
32 
 
 
vi. 
Principal Payment Date(s): 
[On each Interest Payment Date/Maturity Date] 
vii. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Act/Act] [specify other] 
viii. 
Principal Repayment(s): 
An amount calculated by the Issuer on each 
Principal Payment Date by multiplying the Principal 
Amount Outstanding on the Issue Date with the 
Index Ratio and dividing with the number of 
principal Payment Dates. 
ix. 
Interest Payment(s): 
Interest is calculated on each Interest Payment 
date as the Principal Amount Outstanding on each 
Interest Payment Date multiplied with the Rate of 
Interest and, the appropriate Day Count Fraction.  
x. 
Payments(s): 
On each Interest Payment Date the sum of the 
relevant Principal Repayment and the Interest 
Payment. 
xi. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Issuer] [specify other] 
xii. 
Principal Amount Outstanding: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On the relevant Interest Payment Date, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding is calculated based 
on the following formula: 
1
-
t
IR
t
IR
)
1
1
(
P
−
−
−
=
t
PR
t
PAO
t
AO
 
where: 
 
PAOt means the Principal Amount Outstanding on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
 
PAOt-1 means the Principal Amount Outstanding on 
the preceding Interest Payment Date. 
 
PRt-1 means the Principal Repayment on the 
preceding Interest Payment Date. 
 
IRt means the Index Ratio on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 40 ---
33 
 
 
 
 
xiii. 
Index Ratio: 
IRt-1 means the Index Ratio on the preceding 
Interest Payment Date (Issue Date for the first 
Interest Payment Date). 
The value of the Index Ratio (IR) on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date shall be the value of the 
Reference Index (RI) applicable to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date divided by the value of the 
Base Index (BI) as calculated by the Issuer: 
BI
t
RI
IR =
 
where: 
Reference Index or RIt means on each Interest 
Payment Date: 
For each day in the calendar month 
and number RI rounded to 5 decimals:  
 








−
−
−
−
+
−
=
2
1
*
1
2
RI
M
CP
M
CP
D
d
M
CP
 
          where: 
CPM-1 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland in 
the month preceding month M 
 
CPM-2 = CPI value published by Statistic Iceland 2 
months prior to month M 
 
d = the relevant calendar date 
 
D = number of calendar days in the relevant 
calendar month 
 
Provided that if the Reference Index is lower 
than the Base Index, the Reference Index shall 
equal the Base Index. 
And 
Base Index means [to be inserted], being the value 
of the CPI on [to be inserted]. 
If at any time a new index is substituted for the CPI, 
as of the calendar month from and including that in 
which such substitution takes effect:

--- Page 41 ---
34 
 
 
(i)  the Reference Index shall be deemed to refer to 
the new index; and 
(ii) the new Base Index shall be the product of the 
existing Base Index and the Reference Index 
immediately following such substitution, divided by 
the Reference Index immediately prior to such 
substitution. 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
18. Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i. 
Rate(s) of Interest to Maturity Date:  
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
ii. 
Rate(s) of Interest from Maturity 
Date to Extended Maturity Date:  
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
iii. 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/ [specify other] 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
iv. 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ISMA)/[specify other]] 
v. 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds:  
 
[None/Give details] 
19. Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 42 ---
35 
 
 
i. 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
ii. 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
[specify other]] 
iii. 
Additional Business Centre(s):  
[Specify/None ] 
iv. 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
v. 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount : 
[ Issuer/Other] 
vi. 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
-Reference Rate:  
[ ] 
 
(Either LIBOR, EURIBOR, REIBOR or other, although 
additional information is required if other) 
-Interest Determination Date(s):  
[ ] 
 
(Second London Business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) and 
second Reykjavík Business Day of each interest 
period if REIBOR 
-Relevant Screen Page:  
[ ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Telerate Page 248 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
vii. 
ISDA Determination:

--- Page 43 ---
36 
 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option:  
[ ] 
- 
Designated Maturity:  
[ ] 
- 
Reset Date:  
[ ] 
viii. 
Margin(s) to Maturity Date:  
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
ix. 
Margin(s) from Maturity Date to 
Extended Maturity Date:  
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
x. 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[[ ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
xi. 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[[ ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
xii. 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 
 
30E/360 
 
Other] 
 
(See Condition 6.7 for alternatives) 
xiii. 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds, if different from those set 
out in the Terms and Conditions: 
 
[ ]

--- Page 44 ---
37 
 
 
20. Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
i. 
Accrual Yield:  
[ ] per cent. per annum 
ii. 
Reference Price:  
[ ] 
iii. 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[ ] 
iv. 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment: 
 
[Conditions 8.6.b) and 8.10 apply/specify other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select "Applicable") 
i. 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[ ] 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select "Each Interest Payment 
Date") 
ii. 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Covered Bond and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[ ] per Covered Bond of [ ] Specified 
Denomination] [specify formula] [Condition 8.6 (a) 
applies] 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select "Condition 8.6 a) applies")

--- Page 45 ---
38 
 
 
iii. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 [ As set out in Condition 8.6 ] 
iv. 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
(ii) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
v. 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Terms and Conditions): 
[ ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply) 
22. Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
[[ ] per Covered Bond of [ ] Specified 
Denomination/specify other/see Appendix] [Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. For Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bonds, select "Not Applicable") 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which 
are expressed at paragraph 6 above to have a 
minimum denomination and tradeable amounts 
above such minimum denomination which are 
smaller than it the following wording should be 
added: "For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a 
holding of Covered Bonds in an integral multiple of [   
] in excess of [   ] as envisaged in paragraph 6 above, 
such holding will be redeemed at its nominal 
amount.".) 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
23. New Global Covered Bond: 
[Yes/No]

--- Page 46 ---
39 
 
 
24. Form of Covered Bonds:  
[VS System Covered Bonds]  
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Covered Bond which is exchangeable for definitive 
Covered Bonds [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only after an Exchange Event]] 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for definitive Covered Bonds on and 
after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond 
exchangeable for definitive Covered Bonds [on 60 
days' notice given at any time/only after an 
Exchange Event]]1 
[Registered Covered Bond] 
 
 
25. Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Days: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates) 
 
26. Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to definitive Covered Bonds 
(and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No. (If yes, give details)] 
 
27. Details relating to Partly Paid Covered 
Bonds: amount of each payment comprising 
the Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences of 
failure to pay, including any right of the 
Issuer to forfeit the Covered Bonds and 
interest due on late payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details. N.B. a new form of 
Temporary Global Covered Bond and/or Permanent 
 
 
1 The option to exchange a Temporary or Permanent Global Covered Bond for a Definitive Covered Bond on 60 days' written 
notice which may be given at any time will only be available to Bondholders where (a) drawdowns are issued in denominations 
that are a multiple of the minimum denomination traded by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) in circumstances where 
the Bondholder's share is an integral of the minimum denomination traded by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 47 ---
40 
 
 
Global Covered Bond may be required for Partly Paid 
issues] 
28. Details relating to Instalment Covered 
Bonds: 
 
i. 
Instalment Amount(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
ii. 
Instalment Date(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
29. Redenomination applicable:  
Redenomination [not] applicable 
 
(if Redenomination is applicable, specify the applicable 
Day Count Fraction and any provisions necessary to 
deal with floating rate interest calculation (including 
alternative reference rates)) 
30. Other final terms:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(When adding any other final terms consideration 
should be given as to whether such terms constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the 
need for supplements to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
31. 
 
i. 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names ] 
 
 
 
ii. 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
  
32. If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
 
[ ] 
33. Additional selling restrictions:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Covered 
Bonds described herein pursuant to the ISK 270,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme of Íslandsbanki hf.] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY

--- Page 48 ---
41 
 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[ ] has been extracted from 
[ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 49 ---
42 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. LISTING 
 
i. 
Listing:  
[NASDAQ Iceland/other (specify)/None] 
ii. 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to 
be admitted to trading on [ ] with effect from [ ].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
2. RATING 
[Not Applicable/The Covered Bonds to be issued have 
been rated: 
[S & P: [•]] 
[Moody’s: [•]] 
[Fitch: [•]] 
[Other: [•]] 
[Need to include here a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)] 
3. NOTIFICATION 
 
[The [name of competent authority in home Member State] [has been requested to provide/has 
provided – include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or 
update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [names of competent 
authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
4. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer/Advisor], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the issue. – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
5. USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
i. 
Use of proceeds: 
[For general funding purposes of the Issuer] 
ii. 
Estimated net proceeds: 
iii. 
Estimated total expenses: 
[   ] 
[   ] 
 
 
6. YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only)

--- Page 50 ---
43 
 
 
Indication of yield:  
[ ] 
 
[Calculated as on the Issue Date. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
7. HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Covered Bonds Only) 
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/REIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Telerate]. 
 
8. PERFORMANCE OF CPI, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND 
OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING (Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation 
Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds Only) 
 
The general cash-flow of the Covered Bonds is determined in real terms on the Issue Date. The nominal value of 
each future payment depends on the development of the CPI as demonstrated by the formula in paragraph 16 
and 17 of Part A of this Final Terms. 
Information 
about 
the 
CPI 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
the 
website 
of 
Statistics 
of 
Iceland, 
https://www.statice.is/statistics/economy/prices/consumer-price-index/.

--- Page 51 ---
44 
 
 
9. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
i. 
ISIN Code:  
[ ] 
ii. 
Common Code:  
[ ] 
iii. 
CFI Code:  
[ ] 
iv. 
FISN Code:  
[ ] 
v. 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or 
Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
vi. 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
vii. 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] 
viii. 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
i. 
[Yes][No]. 
ii. 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Covered Bonds are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.][include this text if “yes” selected in 
which case the Covered Bonds must be issued 
in NGN form]

--- Page 52 ---
45 
 
 
5. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Covered Bond (as defined below). The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with 
the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Covered Bonds. Reference should be made to "Form of the Covered Bonds" for a description of the content of 
Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by Íslandsbanki hf. (the Issuer). 
Interest bearing Covered Bonds: Interest bearing definitive Bearer Covered Bonds have interest coupons 
(Coupons) and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. 
Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include 
a reference to Talons or talons. Covered Bonds repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment 
of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue.  
Final Terms: The final terms for this Covered Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms which are (except in the case of VS System Covered Bonds) attached to or endorsed on this Covered 
Bond. The Final Terms (or such relevant provisions thereof) must be read in conjunction with these Terms and 
Conditions may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this 
Covered Bond. References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof). 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the office of the Issuer at Hagasmári 3, 201 
Kópavogur, Iceland and on the Issuer’s website: https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-
relations. Copies may be obtained from the Issuer. 
Except where the context otherwise requires, capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in these Terms 
and Conditions (including the preceding paragraphs) shall bear the meanings given to them in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
1.1 Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholder shall be deemed to include references to Coupons 
and Coupon-holders, respectively, where relevant; 
1.2 If Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Covered Bonds 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to 
Talons; 
1.3 If Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Covered 
Bonds at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
1.4 Any reference to principal shall be deemed to include Final Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 9 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and any other amount in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 53 ---
46 
 
 
1.5 Any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
1.6 If an expression is stated in Condition 1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that 
such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to Covered 
Bonds; 
1.7 VS System Covered Bonds are in dematerialised form, and any references in these Terms 
and Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VS System Covered Bonds and no 
global or definitive Covered Bonds will be issued in respect thereof; and 
1.8 If the Covered Bonds are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, references to Coupons and 
Couponholders are not applicable. 
 
 
 
Accrual Period 
In accordance with Condition 6.7(c)(i), the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date 
Accrual Yield 
In relation to a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in 
the applicable Final Terms 
Act on Contracts 
The Icelandic Act on Contracts, Agency and Void Legal Instruments 
No. 7/1936, which came into effect 1 February 1936, as amended 
(Icelandic: Lög um samninga, umboð og ógilda löggerninga nr. 
7/1936)  
Act on Covered Bonds  
The Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds No. 11/2008 which came into 
effect 4 March 2008, as amended (Icelandic: Lög um sértryggð 
skuldabréf nr. 11/2008).  
Act on Interest and Price Indexation 
 
 
 
Act on Prospectus for Public Offering 
or Admission to Trading  
The Icelandic Act on Interest and Price Indexation No. 38/2001, 
which came into effect 1 July 2001, as amended (Icelandic: Lög um 
vexti og verðtryggingu nr. 38/2001) 
 
Act No. 14/2020 on Prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market 
(Ice. Lög um lýsingu verðbréfa sem boðin eru í almennu útboði eða 
tekin til viðskipta á skipulegum verðbréfamarkaði nr. 14/2020). 
 
Act on Financial Undertakings 
 
The Icelandic Act on Financial Undertakings No. 161/2002 which 
came into effect 1 January 2003, as amended (Icelandic: Lög um 
fjármálafyrirtæki nr. 161/2002)  
 
Act on Securities Transactions 
The Icelandic Act on Securities Transactions No. 108/2007 which 
came into effect 1 November 2007, as amended (Icelandic: Lög 
um verðbréfaviðskipti 108/2007)

--- Page 54 ---
47 
 
 
Additional Business Centre 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms 
Additional Financial Centre 
Amortised Face Amount 
Agency Agreement 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms 
The meaning given in Condition 8.6(b) 
Shall mean the agency agreement to be entered into between the 
Issuer, Fiscal Agent and other agents 
Annuity Amount 
The meaning given in Condition 7.1(a) 
Annuity Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds which will be redeemed in Annuity Amounts 
(subject to adjustment for indexation in accordance with the 
provisions specified in the applicable Final Terms) on one or more 
Interest Payment Dates as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Automatic Extension 
The meaning given in Condition 8.11(b) 
Bankruptcy Act 
The Icelandic Act on Bankruptcy etc., No. 21/1991 which came 
into effect 1 July 1992, as amended (Icelandic: lög um 
gjaldþrotaskipti o.fl. nr. 21/1991) 
Base Prospectus 
Bearer Covered Bond 
BRRD 
 
Business Day 
This Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2021 
Means Cover Bonds issued in bearer form 
EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive No. 59/2014 (as 
amended). 
As defined in Condition 6.7(a) 
Business Day Convention 
In respect of a Trance of Covered Bonds and either the Specified 
Periods or the Interest Payments Dates, the business day 
convention specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined 
in accordance with conditions 6.7(b) 
Calculation Agent 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF KennedyL-
1855,Luxembourg, or its successors 
Common Depositary 
The common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
CPI 
 
The consumer price indexation, as calculated by Statistics Iceland 
in accordance with the Act on Price Indexation No. 12/1995 
(Icelandic: Lög um vísitölu neysluverðs nr. 12/1995) and published 
monthly in the Legal Gazette (Icelandic: Lögbirtingablaðið) in 
Iceland 
Couponholders 
The holders of the Coupons (which expression shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talon) 
Coupons 
Interest coupons in respect of definitive Covered Bonds

--- Page 55 ---
48 
 
 
Cover Pool 
A collection of bonds, substitute collateral and other assets listed 
in the Register, as provided for in Chapter VI of the Act on 
Covered Bonds, in which the Covered Bondholders and Issuer´s 
counterparties have rights of priority pursuant to the provisions of 
the Act on Covered Bonds 
Cover Pool Member States 
A state which is a party to the Agreement on the European 
Economic Area or the European Free Trade Association Treaty, or 
the Faroe Islands 
Covered Bond 
The covered bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds 
Covered Bondholders 
The holders for the time being of the Covered Bonds 
Covered Bond Legislation 
 
 
 
 
CRA Regulation 
CRD IV 
CRR 
 
 
CSD 
Act on Securities Transactions, Act on Covered Bonds, any 
relevant executive orders and appurtenant regulations as may be 
supplemented, amended, modified or varied from time to time 
(as well as any judicial decisions and administrative 
pronouncements, all of which are subject to change, including 
with retroactive effect) 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on Credit Rating Agencies (as 
amended). 
EU Capital Requirements Directive No. 2013/36/EU (as amended). 
EU regulation No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms (amending Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012). 
Either Nasdaq CSD Iceland, with its registered office at Laugavegur 
182, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland, or Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands CSD, with 
its registered office at Fiskislóð 31 A, 101 Reykjavík, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.   
 
CSD System Account Manager 
 
 
Íslandsbanki hf. in its capacity as CSD system account manager 
and/or any other agent appointed by the Issuer from time to time 
in relation to the CSD System Covered Bonds. 
 
CSD System Covered Bonds 
Shall mean Covered Bonds issued in a dematerialised, uncertified 
book entry form cleared through the CSD. 
Dealer 
Any dealer appointed by the Issuer (if any) 
Defaulted Loan 
Any mortgage in a Cover Pool which is three months or more in 
arrears 
Designated Maturity 
The meaning given in the ISDA Definitions 
Determination Date 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms 
Determination Period 
The meaning given in condition 6.7(d)

--- Page 56 ---
49 
 
 
Directors 
 
The directors for the time being of the Issuer as defined in the 
Icelandic Act No. 2/1995, on Limited Liability Companies 
(Icelandic: lög um hlutafélög nr. 2/1995)  
Distribution Compliance Period 
 
The period that ends 40 days after completion of the distribution 
of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, as certified by the relevant 
Dealer 
Early Redemption Amount 
The amount calculated in accordance with Condition 8.6 
EEA  
European Economic Area 
EEA Agreement 
The Agreement on the European Economic Area (EEA) which 
entered into force in 1 January 1994 and was incorporated into 
Icelandic legislation with Act No. 2/1993 on European Economic 
Area (Ice. Lög um Evrópska efnahagssvæðið) 
EEA States 
Iceland, together with Liechtenstein and Norway (the EEA States) 
Equal Payment Amount 
The meaning given in Condition 7.1(b) 
Established Rate 
Means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency 
(including compliance with rules relating to roundings in 
accordance with applicable European Community regulations) 
into other Specified Currency 
EU 
The European Union 
EURIBOR 
Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1, Boulevard du Roi Albert II  
B - 1210 Brussels, or its successor 
Extended Maturity Date 
Means the date falling no later than thirty-six months from the 
Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds 
Final Redemption Amount 
The meaning given in the applicable Final Terms 
Final Terms 
Each Tranche will be the subject to the Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, completes the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds and this Base Prospectus and 
must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered 
Bonds are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds as 
completed, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. 
Fiscal Agent 
Íslandsbanki hf., or any successor agent appointed as such 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds that pay a fixed rate of interest on such date or 
dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and on redemption calculated on the basis of such Day

--- Page 57 ---
50 
 
 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer 
Floating Rate 
The meaning given in the ISDA Definitions 
Floating Rate Convention 
The meaning given in Condition 6.7(b)(i) 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
 
Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions; or 
 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(iii) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, or 
 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms 
Following Business Day Convention 
The meaning given in Condition 6.7(b)(ii) 
FSA 
The Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland 
 
 
Global Covered Bonds 
Global Covered Bonds comprising Temporary Global Covered 
Bonds and Permanent Global Covered Bonds 
Government Bond 
Bonds issued by the Icelandic State or other Cover Pool Member 
States, municipality in Iceland or in another Cover Pool Member 
State, or guaranteed by such Cover Pool Member State, in 
accordance with Article 5 of the Act on Covered Bonds 
Group 
The Issuer and its Subsidiaries 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
Inflation Linked Annuity Covered 
Bonds  
Covered Bonds that pay an Annuity Amount on such date or dates 
as decided by the Issuer and set out in the Final Terms 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Covered Bonds  
Covered Bonds that pay an Equal Payment Amount on such date 
or dates as decided by the Issuer and set out in the Final Terms 
Instalment Amounts 
In respect of Instalment Covered Bonds, each amount specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms 
Instalment Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds which will be redeemed in Instalment Amounts 
and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms 
Instalment Dates 
In respect of Instalment Covered Bonds, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 58 ---
51 
 
 
Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant 
Interest Period, as calculated in accordance with Condition 6.4(d) 
or the amount of interest payable on Inflation Linked Annuity 
Covered Bonds or Inflation Linked Equal Payment Covered Bonds 
in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant 
Interest Period, as calculated in accordance with Conditions 6.1 
and 6.2 respectively 
Interest Commencement Date 
In the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms from (and including) which the 
relevant Covered Bonds will accrue interest 
Interest Determination Date 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds to which Screen Rate 
Determination is applicable, the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms 
Interest Payment Date 
In respect of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Inflation Linked Annuity 
Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal Payment Covered 
Bonds, the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms and in 
respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds the meaning given in 
Condition 6.4(a) 
Interest Period 
In accordance with condition 6.7(e) the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date 
Investor's Currency 
The currency or currency unit that an investor's financial activities 
are denominated in, other than the Specified Currency 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ISDA 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA Definitions 
The meaning given in Condition 6.4(b) 
ISDA Determination 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms Document, 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds is to be determined in accordance with Condition 6.4(b) 
ISDA Rate 
The meaning given in Condition 6.4(b) 
ISK or Icelandic Krona or krónur 
The lawful currency of the Republic of Iceland 
Issue Date 
Each date on which the Issuer issues a Tranche of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme, as specified in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 59 ---
52 
 
 
Issue Price 
The price, generally expressed as a percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Covered Bonds, at which a Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will be issued 
Issuer 
Íslandsbanki 
hf., 
ID.No. 
491008-0160 
and 
LEI 
code 
549300PZMFIQR79Q0T97, having its registered office at 
Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland. 
Issuer Call 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provision by which the Issuer may redeem a Series of Covered 
Bonds in accordance with Condition 8.3 
Issuer Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool has the meaning given to it in the chapter Issuer 
Cover Pool in this Base Prospectus. 
LIBOR 
London inter-bank offered rate 
Margin 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any). 
Maturity Date 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
In respect of a Floating Rate Covered Bond, the percentage rate 
per annum (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
The amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
Member State 
A state which is a member of the European Economic Area 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the percentage rate 
per annum (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
The amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
The meaning given in Condition 6.7(b)(iii) 
MiFID 
 
MiFID II 
 
MiFID II Implementation Date 
Market in Financial Instruments Directive 2004/39/EC (Icelandic: 
Tilskipun Evrópuþingsins og Ráðsins 2004/39/EB) 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EC, published 
in the Icelandic EEA Government Gazette (ice. Stjórnartíðindi). 
 
1 September 2021. 
Mortgage 
Each mortgage loan referenced by its mortgage loan identifier 
number and comprising the aggregate of all principal sums, 
interest, costs, charges, expenses and other moneys due or owing 
with respect to that mortgage loan under the relevant mortgage 
terms by a borrower to the Issuer on the security of a Mortgage 
from time to time outstanding or, as the context may require, the 
borrower's obligations in respect of the same, and eligible to be 
added to the Cover Pool.

--- Page 60 ---
53 
 
 
NASDAQ Iceland 
The regulated market of the NASDAQ Iceland with its registered 
office at Laugavegur 182, 105 Reykjavík. 
Optional Redemption Amount 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms 
Optional Redemption Date 
The meaning (if any) given in the applicable Final Terms 
Overcollateralisation 
 
The certain percentage level by which the Value of the Cover Pool 
will exceed the nominal value of the liabilities, relating to the 
issued Covered Bonds, along with all accrued interests.  
Partial Redemption 
Paying Agents 
The meaning given in Condition 8.11(f) 
The Principal Paying Agent and any other paying agent appointed 
(if any) 
Payment Day 
The meaning given in Condition 7.4 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
The meaning given in Condition 6.7(b)(iv) 
Principal Amount Outstanding 
In accordance with condition 6.7(f) means in respect of a Covered 
Bond, except an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond and an 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond on any 
day, the principal amount of that Covered Bond on the relevant 
Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant 
Covered Bondholder in respect thereof on or prior to that day and 
in respect of an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond and an 
Inflation Linked Equal Payment Covered Bond, the meaning given 
in the applicable Final Terms 
Principal Paying Agent 
The Issuer, Íslandsbanki hf. 
Programme 
ISK 270,000,000,000 covered bond programme established by the 
Issuer on the Issue Date. Any increases of the Programme shall be 
subject to the FSA confirmation. 
Property 
A residential property in Iceland which is subject to a Mortgage 
Prospectus Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (Ice. Reglugerð Evrópuþingsins og 
Ráðsins (ESB) 2017/1129) as amended, if applicable. 
Rate of Interest 
In respect of a Series of interest-bearing Covered Bonds, the rate 
of interest payable from time to time in respect of such Covered 
Bonds determined in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms 
Redeemed Covered Bonds 
The meaning given in Condition 8.3 
Reference Price 
In respect of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, the meaning given in 
the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 61 ---
54 
 
 
Reference Rate 
 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds to which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms 
Registrar 
Any registrar to be appointed in accordance with an Agency 
Agreement 
Register 
A special register in respect of covered bonds and the cover pool, 
together with any derivative agreements an issuer must maintain 
in accordance with Chapter VI of the Act on Covered Bonds and 
Chapter VI of the Regulation. 
Registered Covered Bond 
Means Covered Bonds issued in registered form. 
Rules  
The rules of 3 June 2008 No. 528/2008 on covered bonds issued 
by the FSA under the authority conferred on it by Article 25 of the 
Act on Covered Bonds, which came into effect 3 June 2008, as 
amended. 
Regulation S 
Regulation S under the US Securities Act 
REIBOR 
Reykjavík Inter Bank Offering Rate 
Relevant Screen Page 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds to which Screen Rate 
Determination applies, the meaning given in the Final Terms 
Reset Date 
The Meaning given in the ISDA Definitions 
Residential Mortgages 
Bonds which have been issued against mortgages in residential 
housing in Cover Pool Member States, in accordance with Article 5 
of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
Resolution Committee 
Committee appointed under Act No. 125/2008 to maximise the 
recovery value of Glitnir’s assets for the benefit of Glitnir’s 
creditors 
Screen Rate Determination 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds is to 
be determined in accordance with Condition 6.4(b) 
Security Interest 
The meaning given in Condition 4.1 
Selection Date 
The meaning given in Condition 7.3 
Senior Debt 
Means loans that may be taken out to purchase assets which are 
in turn added to the Cover Pool in the event that the Issuer is 
required to post additional collateral 
Series 
A Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all 
respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except

--- Page 62 ---
55 
 
 
for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates 
and/or Issue Prices 
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, ISK, euro, 
Sterling, U.S. Dollars and such other currency or currencies as may 
be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and 
the Principal Paying Agent and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Specified Denomination 
In respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the denomination or de-
nominations of such Covered Bonds at the minimum amount of 
EUR 50,000 as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Specified Interest Payment Date 
In respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the meaning (if any) 
given in the applicable Final Terms 
Subsidiary 
Means an entity from time to time of which the Issuer (a) has 
direct or indirect control or (b) owns directly or indirectly more 
than 50 per cent of the share capital or similar ownership; 
"control" for this purpose means the power to direct the 
management and the policies of the entity, whether through the 
ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise. 
Sub-Unit 
The meaning given in Condition 6.7(g) 
Talons 
Talons for further Coupons in respect of interest-bearing 
definitive Covered Bonds 
TARGET System 
The meaning given in Condition 6.7(a) 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered 
Bond 
The temporary global covered bond in bearer form which will 
initially represent the Bearer Covered Bond of each Tranche 
Terms and Conditions or Conditions 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds  
US Securities Act 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
Tranche 
An issue of Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) 
Value 
The nominal par value of the Cover Pool along with all accrued 
interest (but excluding the nominal par value of each mortgage 
within the Cover Pool which is in arrears for 90 days or longer at 
the relevant time). 
VS System Covered Bonds 
Means Covered Bonds issued in uncertificated book entry form 
cleared through the CSD, Euroclear, Clearstream and/or, in 
relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (as the 
case may be)

--- Page 63 ---
56 
 
 
VP LUX 
Means VP Lux S.à. r.l., 32, Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, 
or its successors. 
Yen or JPY 
The lawful currency for the time being of Japan 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds which will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and which will not bear interest 
€, Euro or euro 
The currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic monetary union pursuant to the Treaty 
£ or Sterling 
The lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
$, U.S.$ or U.S. Dollars or US Dollars 
The lawful currency for the time being of the United States of 
America 
 
 
 
 
2. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
Form of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds are issued in bearer form (the Bearer Covered Bonds), or, in the 
case of VS System Covered Bonds, uncertificated book entry form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Covered Bonds, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). The Covered Bonds are in Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Covered 
Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified 
Denomination. 
The Covered Bonds may be an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond, an Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Covered Bond, a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond, a Zero Coupon Covered Bond or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis and Redemption/Payment Basis shown 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Covered Bonds have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons 
or coupons shall, unless context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. 
Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds repayable in instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue.  
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued in the form of Bearer Covered Bonds will initially be represented by a 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond without Coupons, Receipts or Talons which will (i) if the global Covered 
Bonds are intended to be issued in a new global covered bond form (“NGCB”), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (ii) if the global Covered Bonds are not intended to be issued in NGCB Form, 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary for, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond will be exchanged either for 
interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond or, where specified in the applicable Final Terms (subject 
to such notice period as is specified in the Final Terms), for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds on or after the date 
(the “Exchange Date”) which is the later of (i) 60 days after the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond is issued 
and (ii) 60 days after completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche, as certified by the relevant Dealer 
(in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a syndicated issue). Such 
exchange will be made only upon delivery of written certification to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg,

--- Page 64 ---
57 
 
 
as the case may be, to the effect that the beneficial owner of such Covered Bonds is not a U.S. person or other 
person who has purchased such Covered Bonds for resale to, or on behalf of, U.S. persons and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and has given a like certification (based on the certification it has 
received) to the Fiscal Agent. 
 
If an interest or principal payment date for any Covered Bonds occurs whilst such Covered Bonds are represented 
by a Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond, the related interest or principal payment will be made only to the 
extent that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership has been received as described in the last sentence of 
the immediately preceding paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary 
Bearer Global Covered Bond will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond is 
improperly withheld or refused. Payment of principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Bearer Global Covered 
Bond will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of the Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond if the Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond is not 
intended to be issued in NGCB form) without any further requirement for certification. Pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement the Fiscal Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued, the Covered 
Bonds of such Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstrem, Luxembourg 
which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Covered Bonds of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until at least expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to the Covered Bonds of such Tranche. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that either (i) a Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds with, where 
applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached upon not less than 60 days´ written notice from Euroclear and 
(or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond) to the Fiscal Agent as described therein or (ii) a Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond 
will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds with, where 
applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
therein. “Exchange Event” means (i) the Issuer has been notified that either Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or has announced an intention permanently to cease business or has in fact done so and 
no alternative clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents and the 
Covered Bondholders is available or, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) which 
would not be required were the Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond in 
definitive bearer form and a certificate to such effect signed by two Directors of the Issuer has been given to the 
Fiscal Agent. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond) or the Covered Bondholders may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange and 
in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to 
the Fiscal Agent and the Covered Bondholders requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
30 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all bearer Covered Bonds, Coupons, Receipts and Talons which have an 
original maturity of more than 365 days: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287 (a) 
OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.“ 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on bearer Covered Bonds, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of bearer Covered Bonds, 
Receipts or Coupons.

--- Page 65 ---
58 
 
 
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series of Registered Covered Bonds, the Registered 
Covered Bonds of each Tranche of such Series offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to 
non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a Regulation S Global Covered Bond 
which will be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, a Depository Trust 
Company (the “DTC”) or common safekeeper as the case may be for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg. Prior to expiry of the Distribution compliance Period applicable to each Tranche of Covered Bond, 
beneficial interests in a Reg. S. Global Covered Bond may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title) and may not be held 
otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg and such Reg. S Global Covered Bond will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche of such Series may only be offered and sold in the United States or to 
U.S. persons in private transactions to Qualified Institutional Buyers (“QIB”). The Registered Covered Bonds of 
each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Restricted Global Covered Bond which will be deposited with 
a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be entitled or required, as the case 
may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Covered Bonds in 
fully registered form. 
Payments of principal on the Registered Covered Bonds will be made on the relevant payment date to the 
persons shown on the Register at the close of business on the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in Brussels) immediately prior to the relevant payment date. Payments of interest 
on the Registered Covered Bonds will be made on the relevant payment date to the person in whose name such 
Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons)) immediately preceding such payment date. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest (if any) on, the Registered Global Covered Bonds will be made to the 
nominee of DTC as the registered holder of the Registered Global Covered Bonds. None of the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent and the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Covered Bonds or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
For so long as any of the covered Bonds are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstrem, Luxembourg, or so long as DTC or its nominee is the registered holder of a 
Registered Global Covered Bond or so long as the Covered Bond is a VS Systems Covered Bond, each person who 
is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, or the CSD, as the 
case may be, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or its nominee, or the CSD as to the 
nominal amount of such Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other 
Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all purposes other than (in the 
case only of Covered Bonds not being VS System Covered Bonds) with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on the Covered Bonds, for which purpose, in the case of Covered Bonds represented by a Bearer Global 
Covered Bond, the bearer of the relevant Global Bearer Covered Bond, or in the case of Covered Bonds where 
DTC or its nominee is the registered holder of a Registered Global Covered Bond, DTC or its nominee shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other Paying Agent as the holder of such Covered Bonds in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Covered Bond (and the expressions “Covered 
Bondholder” and “holder of Covered Bonds” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond will only be transferable in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 66 ---
59 
 
 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be able to exchange or transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
in each case to the extent applicable. 
Each Tranche of VS System Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. 
Legal title to the VS Systems Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in the records of CSD or VP LUX. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VS System Covered Bonds in the CSD or VP LUX will 
take place in accordance with market practice at the time of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in 
the relevant VS System Covered Bonds will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of the CSD or VP LUX. 
Covered Bonds that are represented by a global Covered Bond and VS System Covered Bonds will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, VP LUX and/or 
CSD, (as the case may be). References to Euroclear, Clearstream, VP LUX and/or the CSD, (as the case may be) 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system approved by the Issuer. 
Title to the Bearer Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer may deem and treat 
the bearer of any Bearer Bond, Receipt of Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for 
all purposes. Title to the VS System Covered Bond will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or 
indirect accountholders at the CSD or VP LUX in accordance with the rules and procedures of the CSD or VP LUX. 
 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS  
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured obligations of the Issuer issued 
in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds and appurtenant regulations and rank pari passu among 
themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same priority as debt 
instruments issued pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law) (other than subordinated obligations, if any), from time to time outstanding. Senior Debt (if any) ranks 
thereafter. To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds, related derivative contracts and Senior 
Debt (if any) are not met out of the assets of the Cover Pool or the proceeds arising from it, the residual claims 
and will rank pari passu with the claims of all other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (other than those 
preferred by law) in all other respects. The cost of bankruptcy administration, to such extent as the cost is 
incurred due to efforts of the bankruptcy administrator concerning the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool, will 
rank ahead of claims for payments of the Covered Bonds, of related derivative contracts and of the relevant 
Senior Debt (if any). Other cost of bankruptcy administration shall not be paid from the assets of the Cover Pool. 
 
4. 
ISSUER COVENANTS 
4.1 Negative Pledge.  
In accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, cf. Article 12(4), the Issuer undertakes, so long as any of the 
Covered Bonds, Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding, that it will not, and that it will procure that none of its 
Relevant Subsidiaries will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security 
interest (each a Security Interest) over the mortgages or other assets in the Cover Pool, other than any lien 
arising by operation of law (if any).  
 
4.2  Maintenance of the Issuer Cover Pool. 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the value of the Cover Pool will not at any time be less than 
the total aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme plus an 
Overcollateralisation of 10 per cent. According to the Issuer´s license to issue the Covered Bonds the

--- Page 67 ---
60 
 
 
Overcollateralisation may however not exceed 30 per cent. unless increased demand has developed due to other 
provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation which applies to the 
Programme if to do so would result in any credit rating then applying to the Covered Bonds by any rating agency 
appointed by the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit 
watch. 
 
4.3  Composition of the Cover Pool. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding the Issuer shall ensure that the Cover Pool maintained 
or to be maintained by the Issuer shall at all times comply with the requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding the Issuer covenants that no Mortgages in commercial 
real estate will be contained in the Cover Pool. 
 
4.4  Interest Cover 
The amounts of interest received by the Issuer in respect of the Cover Pool and under the related derivative 
contracts entered into by the Issuer shall be at least equal to or exceed the amounts payable by the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds and the related derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer. 
 
5. 
REDENOMINATION 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Covered Bondholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, but after at least 30 days' prior 
notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 11, elect that, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Covered Bonds shall be redenominated in euro or other 
Specified Currency. 
 
 
 
The election will have effect as follows: 
5.1 the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro or other Specified Currency in 
the denomination of euro 0.01 or as applicable to other Specified Currency with a principal amount 
for each Covered Bond equal to the principal amount of that Covered Bond in the Specified 
Currency, converted into euro or other Specified Currency at the Established Rate, provided that, if 
the Issuer determines, that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro or 
other Specified Currency of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions 
specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market 
practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Covered Bondholders, the stock exchange (if any) 
on which the Covered Bonds may be listed of such deemed amendments; 
5.2 save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph 5.4 below, 
the amount of interest due in respect of the Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to the 
aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds presented for payment by the relevant holder and 
the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01 or as applicable in 
the relevant Specified Currency; 
5.3 if definitive Covered Bonds are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations as the Issuer shall determine and notify to 
the Covered Bondholders; 
5.4 if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency (whether or not attached to the Covered Bonds) will become void with effect from the 
date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement euro-denominated

--- Page 68 ---
61 
 
 
Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such securities are 
so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment obligations contained 
in any Covered Bonds and Receipts so issued will also become void on that date although those 
Covered Bonds and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. 
New redenominated Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons will be issued in exchange for Covered 
Bonds, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the 
Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders in the 
Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment 
of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds; 
5.5 after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Covered Bonds, other than payments 
of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely 
in the redenomination currency; 
5.6 if the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds or 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds, and interest for any period ending on or 
after the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention; and 
5.7 if the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms will specify any 
relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest.  
 
 
6 
INTEREST 
6.1 Interest on Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
 
Each Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond bears interest on its nominal amount outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest 
shall be calculated as defined under Interest Payment(s) in the applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest amount in the Specified Currency. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest shall be calculated 
by using the same methodology as described for Interest Payment(s) in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
6.2 Interest on Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds 
 
Each Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest 
shall be calculated as defined under Interest Payment(s) in the applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest.amount in the Specified Currency. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest shall be calculated 
by using the same methodology as described for Interest Payment(s) in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 69 ---
62 
 
 
6.3 Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  
Interest shall be calculated as defined under Interest Payment(s) in the applicable Final Terms and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest amount in the Specified Currency. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
The Issuer will calculate the amount of interest (each an Interest Amount) payable on the Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
 
6.4 Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
 
a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each such date, 
together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of 
months, or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms, after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these Terms and 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) 
 
b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Principal Paying Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2000 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and

--- Page 70 ---
63 
 
 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds (the ISDA Definitions), and under which: 
 
(i) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that 
Interest Period. 
 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(i) the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); or 
(ii) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Iceland time, in the case of REIBOR, London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuer. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Issuer for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being other than LIBOR or EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be 
determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms for a Floating Rate Covered Bond specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
 
d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Issuer will at, or as soon as practicable after, each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 71 ---
64 
 
 
 
The Issuer will calculate the amount of interest (each an Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds, Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond or Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds, in 
respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
 
e) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6.4, shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer and all Covered Bondholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
 
6.5 Accrual of interest 
Each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that part only of such 
Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions. In the event of non-payment of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, interest will accrue as provided in 
Condition 8.10. 
 
a) The Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of 
the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed or 
the Extended Maturity Date, subject to Condition 6. In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered 
Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 6.6 (b) on the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date;:  
 
b) The rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 6.5(a) will be as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Calculation Agent so specified, three Business Days 
after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
 
c) In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, for the purposes of this Condition 6.5 
the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
 
6.6 Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date.  
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds 
and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 
8.11: 
a) the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of 
the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed or 
the Extended Maturity Date. In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 6.6 (b) on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately

--- Page 72 ---
65 
 
 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. The 
final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date; 
 
b) the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 6.6 (a) will be as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Issuer so specified, three Business Days after the 
Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and  
 
 
c) in the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, for the purposes of this Condition 6.6 
the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
 
6.7 Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction and other adjustments 
 
 
a) In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means: 
 
(i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London, Reykjavík and any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(ii) either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency as specified in Applicable Final 
Terms (if other than London, Reykjavík and any Additional Business Centre and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System (the TARGET 
System) is open. 
 
b) If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(i) in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 6.4 (a), 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (1) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of 
(2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis, or (2) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (I) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, and (II) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into

--- Page 73 ---
66 
 
 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
c) Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
if Actual/Actual (ISMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(v) in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined in Condition 
5.6. (d)) during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
that would occur in one calendar year assuming that interest was to be payable in 
respect of the whole of that year; or 
(vi) in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of (I) the number 
of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the Accrual 
Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and (II) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; 
if Actual/365 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366, and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless, in the case of Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds only, (i) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st day of a 
month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day 
of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Interest Period is the last 
day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month));

--- Page 74 ---
67 
 
 
 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the 
first day or last day of the Interest Period unless, in the case of the final Interest Period, 
the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); or 
such other Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
d) Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
e) Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
f) 
Principal Amount Outstanding means, in respect of a Covered Bond except an Inflation Linked Annuity 
Covered Bond and an Inflation Linked Equal Payment Covered Bond, on any day the principal amount 
of that Covered Bond on the Issue Date less principal amounts (if any) received by the holder of such 
Covered Bond in respect thereof on or prior to that day. In respect of an Inflation Linked Annuity 
Covered Bond and an Inflation Linked Equal Payment Covered Bond, the meaning given in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
g) Sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, euro 0.01. 
 
 
7 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Covered Bonds 
a) Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds 
In case of an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond, the Issuer shall, on each relevant Interest Payment 
Date, make a combined payment of principal, and interest due (together, the Annuity Amount) as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
b) Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bonds 
In case of an Inflation Linked Equal Payment Covered Bond, the Issuer shall, on each relevant Interest 
Payment Date, make a combined payment of principal, and interest due (together, the Equal Payment 
Amount) as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
7.2 Method of payment 
Subject as provided below payments in a Specified Currency will be made: 
a) by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency, or 
b) by credit or transfer to an account in any other Sp ecified Currency maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency which shall be converted

--- Page 75 ---
68 
 
 
into such Specified Currency at the date of payment using the spot rate of exchange for the purchase of 
such currency against payment of ISK being quoted by the Fiscal Agent. 
 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9. 
 
7.3 Presentation of Covered Bonds and Coupons 
a) Covered Bonds: Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.2 (Method of Payment) above only 
against presentation and surrender (or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) 
of definitive Bearer Covered Bonds, and payment of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Covered 
Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender 
(or in the case of part payment of any sum due only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
b) Coupons for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than, 
Inflation-Linked Covered Bonds) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 9 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 10 (Prescription)). 
 
Up on any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued 
in respect thereof. 
(i) Coupons for Floating Rate, Inflation-Linked Covered Bonds: Upon the date on which any 
Floating Rate Covered Bond or Inflation-Linked Covered Bond in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
(ii) Payments other than in respect of Matured Coupons: If the due date for redemption of any 
definitive Bearer Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in 
respect of such definitive Bearer Covered Bond from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date of Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Covered Bond. 
(iii) VS System Covered Bonds: Payments of principal and interest in respect of VS System Covered 
Bonds will be made to the Covered Bondholders shown in the relevant records of the CSD, VP 
LUX or Clearstream/Euroclear (as the case may be) in accordance with and subject to the rules 
and regulations from time to time governing the CSD, VP LUX or Euroclear/Clearstream (as the 
case may be).

--- Page 76 ---
69 
 
 
7.4 Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due until the next following Payment 
Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of any such delay. For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 10) is: 
a) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
 
 
the relevant place of presentation; 
Reykjavík; and 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than the place of presentation, Reykjavík and any Additional 
Financial Centre) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET System is open. 
(ii) Interpretation of principal 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
in relation to Covered Bonds (other than Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds or Inflation Linked Equal 
Principal Payment Covered Bonds) redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
in relation to Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 8.6); and 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in respect of 
the Covered Bonds. 
 
8 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 Redemption of Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bonds and Inflation Linked Equal Payment Covered Bonds 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond and each 
Inflation Linked Equal Payment Covered Bond will, subject to Condition 7.1(a) or (b) (as applicable), be redeemed 
in one or more amounts, calculated in accordance with the formula specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the relevant Interest Payment Dates. 
 
8.2 Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Issuer at 
its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Final Maturity Date.

--- Page 77 ---
70 
 
 
8.3 Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If an Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 11 (which notices shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount 
not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the 
Covered Bonds to be redeemed (Redeemed Covered Bonds) will be selected individually without involving any 
part only of a Bearer Covered Bond, in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered 
Bonds, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and in 
accordance with the rules of the CSD or any other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) in the case of VS 
System Covered Bonds in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the Case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by 
definite Covered Bonds, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Covered Bonds will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal 
amount of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by definitive Covered Bonds shall bear the same portion to 
the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Covered Bonds as the aggregate nominal amount of definite 
Covered Bond outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding, in each 
case on the Selection Date. No exchange of the relevant Covered Bond will be permitted during the period from 
(and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.3 
and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
11 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
 
8.4 Redemption due to illegality or invalidity 
If the Covered Bonds become illegal and/or invalid, the Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice 
to all Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 8.6 together (if appropriate) with interest accrued (and, if this is an Inflation Linked 
Annuity Covered Bond or an Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond, adjusted for indexation in 
accordance with the provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms) to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
 
8.5 Certification 
The publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 8.6 shall include a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled or required to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
and the certificate shall be sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in 
which event it shall be conclusive and binding on all Covered Bondholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
 
8.6 Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.4, each Covered Bond will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows:

--- Page 78 ---
71 
 
 
a) in the case of a Covered Bond (other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond but including an Instalment 
Covered Bond), at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its Principal 
Amount Outstanding (and, in the case of an Inflation Linked Annuity Covered Bond or an Inflation Linked 
Equal Principal Payment Covered Bond, adjusted for indexation in accordance with the provisions set 
out in the applicable Final Terms); or 
b) in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of 
a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator of which is 360, or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
8.7 Instalments 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the case 
of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 8.6. 
 
8.8 Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Covered Bonds at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all Covered Bondholders alike. Subject 
to the provison below, such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to the Issuer for cancellation. 
 
8.9 Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Covered Bonds so cancelled 
and any Covered Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 8.8 and cancelled 
(together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Issuer and in 
the case of VS System Covered Bonds shall be deleted from the records of the CSD, VP LUX or any other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) and and cannot be reissued or resold. 
 
8.10 Late Payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond pursuant to Conditions 8.2, 8.3 or 8.4 above, the amount due and repayable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.6 (b) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Covered Bond 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
a) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been paid; and

--- Page 79 ---
72 
 
 
b) five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds has been received by the Issuer and notice to that effect has been given to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 11. 
 
8.11 Extension of Maturity Date 
a) Extended Maturity Date:  
An Extended Maturity Date shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to each Series of Covered 
Bonds unless to do so would result in the Issuer being unable to obtain if applicable the relevant credit rating 
from the relevant rating agencies appointed by the Issuer at the relevant time in respect of a Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
b) Automatic Extension:  
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds 
and the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within three Business 
Days thereafter, the maturity of the outstanding Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will 
be due and repayable for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended up to but 
no later than the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms. In that 
event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on any 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity 
Date or as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer shall give notice to the Covered 
Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)) of its intention to redeem all or any of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds at least five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Any failure by the Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption by 
the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date, or give rise to rights to any such person.  
c) Zero Coupon Bonds:  
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to which an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified under the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this Condition (8.11) the principal amount 
outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments 
made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. 
d) Extension Irrevocable:  
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition (8.11) shall be irrevocable. Where this 
Condition (8.11) applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the 
maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition (8.11) shall not constitute an event of default or acceleration of 
payment for any purpose or give any Covered Bondholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal 
or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions. 
e) Payments:  
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition (8.11) Interest Rates, Interest 
Periods and Interest Payment Dates on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
f) Partial Redemption after Maturity Date:  
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of Covered Bonds on any Interest 
Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across the 
Covered Bonds and the principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that 
redemption. If any partial redemption after the Maturity Date is not sufficient to redeem all outstanding Interest

--- Page 80 ---
73 
 
 
Payments, then the remainder of any Interest Payment shall be added to the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds. 
g) Restriction on Further Issues:  
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with this 
Condition 8.11 subject as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms, for so long as any of those Covered 
Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of 
such further Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue to redeem in whole or in part the relevant Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 
8.12 Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time or on any 
Interest Payment Date, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the CSD and, in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
a) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations in Iceland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or any 
authority or agency therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulation, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and 
b) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. 
 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(12) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
 
9 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons by the Issuer will be made 
without, or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Iceland or any political subdivision or any 
authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amount as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Covered Bonds and Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Covered Bonds or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Covered Bond or Coupon: 
 
a) 
in respect of any demand made for payment in Iceland; or 
b) 
in respect of any demand made for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bond or Coupon by reason 
of it having some connection with Iceland other than the mere holding of such Covered Bond or 
Coupon; or 
c) 
in respect of any demand made for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an 
additional amount on making such demand for payment on or before the expiry of such period of 
thirty days; or

--- Page 81 ---
74 
 
 
d) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to an individual and is required to 
be made pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any law implementing or complying 
with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive; or  
e) 
in respect of any demand made for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by making a demand in respect of the Covered Bond or Coupon to 
another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union. 
 
As used herein the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due. 
 
10 PRESCRIPTION  
The Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons will become void in accordance with Act on the Expiration of Debt 
and other Obligations No. 150/2007 unless presented for payment within 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
four years (in the case of interest or any other amount) after the Relevant Date (as defined below). 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon, any Coupon the claim for payment 
in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.3 or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 7.3. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having 
been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 
11. 
 
11 NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds will be valid if published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of the relevant act which apply to publicly listed securities, and/or any stock exchange and/or any 
other relevant authority on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication. The 
Issuer can additionally at its own discretion obtain information from the CSD on the Covered Bondholders in 
order to send notices to each Covered Bondholder directly. 
 
Notices to be given by any Covered Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with 
the relevant Covered Bond or Covered Bonds.  
 
12 FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further covered bonds having terms and conditions the 
same as the Covered Bonds or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Covered Bonds. 
 
13 GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The Covered Bonds (except for the CSD System Covered Bonds), the Receipts, the Coupons are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law except for Condition 3 (Status of Covered Bonds), which will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with Icelandic Law.

--- Page 82 ---
75 
 
 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees that any dispute arising out of the Programme, the Covered Bonds, the Coupons, 
the Receipts (except for the CSD System Covered Bonds) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts 
of England. 
The CSD System Covered Bonds will be governed by, and construed in accordance with Icelandic law. 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees that any dispute arising out of the CSD System Covered Bonds shall be subject to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the District Court of Reykjavík (Héraðsdómur Reykjavíkur). 
Legal action taken under this Condition 13 may be proceeded with in accordance with the Act on Civil Procedure 
No. 91/1991 (Lög um meðferð einkamála), Chapter 17.

--- Page 83 ---
76 
 
 
6. SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Covered 
Bonds outside the United States. The Issuer reserves the right to reject any offer to purchase the Covered Bonds, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other per son within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is 
prohibited. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
The Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in 
the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(A) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Iceland 
The investment described in this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered for public distribution 
in Iceland with the FSA pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus may be distributed only to, and may be directed only at, persons who are (i) qualified 
investors under the private placement exemption of Article 1 Item 4 (a) as defined in Article 2 Item (e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation or (ii) other persons to whom this Base Prospectus may be communicated lawfully in

--- Page 84 ---
77 
 
 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (all such persons together being referred to as the Relevant Persons). 
This Base Prospectus must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment 
or investment activity to which this Base Prospectus relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be 
engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this 
Base Prospectus or any of its contents. This Base Prospectus must not be distributed, published, reproduced or 
disclosed (in whole or in part) by recipients to any other persons. 
The People’s Republic of China 
The Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the People’s Republic of China (excluding 
Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the PRC) or to residents of the PRC unless such offer or sale is made in compliance 
with all applicable laws and regulations of the PRC.   
Hong Kong 
The Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than (i) to persons 
whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); or (ii) to 
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any 
rules made under that Ordinance; or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
“prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of 
Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance. 
 
No person may issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Covered Bonds, which is directed at, or the contents of 
which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Covered Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed 
of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance of Hong Kong (Cap. 571) and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the 
Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold, or caused to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Covered Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds pursuant to an offer made 
under Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 85 ---
78 
 
 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Covered 
Bonds described herein. The Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, 
in, into, or from Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on any other exchange or 
regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Covered Bonds constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to article 
652(a) or article 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering 
or marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland. 
 
7. SUMMARY OF ICELANDIC LEGISLATION RELATING TO COVERED BONDS 
The Issuer is licensed under the Icelandic Act on Covered Bonds to issue covered bonds. The following is a brief 
summary of certain features of Icelandic law governing the issuance of covered bonds in Iceland, at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, which law may be supplemented, amended, modified or varied whether by legislative 
enactment or by way of judicial decisions and administrative pronouncements, including possibly, with 
retroactive effect. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the 
Icelandic legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to covered bonds. The original language of the Icelandic 
Act on Covered Bonds is Icelandic. The following summary is provided in English only for the sake of convenience. 
In the event of any doubt, the original Icelandic version of the relevant legislation, executive orders and or 
regulations should be consulted.  
THE LEGISLATION  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main legislation which governs the issuance of covered bonds is the 
Act on Covered Bonds and the Rules issued by the FSA under the authority conferred on it by Article 25 of the 
Act on Covered Bonds.  
 
Under the Act on Covered Bond the FSA grants licences for the issuance of covered bonds pursuant to the Act 
on Covered Bonds. Licences to issue covered bonds will only be granted to certain financial undertakings which 
meet the general definitions of a financial undertaking and have been granted an operating license as provided 
for in the terms of the Act on Financial Undertakings. Furthermore, issuers must comply with the Act on Covered 
Bonds, and the budget of issuers, as attested by a certified public accountant, demonstrates that its financial 
situation is sufficiently sound so that the issuance of covered bonds will not jeopardise the interests of other 
creditors.  
 
The Issuer, which is a financial undertaking as defined in the Act on Financial Undertakings, has received the 
required operating license, and has demonstrated that it fulfils the conditions set forth in the Act on Covered 
Bonds for granting a license to issue covered bonds.

--- Page 86 ---
79 
 
 
The Act on Covered Bond provides that holders of covered bonds (and also, if applicable, counterparties under 
derivatives contracts entered into for hedging purposes in relation to the covered bonds) have an exclusive and 
prioritised right of claim, on a pari passu basis between themselves over a pool of certain security assets (the 
Cover Pool). Under Icelandic law, an issuer of bonds, such as an issuer of covered bonds, is authorised to register 
the bonds in dematerialised book entry form by electronic registration in the CSD in accordance with Act No. 
131/1997 on electronic registration of title to securities. 
THE REGISTER 
The issuer of covered bonds must maintain a register (the Register) of the issued covered bonds, the related 
derivatives agreements, and the Cover Pool pertaining to such covered bonds and the relevant derivatives 
agreements concluded in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. The assets included in the Register are 
included on, and are a part of, the issuer’s balance sheet. Each item in the Register must be clearly identified and 
the Register must be updated on a regular basis to include any changes in the relevant information. The Act on 
Covered Bonds also stipulates the type of information that must be recorded in the Register with respect to each 
item. The Register must at all times contain detailed information on the nominal value of the covered bonds, the 
assets which constitute the Cover Pool and their valuation, substitute collateral (if any), cash inflow from the 
Cover Pool and the derivates agreements. Bonds in a cover pool must be endorsed showing they are part of a 
cover pool and have been entered in a register as provided for in Chapter VI of the Act on Covered Bonds. The 
endorsement shall also indicate that the debt instrument is to secure priority rights of a specific class of covered 
bonds.  
BENEFIT OF A PRIORITISED CLAIM 
Pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds, if an issuer is declared bankrupt, enters into debt negotiations pursuant 
to the Bankruptcy Act, is liquidated, or is placed under public administration, the holders of covered bonds issued 
by the relevant issuer shall have exclusive, equal and pro rata rights of priority to bonds and other assets in the 
cover pool and payments received on the above mentioned assets, provided they have been entered into the 
Register. The nature of claims and rights of priority of covered bonds to the assets shall be as provided for in Art. 
111 of the Bankruptcy Act which characterises secured claims. The prioritised claims will rank ahead of all other 
claims, save for claims relating to the fees and expenses of a bankruptcy estate and derivative agreements 
concluded in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. Derivative contracts shall enjoy priority as provided for 
in Point 3 of Article 110 of the Bankruptcy Act, cf. Article 111 of the Bankruptcy Act. 
By virtue of the priority established by the Act on Covered Bonds, claims of the holders of covered bonds against 
an issuer which has issued covered bonds will rank ahead of claims of all other creditors of the credit institution 
with respect to the Cover Pool (save for the priority described above granted to a bankruptcy estate in respect 
of fees and expenses and claims of the counterparties to the relevant derivative contracts). 
Cost of bankruptcy administration, to such extent as this is incurred due to efforts of the bankruptcy 
administrator concerning covered bonds, bonds and other assets in the cover pool, payments with respect to 
these assets or derivative contracts connected with the cover pool, shall be paid from the assets of the cover 
pool or funds which are substituted for them. Other cost of bankruptcy administration shall not be paid from the 
assets of the cover pool and fulfilment of derivative contracts connected with the pool if such exist. 
Pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds, loans and other assets included in the cover pool may not be pledged.  
COVER POOL – COMPOSITION OF ASSETS 
Pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds, a cover pool may only consist of certain assets, which include bonds 
secured by various types of mortgages, on other registered assets, bonds granted to or guaranteed by certain 
governmental bodies (Government Bonds), receivables in the form of certain derivatives agreements and 
substitute collateral. 
The real property and the registered assets which serve as security for the bonds included in the Cover Pool must 
be located in a member state of the European Economic Area, the European Free Trade Association Treaty, or 
the Farao Islands (each a Cover Pool Member State and together the Cover Pool Member States). The mortgages 
may include residential mortgages, mortgages over other title documents relating to residences (together with

--- Page 87 ---
80 
 
 
the former Residential Mortgages), and mortgages over other real property (Commercial Mortgages) and lastly 
mortgages over farms and other real estate used for agricultural purposes in Cover Pool Member States 
(Agricultural Mortgages).  
Government Bonds must be either guaranteed or issued by governmental bodies which belong to a Cover Pool 
Member State.  
Substitute collateral is intended to ensure that the interests of covered bond holders are not prejudiced despite 
changes which may occur to assets in the Cover Pool. Substitute collateral may only consist of; 1. Demand 
deposits with a financial undertaking; 2. Deposits with or claims against a Cover Pool Member State or central 
bank in a Cover Pool Member State; 3. Claims against other legal entities which in the FSA’s estimation, do not 
involve greater risk than those in previous points 1 and 2. Substitute collateral may not comprise more than 20% 
of the value of the cover pool. The FSA may however authorise an increase in the proportion of substitute 
collateral in the cover pool to as much as 30% of its value.  
LOAN-TO-VALUE (LTV) RATIO AND COVER POOL COMPOSITION 
Mortgages listed in the Register, must on the date of registration fulfil the following conditions: 
 The LTV ratio of Residential Mortgages must not exceed 80%. 
 The LTV ratio of Commercial Mortgages must not exceed 60%. 
 The LTV ratio of Agricultural Mortgages must not exceed 70%. Production quotas, allocated to registered 
farms, may not be included in the calculations of market value.  
Residential Mortgages and Commercial Mortgages may not be listed in a cover pool if payment is in arrears of 
90 days or more. Should an issuer intend to include more than one class of bonds in its cover pool, mention must 
be made thereof in the license application to the FSA. 
REGULAR ASSESSMENT OF THE MARKET VALUE FOR COVER POOL ASSETS 
The aggregate present value of mortgages, including accrued interest and indexation, and other assets in the 
cover pool which is to serve as collateral for a specific class of covered bonds, must always exceed the aggregate 
current value of this same covered bond class.  
An issuer must regularly monitor and have appraised the market value of the mortgages of the Cover Pool. If the 
market value of collateral of the Cover Pool decreases substantially, the amount of the mortgages included in 
the Cover Pool shall be increased to ensure that the LTV lies within the above limits specified by the Act on 
Covered Bonds.  
VALUATION OF COVER POOL, ADMINISTRATION ETC. 
Market value of the mortgages shall be based on the selling price in recent transactions with comparable 
properties. If the market value of real estate based on the foregoing considerations is not available, it shall be 
determined by a specific valuation. The valuation shall be based on generally accepted principles for market 
valuation of real estate. Data on real estate price developments from the Registers Iceland (Icelandic: Þjóðskrá 
Íslands), for instance, may be used as a basis, together with other systematic collection of real estate price data.  
If an issuer assesses the market value of real estate in accordance with the foregoing, the Independent Inspector 
provided for in Chapter VIII of the Act on Covered Bonds (see Independent Inspector below) must verify that the 
appraisal is based on accepted methodology. The Independent Inspector may re-assess the market price of one 
or more properties if it is believed to be valued incorrectly. An appraisal of the market value of real estate must 
be in writing and specify what methodology is used, who has carried out the appraisal and when it was made.  
Additional provisions regarding quantitative and qualitative requirements placed on the assets forming part of 
the Cover Pool are set out in the Act on Covered Bonds and the Rules. In order to qualify for inclusion in the 
Cover Pool all legislative requirements must be met. However, if the Cover Pool assets at a later stage cease to 
meet the requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds and/or the Rules in relation to ratios, or proportion limits 
etc., such assets may nevertheless form part of the Cover Pool, but will be excluded from the calculation of the 
value of the Cover Pool.

--- Page 88 ---
81 
 
 
According to the Act on Covered Bonds, bonds, substitute collateral and other assets placed by an issuer in a 
cover pool shall be valued having regard to exchange rates, interest rates, maturities and other factors of 
significance, in order to maintain a suitable balance between the cover pool and the corresponding class of 
covered bonds. An issuer may conclude derivative agreements for the purpose of achieving this balance.  
Moreover, the Act on Covered Bonds states an issuer must ensure that instalments and other payment flows 
accruing on assets in the cover pool, and from derivative agreements, match payments on the covered bonds so 
that all commitments towards the covered bond holders and counterparties to derivative agreements can be 
met. To this end the issuer shall keep instalments and other payments accruing on assets in the cover pool 
segregated from the issuer’s other assets, including other cover pools, as well as their accrued instalments and 
other payments. An issuer must preserve assets such as instalments and other payments accruing on assets in 
the cover pool in a separate account and keep them segregated from its other assets.  
Bonds and other cover pool assets shall not be subject to claims by the issuer’s creditors. 
SUPERVISION BY AN INDEPENDENT INSPECTOR  
The Act on Covered bonds demands that an issuer appoint an Independent Inspector to supervise the issuance 
of covered bonds licensed by the FSA. The Independent Inspector must fulfil the eligibility criteria prescribed in 
the Act on Covered Bonds and his/her appointment is subject to the approval of the FSA. If the FSA is of the 
opinion that the Independent Inspector does not fulfil these requirements it may revoke its approval. In seeking 
the FSA’s approval for an Independent Inspector’s appointment, an issuer must disclose any possible ties 
between the Independent Inspector and the issuer and the issuer’s principal leaders. 
The Independent Inspector must ensure that a Register is maintained, as described above, and verify that 
valuation of collateral for bonds in the Cover Pool is based on proper methodology. The Independent Inspector 
shall provide the FSA with information which he/she obtains in the course of work as frequently and in such 
format as the FSA decides, or above and beyond this if exceptional circumstances so warrant. 
COVER POOL ADMINISTRATION IN THE EVENT OF BANKRUPTCY OF THE ISSUER 
The Act on Covered Bonds prescribes that if an issuer’s estate is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, covered 
bonds it has issued shall not be accelerated unless a specific agreement to this effect has been concluded. The 
estate shall maintain rights and obligations subject to derivative agreements concluded in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds.  
If an issuer’s estate is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, covered bonds it has issued shall have rights of priority 
to bonds and other assets in the Cover Pool and payments received on the abovementioned assets, provided 
they have been entered into a Register. 
The administrator, who is appointed by the relevant district court, will manage the Cover Pool and the rights of 
the Covered Bondholders and counterparties to derivative contracts. The administrator of the bankrupt estate 
must keep bonds and other assets in a Cover Pool, as provided for in the Act on Covered Bonds, segregated from 
other assets in the issuer’s estate as further specified in the Register at any given time. The same shall apply to 
funds and other assets substituted for the bonds and other assets in the Register or paid towards such assets. 
Such separation shall be maintained until claims arising from covered bonds have been paid in full. The 
bankruptcy administrator shall also keep derivative agreements, and funds returned by such assets or which 
must be paid from the cover pool to counterparties in derivative agreements, separate from other assets of the 
estate. An administrator’s fees and any other expenses in connection with the administration are to be paid by 
the administration estate. 
If an issuer is granted a debt moratorium, the assisting administrator for the debt moratorium shall ensure that 
obligations arising from covered bonds and derivative agreements are fulfilled using the assets of the Cover Pool, 
substitute collateral and payments made on these assets. 
An administration estate cannot be closed until (a) the obligations of the estate and the assets of the Register 
have been transferred to a a third party credit institution holding a license to issue covered bonds, (b) all the 
covered bonds for which the assets in the Register serve as collateral have been repaid and the derivative 
contracts have matured or (c) the estate has filed for bankruptcy and the bankruptcy estate has been closed.

--- Page 89 ---
82 
 
 
If an issuer’s estate is subject to bankruptcy proceedings, covered bonds it has issued shall not be foreclosed 
unless a specific agreement to this effect has been concluded. The estate shall maintain rights and obligations 
subject to derivative agreements concluded in accordance with the provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds.  
MATCHING RULES 
An issuer of covered bonds must ensure that the total current value of a cover pool which is to serve as collateral 
for a specific class of covered bonds always exceeds the aggregate total current value of that class of covered 
bonds. Moreover, instalments and other cash flows accruing on the assets in the cover pool and from derivative 
agreements shall be in such a manner that at any given time the issuer can meet all its financial obligations to 
covered bondholders and counterparties to derivative agreements. 
In order to maintain a suitable balance between the cover pool and the corresponding class of covered bonds, 
the issuer (a) must ensure that the assets in the cover pool (including substitute collateral) are valued having 
proper regard to currency exchange rates, interest rates, maturity dates, and other relevant factors; and (b) may 
enter into derivative agreements for the purpose of achieving this balance. 
RESCISSION OF ACTIONS 
Actions taken by an issuer, whether they involve delivery of funds to a cover pool, delivery of substitute collateral 
to the Cover Pool, payments on assets in the Cover Pool or disposal of funds from the Cover Pool to fulfil 
obligations under a bond covered by it or a derivative agreement concluded in accordance with the Act on 
Covered Bonds and in connection with the Cover Pool, shall not be subject to rescission, cf. Chapter XX of the Act 
on Bankruptcy etc. The same shall apply to payments to an issuer under a derivative agreement concluded in 
accordance with the provisions of this Act.  
NO RIGHTS IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES 
No covered bondholders, counterparties to derivative contracts can claim early repayment of payment 
obligations on the basis of a bankruptcy order against an issuing bank or an issuing bank’s failure to satisfy the 
requirement for additional collateral. Moreover, the relevant borrower(s) of the underlying loan(s) will retain 
the right to repay their loans in full or in part without variation. Furthermore, it is not possible for individual 
covered bondholders, counterparties to the derivative contracts to initiate claims against the issuing bank during 
the issuing bank’s bankruptcy. The Act on Covered Bonds makes it clear that the administrator is acting on behalf 
of all covered bondholders, counterparties to the derivative contracts and lenders of Senior Debt, if any, and that 
only the administrator may prove claims against the bankruptcy estate for any assets required to cover the claims 
of the covered bondholders and counterparties to derivative contracts. 
SUPERVISION OF THE FSA 
According to the Act on Covered Bonds the FSA shall monitor compliance with the Act on Covered Bonds, 
including compliance by the Issuer with the provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds and other rules applicable to 
their operations.  
The FSA may revoke the Issuer´s license to issue the Covered Bonds if (i) the Issuer no longer fulfils the 
requirements to issue covered bonds, (ii) the Issuer’s budget, as attested to by a certified public accountant, 
demonstrates that its financial situation is no longer sufficiently sound so that the issuance of covered bonds will 
jeopardise the interests of other creditors, or (iii) the Issuer violates provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds or 
rules adopted by virtue of it. 
If a license to issue covered bonds is revoked, the FSA shall decide how to terminate the activities of the Issuer. 
The FSA may, for instance, appoint a new custodian for the Issuer’s Cover Pool and take such measures as it 
considers necessary to ensure the rights of the Covered Bondholders. 
 
THE ISSUERS LICENSE TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS 
 
On 10 January 2011, the Issuer applied to the FSA for a licence to issue the Covered Bonds under the Icelandic 
Act on Covered Bonds. Pursuant to the terms of such a licence, the Issuer would be able, from time to time, to

--- Page 90 ---
83 
 
 
issue Covered Bonds that entitle the holder to the benefit of a statutory preferred creditor status in respect of 
the assets contained in the Issuer Cover Pool in the event of the insolvency of the Issuer.  
The licence which was granted on 30 September 2011 has since been reviewed and is as of 30 April 2021 subject 
to the requirements specified here below: 
 The Programme shall currently not exceed a limit of ISK 270,000,000,000. Any increases of the Programme 
shall be subject to the FSA confirmation.  
 The Programme and the Cover Pool shall be composed of bonds issued in ISK. The Cover Pool shall only 
consist of bonds in accordance with item 1 of Paragraph 1 of Article 5 of the Act on Covered Bonds and 
replacement collateral in accordance with Article 6 of the Act. 
 The aggregated total amount of the Cover Pool shall not exceed a level of 30% above the issued Covered 
Bonds at any time unless increased demand has developed due to other provisions of the Act on Covered 
Bonds, such as due to stress test present value calculations. If the Cover Pool exceeds the aforementioned 
limit the Issuer shall notify the FSA and the Independent Inspector immediately. The Issuer will have 14 days 
to remedy the level.  
 The Independent Inspector shall on a bi-annual basis file his reports to the FSA regarding his supervision 
duties. The report shall contain information stipulated in Paragraph 3 of Article 16 of the Rules.  
 The Independent Inspector shall at any Issue Date verify that the provisions of Chapters II and III of the Act 
on Covered, regarding the Cover Pool and Mortgages, are satisfied. 
 The Issuer shall at least weekly execute stress tests and calculate the present value of the Cover Pool. 
 The Issuer shall at least quarterly inform the owners of the Covered Bonds about key figures regarding the 
Programme, e.g. outcome of any stress tests and the calculation of the present value of the Cover Pool. 
Furthermore, the Issuer shall allow the Independent Inspector to submit its remarks, if any, regarding the 
Issuer´s obligations above. 
The aforementioned conditions, which are all subject to review, were set by the FSA to ensure proper diligence 
and to safeguard the position of the unsecured creditors of the Issuer.

--- Page 91 ---
84 
 
 
8. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
NAME, INCORPORATION AND REGISTRATION 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Íslandsbanki hf. The Issuer is a public limited company incorporated 
in Iceland on 14 October 2008. It is registered with the Register of Enterprises (Fyrirtækjaskrá Skattsins) in Iceland 
and bears the registration number 491008-0160. The registered office of the Issuer is at Hagasmári 3, 201 
Kópavogur, Iceland, and the telephone number is +354 440 4000. The Issuer’s homepage is: www.islandsbanki.is. 
The information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
 
The Issuer’s operations are subject to the provisions of the Act on Public Limited Companies No. 2/1995 and the 
Act on Financial Undertakings. The Issuer is authorised to provide all financial services stipulated in the latter Act. 
Its activities are under the supervision of the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (FSA). 
 
HISTORY & DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer traces its roots back to 1904 when the original Íslandsbanki hf. was founded as the first privately-
owned bank in Iceland. Útvegsbanki Íslands took over Íslandsbanki’s operations in 1930 and in 1990 Útvegsbanki 
Íslands, Alþýðubanki Íslands, Iðnaðarbanki Íslands and Verslunarbanki Íslands merged into Íslandsbanki hf. In 
2000, Íslandsbanki hf. merged with The Icelandic Investment Bank (FBA), which itself was created through the 
merger of three state-owned credit funds, forming Íslandsbanki-FBA hf. As a result of the merger, the bank 
further solidified its connections with the corporate sector, particularly in the seafood industry. In the years 2000 
to 2007, the bank expanded its business beyond Iceland by first lending to seafood enterprises in northern 
Europe and North America, and later through strategic acquisitions in the Nordic countries. In March 2006, the 
bank was rebranded as Glitnir banki hf. (All the aforementioned banks collectively referred to as “Glitnir”). 
Following a collapse of the Icelandic banking system in October 2008 by decree of the newly passed Act on the 
Authority for Treasury Disbursements due to Unusual Financial Market Circumstances etc. No. 125/2008 (usually 
referred to as the Emergency Act), the Issuer assumed the domestic assets and liabilities of Glitnir while the 
remainder of Glitnir’s assets, which were mostly foreign assets, were left within Glitnir under the supervision of 
a Resolution Committee (“Resolution Committee”) which was appointed to maximise the recovery value of 
those assets for the benefit of its creditors. The Issuer, initially named New Glitnir Banki hf., reverted back to its 
previous brand name of Íslandsbanki hf., on 20 February 2009.  
On 13 September 2009, Glitnir, on behalf of its creditors, and the Icelandic Government reached an agreement 
on the settlement of assets and liabilities between the Issuer and Glitnir. Under the agreement the Resolution 
Committee acquired a 95 per cent. stake in the Issuer. Glitnir therefore assumed majority control of the Issuer 
and a new Board of Directors was appointed on 25 January 2010. The 95 per cent. stake was owned by ISB 
Holding ehf., a holding company wholly owned by GLB Holding ehf., a subsidiary of Glitnir. In January 2016, Glitnir 
signed an agreement to deliver the 95 per cent. stake to the Icelandic Government as a part of the estate’s 
stability contribution. The change was approved by the Competition Authority on March 11 2016.  
In June 2011 the Issuer announced that it had successfully won a public bid for the entire share capital of Byr hf., 
a local bank in Iceland. Byr hf. focused mainly on retail banking and was built on the foundation of an older 
savings bank which became insolvent in April 2010. The shares were acquired from the Byr savings bank winding 
up committee and the Icelandic government. The acquisition price was ISK 6.6bn. The acquisition agreement was 
executed on 29 November 2011 and the acquisition was completed in the first quarter of 2012. In March 2011, 
the Issuer acquired all shares of the credit card company, Kreditkort hf. and on 27 March 2012 Kreditkort was 
merged into the Issuer.

--- Page 92 ---
85 
 
 
CREDIT RATING 
The Issuer has been assigned a credit rating by the rating agency S&P which is registered in the EU in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the Credit Rating Agency Regulation). S&P rate the issuer as BBB/A-2 with stable outlook.  
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
The Issuer is an Icelandic bank headquartered in Iceland. Its primary market is Iceland.  
The Issuer is licensed as a commercial bank in Iceland, in accordance with Point 1 of Art. 4(1) of the Act on 
Financial Undertakings and offers comprehensive services to the retail and corporate sectors. The Issuer is one 
of Iceland’s three main banks and maintains a strong market share across the spectrum of banking services in 
the country. According to Capacent Gallup market surveys in 2020, the Issuer had approximately 32 per cent. of 
the market share in consumer banking, 35 per cent. of the market share in small to medium-sized enterprise 
banking and 35 per cent. of the market share of corporate & investment banking. The Issuer seeks to move 
Iceland forward by empowering its customers to succeed and prioritize sustainability as an integral driver of 
strategy and value creation. 
The Issuer operates 12 branches, half of which are based around the Reykjavík metropolitan area. It also 
maintains a presence in larger municipalities across Iceland.  
 
The Issuer’s business lines are as follows: 
  
Personal Banking.  
Provides customers with a comprehensive range of financial services, with strong emphasis on digital distribution 
channels. 
 
Business Banking.  
Provides small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with comprehensive financial services. Ergo, the Issuer’s 
asset financing service, is also part of Business Banking 
Corporate and Investment Banking.  
Offers a full range of financial and investment banking services to large companies, pension funds, municipalities, 
mutual funds, invesors and affluent individuals. 
Personal Banking  
Personal Banking offers a full range of financial services for individuals and households, such as lending, savings 
and payments, with a particular focus on digital and self-service solutions. The Issuer’s customers are increasingly 
taking care of their day-to-day banking via digital solutions, such as mobile apps, online banking, and the secure 
web chat. Customers can also visit the Issuer’s efficient branch network for comprehensive consultancy services 
or contact the contact centre.   
 
Business Banking  
Business Banking provides comprehensive banking services and versatile banking products to SMEs, such as 
lending, savings offers and payment solutions offered through business banking centres in Kópavogur and 
Akureyri, including 10 strategically located branches around Iceland, as well as through online banks and mobile 
apps. Ergo, the Issuer’s asset-based financing division is also part of Business Banking. Customers also have full 
access to their business and day-to-day operations via online banking and mobile apps. The Business Banking call 
centre is operated from Norðurturn, the headquarter branch. According to Gallup surveys, the Issuer has been 
voted market leader in Business Banking in Iceland for the previous 11 years. Additionally the Issuer has 
consistently scored highest in service amongst peers according to the same surveys.

--- Page 93 ---
86 
 
 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
Corporate & Investment Banking provides services to large companies, municipalities, institutional investors and 
high net worth individuals. The product and services offering is a comprehensive range of financial and 
investment banking services, including lending, securities and currency brokerage, corporate advisory services, 
private banking services and sales of hedging instruments. The division is focused on building and maintaining 
relationships across all industry divisions within Iceland. Outside of Iceland, the division has a special focus on 
the North  Atlantic seafood industry, leveraging its expertise in the domestic market and global contacts. 
 
SUPPORT DIVISIONS 
FINANCE  
The Finance division includes finance and accounting operations as well as treasury and financial institutions, 
back office functions and investor relations. This division also manages and oversees shareholding in the Issuer’s 
subsidiaries.  
 
RISK MANAGEMENT  
The Issuer has an independent risk management function, Risk Management, headed by the Chief Risk officer. 
Risk Management is responsible for ensuring efficient implementation of the Issuer’s risk strategy and policies, 
for verifying that the Issuer has efficient risk management processes in place and that each key risk that the 
Issuer faces is identified and properly managed by the relevant function.  
 
IT 
The IT division is responsible for the Issuer’s IT platform and systems and software development, including 
internet banking, websites and its hardware, such as data centres, telephone systems, ATMs and personal 
computers.  
 
COMPLIANCE 
The Compliance division has an independent position within the Issuer’s organisational structure. The 
Compliance division’s function is to assist in managing compliance risk on a consolidated basis. Compliance risk 
is defined as the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to the Issuer’s reputation in the 
event of failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and codes of conduct and standards of good practice. 
The Compliance division, in cooperation with Group Internal Audit, performs a special fit and proper test by 
gathering information via questionnaires and examinations to management and key employees. 
 
GROUP INTERNAL AUDIT 
Group Internal Audit is an independent function headed by the Chief Audit Executive and is responsible for 
assessing whether the Group’s risk management, internal control framework (including internal policies) and 
governance processes are effective and efficient and whether they comply with the relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements. Group internal Audit is not responsible for internal control or its implementation but provides the 
Group with independent objective assurance and consulting services designed to add value and improve the 
Group’s operations.  
The work of Group Internal Audit is performed in accordance with a risk-based audit plan approved by the 
Board’s Audit Committee. Group Internal Audit is furthermore responsible for internal investigations on 
suspected fraudulent activities. Group internal Audit reports directly to the Board on its findings and suggestions 
for material improvements to the risk management, controls and governance processes. All audit 
recommendations are subject to a formal follow-up procedure by the appropriate levels of management to 
ensure and report their resolution.

--- Page 94 ---
87 
 
 
The Chief Audit Executive is appointed by the Board and reports directly to the Board. Group internal audit 
operates independently from other departments in accordance with Article 16 of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings. The responsibilities and authorisations of the Chief Audit Executive and Group internal Audit are 
further outlined in the Group internal Audit Charter. 
Regulatory and Tax Environment 
Capital Requirements 
The Issuer’s capital management framework is based on CRD IV, which is an EU legislative package consisting of 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (CRD IV) and 
Regulation 575/2013/EU (CRR). The enactment of the CRD IV Directive into Icelandic law is subject to staggered 
implementation and has involved numerous amendments. The first amendment was introduced on 9 July 2015 
by Act No. 57/2015 which amended the Act on Financial Undertakings and incorporates into Icelandic law the 
CRD IV's provisions on capital buffers and regulation implementing the provisions of the CRR and other technical 
standards. The second amendment, introduced on 1 September 2016 by Act No. 96/2016, amended the Act on 
Financial Undertakings and incorporated the CRD IV's provisions on operating licences, initial capital, information 
obligations, leverage ratios, supervisory review and the evaluation process. The third amendment, introduced 
on 9 May 2017 by Act No. 23/2017, includes an obligation on financial undertakings to establish effective and 
reliable mechanisms to enable employees to report potential or actual breaches of laws and / or regulations that 
apply to the undertakings. The fourth amendment, introduced on 19 June 2018 by Act No. 54/2018, further 
amended the Act on Financial Undertakings and introduced provisions on supervision and prudential 
requirements on a consolidated basis, co-operation with supervisors in other countries in the European 
Economic Area and a legal basis for the regulation on large exposures. The fifth amendment, introduced on 18 
February 2019 by Act no. 8/2019, amended the Act on Financial Undertakings and included provisions regarding 
the board of directors and auditing. The remaining features of CRD IV (not already incorporated by the 
amendments outlined above) are still to be implemented into Icelandic law. 
The remainder of the CRR was enacted into Icelandic law by the entry into force of Regulation No. 233/2017 on 
6 March 2017, although Articles 500 and 501 of CRR, the latter one stipulating capital requirements deduction 
for credit risk on exposures to SMEs, only came into effect on 1 January 2020 following the incorporation of CRR 
into the EEA Agreement. The second SME factor, as stipulated in CRR2, is expected to be implemented as the 
regulation will be incorporated into the EEA agreement.  
On 11 May 2021, the Parliament enacted an amendment act to the Financial Undertaking Act. The most notable 
amendments enable the Minister to implement CRR II and EU Regulation 2019/630 amending CRR as regards 
minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures (NPEs), which aims to accelerate the reduction of 
nonperforming loans in the banking sector, by way of issuing secondary legislation in the form of regulations. 
Moreover, the amendments will enable the Central Bank of Iceland to implement related secondary EU 
legislation based on technical standards, which have already been incorporated into the EEA Agreement. Those 
amendments entered into force on 28 June 2021, as the better part of CRR II will enter into force in the European 
Union on that date and it is expected that Regulation 2019/630 will be incorporated into the EEA Agreement 
next June.  
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should consult their own advisers as to the consequences of the 
implementation of CRD IV and the CRR as well as further changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements 
in Iceland.

--- Page 95 ---
88 
 
 
European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD) 
entered into force. The BRRD establishes an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms. The purpose of the BRRD is to equip the relevant regulatory authorities with a 
range of powers so that they may intervene in an ailing or distressed entity so as to ensure its continuity and 
minimise any potential impact on the economy and financial system.  
The provisions of the BRRD have been implemented into Icelandic law by means of a combination of legislative 
acts.  
First, the passage of Act No. 54/2018, amending the Financial Undertakings Act and entry into force of Regulation 
No. 50/2019 on Recovery Plans of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms implemented the BRRD provisions 
focusing on recovery plans and timely intervention to prevent an economic shock to financial institutions 
operating in Iceland.  
Second, the enactment of the Recovery and Resolution Act further amended the Financial Undertakings Act 
implemented the parts of the BRRD that provide for the resolution process, from preventive measures and 
preparation, to decision-making and the implementation of each resolution. Under the Recovery and Resolution 
Act, the Central Bank of Iceland possesses powers of resolution and can take action and prepare and execute 
resolution procedures on behalf of credit institutions and investment firms.  
As the Resolution Authority, the Central Bank of Iceland oversees the preparation and implementation of each 
resolution and a special funding resource, the Resolution Fund, which is intended to finance the resolution 
process. Additionally, the Act also provides for the implementation of Minimum Requirement for own funds and 
Eligible Liabilities (MREL) in Iceland and amended the amount guaranteed in the deposit guarantee scheme under 
which payments to each depositor are now guaranteed up to the equivalent of EUR 100,000 in ISK.  
On 4 May 2021, the Parliament passed a bill that implements Directive 2017/2399/EU with regard to the position 
of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy and amends the Recovery and Resolution Act 
accordingly. The Act further implemented conformation amendments to the Financial Undertakings Act and the 
Deposit Guarantees Act. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a 
reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial 
terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public 
control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset 
separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer any assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale 
or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives 
resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity 
and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the general bail-in tool), which equity could also be 
subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less

--- Page 96 ---
89 
 
 
than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires 
extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).  
When applying the general bail-in tool, the resolution authority must first reduce or cancel common equity tier 
one, thereafter reduce, cancel, convert additional tier one instruments and then tier two instruments. Other 
unsubordinated debt may also be reduced, cancelled or converted in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in 
normal insolvency proceedings. If this total reduction is less than the amount needed, the resolution authority 
will reduce or convert to the extent required the principal amount or outstanding amount payable in respect of 
unsecured creditors in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. The BRRD 
excludes certain liabilities from the application of the general bail-in tool and provides also that the resolution 
authorities may exclude or partially exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the general bail-in 
tool. Accordingly, pari passu liabilities may be treated unequally and as a result, the claims of other holders of 
junior or pari passu liabilities may be excluded from the application of the general bail-in tool. 
Furthermore, the resolution authorities will have the power to amend or alter the maturity of debt instruments 
and other eligible liabilities or amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments and other eligible 
liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period. 
In addition to the resolution tools (such as the general bail-in tool), the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to permanently write down or convert into equity, capital instruments at the point of 
non-viability and before, or at least together with, the application of any other resolution action (non-viability 
loss absorption).  
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or authorities, as the 
case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital 
instruments are written down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the 
relevant entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance 
in the economy of an EEA State and to preserve financial stability. 
In addition, following the publication on 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU of (i) the Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD (the “BRRD II”) 
as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and 
Directive 98/26/EC and (ii) the Regulation (EU) 2019/877, of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
20 May 2019, amending the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, a comprehensive legislative package has 
been produced which intends to reduce risks in the banking sector and the financial system, reinforce bank’s 
ability to withstand potential shocks and strengthen the banking union from 28 December 2020. It is currently 
unclear how and when BRRD II will be implemented in Iceland and when this will affect the Issuer. 
Tax Environment  
The Issuer’s results of operations depend, to a certain extent, on tax laws and tax treaties or the interpretation 
thereof. 
In December 2010, the Icelandic Parliament passed the Act on Special Tax on Financial Undertakings under which 
certain types of financial institution, including the Issuer, are required to pay an annual levy of the carrying 
amount of their liabilities as determined for tax purposes. This levy was originally 0.041 per cent. but, in 
December 2011, a transitional provision was introduced under which financial institutions had to pay an 
additional 0.0875 per cent. of their tax base as assessed for the years 2012 and 2013. In 2013, the levy was

--- Page 97 ---
90 
 
 
increased and set at 0.376 per cent. of the total debt of the Issuer excluding tax liabilities in excess of ISK 50 
billion at the end of the year. This levy remained unchanged until 1 January 2020 when it was reduced to 0.145 
per cent. Non-financial subsidiaries are exempt from this tax. There can be no assurance that the levy will not be 
further increased.  
In June 2009, the Icelandic Parliament adopted an amendment to the Income Tax Act No. 90/2003 (the “ITA”) as 
a result of which payments of Icelandic sourced interest by an Icelandic debtor, such as the Issuer, to a foreign 
creditor, including holders of Covered Bonds who are not Icelandic, are taxable in Iceland at at current rate of 12 
per cent. However individuals are not subject to taxation on interest income up to ISK 300.000 or lower per year. 
This tax is applicable unless the foreign creditor can demonstrate and obtain approval from the Directorate of 
Inland Revenue in Iceland that an exemption applies, such as the existence of a relevant double taxation treaty, 
and in such case the provisions of the double tax treaty will apply. Bonds issued by energy companies and certain 
financial institutions, including bonds issued by the Issuer, are also subject to exemption. The exemption, subject 
to certain other requirements, applies to bonds that are held through a clearing system, such as Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, within a member state of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (OECD), the European Economic Area (EEA), a founding member state of European Free Trade 
Association (EFTA) or the Faroe Islands. 
In December 2011, the Icelandic Parliament passed the Act on Tax on Financial Activities, No. 165/2011, under 
which certain types of financial institutions, including the Issuer, were required to pay a special additional tax 
levied on all remuneration paid to employees, with effect from 1 January 2012. The levy is currently set at 5.5 
per cent. of such remuneration. Additionally, Act No. 165/2011 amended Article 71 of the ITA, regarding income 
tax of legal entities, and imposed a special additional income tax on legal entities liable for taxation according to 
Article 2 of Act No. 165/2011, which includes the Issuer. The levy is set at 6 per cent. on income over ISK 1 billion, 
disregarding joint taxation and transferable losses. The aforementioned taxes and levies placed on the Issuer 
increases the cost burden on the Issuer and subjects it to a competitive disadvantage relative to other 
competitors, which are not subject to such taxes or levies. 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Icelandic government, through Icelandic State Financial Investments (ISFI), owns 65 per cent. of the Issuer’s 
share capital (assuming full exercise of the overallotment option), see “Business Overview — Information about 
the Issuer — Major Shareholders”.  
 
The following chart illustrates the Issuer’s organisational structure.

--- Page 98 ---
91 
 
 
 
  
Figure 1: Organisational Structure  
 
The Issuer’s investment in significant subsidiaries can be seen in the table below, along with a specification 
of the nature of business of those subsidiaries (as of 31 December 2020):  
The Issuer is the parent company of a group and its principal subsidiaries include the following as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus (the Group) 
Subsidiary  
Ownership  
Company Description 
Íslandssjóðir hf.  
100% 
Investment fund management company 
Allianz Ísland hf.  
100% 
Insurance agent 
BVS ehf.  
64,46% 
Holding company  
10 other non-significant 
subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
Trend Information 
No material adverse changes have occurred in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published 
audited financial statements. 
 
 
Recent Developments 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 31 
December 2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2020.

--- Page 99 ---
92 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
The Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of seven members. Two alternate members are also appointed.The Board 
of Directors appoints the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Audit Executive. The Chief Executive Officer 
appoints the Managing Directors of the Issuer. 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and each member of the Executive Committee 
is Íslandsbanki hf., Hagasmári 3, 201 Kópavogur, Iceland. 
Set forth below are the members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors:  
Name 
Title 
Mr. Hallgrímur Snorrason 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Anna Þórðardóttir  
Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Árni Stefánsson 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Mr. Frosti Ólafsson 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Ms. Guðrún Þorgeirsdóttir  
Ms. Heiðrún Jónsdóttir  
Mr. Jökull H. Úlfsson 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 
Mr. Hallgrímur Snorrason (Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
Hallgrímur Snorrason is an independent consultant in official statistics at international level. He was Director-
General of Statistics Iceland from 1985 to 2007 and Deputy managing Director of the National Economic Institute 
of Iceland from 1980 to 1984. He has been a member of the board of several companies, including Útvegsbanki 
Íslands hf., Skýrr and Auður Capital, and has chaired or served on a number of governmental committees, both 
domestically and in connection with Nordic cooperation, EFTA, EU and the OECD. 
Mr. Snorrason holds an M.Sc. degree in Economics from the University of Lund in Sweden and a B.Sc. degree in 
Economics from the University of Edinburgh 
Ms. Anna Þórðardóttir (Member of the Board of Directors)  
Anna Þórðardóttir has been a board member of a number of companies and organizations,including KPMG ehf. 
and the Institute of State Authorized Public Accountants in Iceland. She is currently a member of the board of 
The Icelandic Center for Future Studies (Framtíðarsetur Íslands) and is chairman of the Board Audit Committee 
of Hagar. Anna was an employee of KPMG in 1988-2015, where she became partner in 1999. While at KPMG, she 
was responsible for the audit of the following companies: Reitir, Hagar, 365, Baugur Group, Vodafone, 
Landfestar, Landey, 10-11 and Félagsbústaðir. 
Ms. Þórðardóttir holds a Cand Oecon. in Business Administration from the University of Iceland and is a Chartered 
Accountant. She has also studied  towards a Cand. Merc in Financial Studies from Handelhøjskolen in Århus, 
Denmark.  
Mr. Árni Stefánsson (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Árni Stefánsson has extensive management experience in power-intensive industry in Iceland and is currently 
manager and member of the executive board at the Rio Tinto primary aluminium plant. Previously, he was a 
manager of the Century Aluminium plant Norðurál in Grundartangi, manager and on the executive board with 
Landsnet, the electric transmission grid company of Iceland; and manager with Landsvirkjun, the National Power 
Company of Iceland.

--- Page 100 ---
93 
 
 
Mr. Stefánsson holds an M.Sc. degree in electrical engineering. 
Mr. Frosti Ólafsson (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Frosti Ólafsson is an independent strategic consultant. He is the former CEO of ORF Genetics a leading plant 
biotechnology company that owns and operates BIOEFFECT skin care brand,  was the Managing Director of 
Iceland Chamber of Commerce and worked as a strategic consultant for McKinsey & Company. In his past roles, 
Frosti has supported leading domestic and international companies on a wide range of topics, including strategy, 
operations and governance. Frosti is currently a Board member at Reykjavík University and its affiliated real 
estate entities,  Freyja Private Equity Fund and Controlant. 
Mr. Ólafsson holds an MBA degree from London Business School and a B.Sc. degree in economics from University 
of Iceland and Macquire University in Sydney. 
Ms. Guðrún Þorgeirsdóttir (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Guðrún Þorgeirsdóttir is the Chief Business Development Officer of PayAnalytics. Previously, she was the Chief 
Financial officer of Skeljungur. She has prior experience as a Chief Risk Officer and as an investment manager. 
She is an experienced board member and has served on the board of directors of insurance companies, financial 
companies and retail- and service companies, including VÍS, Lífís, Lyfja and Lýsing.  
Ms. Þorgeirsdóttir has a B. Sc. Degree in Industrial Engineering from the University of Iceland, an MBA degree 
from HEC School of Management in France and is a securities broker licensed by the Icelandic Ministry of Finance 
and Economic Affairs. 
Ms. Heiðrún Jónsdóttir (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Heiðrún Jónsdóttir is an attorney at law with Múli Legal Services and serves as a member of the board of Reginn 
real estate company and Royal Arctic Line. Previously, she was a managing director at Eimskipafélag Íslands hf., 
Lex Legal Services and KEA. She has been chairman of the board at  Norðlenska, Íslensk Verðbréf and Gildi pension 
fund and has been a member of the board of Olíuverslun Íslands hf., Síminn hf., Icelandair Group, the Icelandic 
Banks’ Data Centra (Reiknistofa Bankanna), the securities depository Arion Verðbréfavarsla, Þekking and the 
Icelandic Pension Funds Association. She served as a board member of the Board of the Icelandic Bar Association 
from 2016-2019 and was the deputy chairman of the board from 2018-2019.  
Ms. Jónsdóttir holds a Cand.Jur degree from the University of Iceland and is a securities broker licensed by the 
Icelandic Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs. She completed an Advanced Management Program (AMP) at 
IESE Business School in Barcelona in 2017. 
Mr. Jökull H. Úlfsson (Member of the Board of Directors) 
Jökull Úlfsson has worked in the financial market for the past 25 years where he has acquired comprehensive 
knowledge of financial institutions’ operations. He has spent most of his career with Arion Bank hf. and its 
predecessors as a manager in asset management, business development and human resources. He sat on the 
board of directors of Stefnir hf. in the years 2013 – 2019 and was Managing Direcor of Stefnir hf. from 2019 – 
2020. 
Mr. Úlfsson holds a Cand.Oecon degree in business administration from the University of Icleand and is a 
securities broker licensed by the Icelandic Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs. 
 
The alternate members of the Issuer’s Board of Directors are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Ms. Herdís Gunnarsdóttir 
Alternate Member of the Board of Directors

--- Page 101 ---
94 
 
 
Mr. Óskar Jósefsson 
Alternate Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 
Ms. Herdís Gunnarsdóttir (Alternate Member of the Board of Directors) 
Herdís Gunnarsdóttir is the director of The Icelandic Social Insurance Administration’s rights division. Herdís 
holds an MBA from the University of Iceland and an MSc and BSc in nursing from the University of Iceland.  
 
Mr. Óskar Jósefsson (Alternate Member of the Board of Directors) 
 
Óskar Jósefsson holds a M.Sc. degree in industrial and operations engineering from Aalborg University in 
Denmark. He is the CEO of Iceland Tourism Task Force since 2016 and has been a member of the executive 
management and board of directors of a number of leading companies in Iceland. 
 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
The Executive Committee consists of the following seven members, including the CEO: 
 
Ms. Birna Einarsdóttir, Chief Executive Officer.  
Birna Einarsdóttir worked at Iðnaðarbankinn hf., a predecessor of the Bank, from 1987. After six years with Royal 
Bank of Scotland as Senior Product Manager, Ms. Einarsdóttir rejoined the Bank in the fall of 2004 as the 
Managing Director of Sales and Marketing. She was appointed Executive Vice President of Retail Banking in 
August 2007. Ms. Einarsdóttir assumed the role of CEO of the Issuer in October of 2008. Ms. Einarsdóttir´s has 
worked as head of marketing for the Icelandic Broadcasting Company Ltd. (Channel 2) and Managing Director for 
the Icelandic Football Pools (Íslensk getspá).  
Ms. Einarsdóttir holds a B.Sc. in Business Administration from the University of Iceland and an MBA from the 
University of Edinburgh.  
 
Mr. Jón Guðni Ómarsson, Chief Financial Officer  
Jón Guðni Ómarsson worked in the Capital Markets division at the Bank from 2000 to 2002. He rejoined the Bank 
in 2005 and has held various positions in the Leverage Finance and Treasury divisions, working on different types 
of investment and funding transaction. In October 2008 he was appointed Executive Director of Treasury and in 
October 2011 he was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer. 
Mr. Ómarsson holds a B.Sc. degree in Industrial and Mechanical Engineering from the University of Iceland and 
an M.Sc. degree in Quantitative and Computational Finance (QCF) from the Georgia Institute of Technology. He 
is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and a securities broker licensed by the Icelandic Ministry of Finance and 
Economic Affairs. 
 
Mr. Guðmundur Kristinn Birgisson, Chief Risk Officer 
Guðmundur Kristinn Birgisson joined Íslandsbanki in 2011 as Executive Director of Risk Monitoring where he 
oversaw the implementation of the Bank’s Operational Risk Management Framework and monitoring of the 
execution of credit processes. In 2017, he served as Executive Director of Lending in the Bank’s Personal Banking 
division and in 2018, he was appointed as the Chief Risk Officer of the Bank. 
Mr. Birgisson holds a Ph.D. degree in Mathematics Education from Indiana University and a B.A. in Philosophy 
and Science from the University of Iceland.

--- Page 102 ---
95 
 
 
Mr. Riaan Dreyer, Managing Director, IT 
Riaan Dreyer has been with Íslandsbanki since 2019. Mr. Dreyer has been in various Chief Information Officer 
roles in South Africa, most notably Standard Bank and Liberty Life, before he relocated to Iceland in 2016. He 
then joined Meniga after which he joined Arion Bank as the Head of Development. 
Mr. Dreyer holds a master’s degree in information technology from the University of Pretoria, South Africa and 
a Bachelor degree in Actuarial Science and Economics. He has completed completed an AMP management 
programme from IESE, Barcelona. 
 
Ms. Sigríður Hrefna Hrafnkelsdóttir, Managing Director Personal Banking 
Sigríður Hrefna Hrafnkelsdóttir was appointed Managing Director of Personal Banking in May 2017. Ms. 
Hrafnkelsdóttir worked as managing director of retail for Olíusverzlun Íslands from 2014. Before that she worked 
for Arion Bank, Sparisjóðabanki Íslands, Atlas Ejendomme A/S and LEX Law Offices.  
Ms. Hrafnkelsdóttir holds a Cand.Jur. degree from the University of Iceland, is a district court attorney and holds 
an MBA degree from Copenhagen Business School. 
 
Ms. Una Steinsdóttir, Managing Director Business Banking.  
Una Steinsdóttir joined the Bank in 1991 as a specialist in International Banking. Ms. Steinsdóttir has over 30 
years of experience in working for the Issuer and its predecessors and has among other things worked in credit 
control and service management. Ms. Steinsdóttir was a branch manager in Keflavik for eight years, from 1999 
to 2007 until she was appointed director of Retail Banking in 2007. She was then appointed Managing Director 
of Retail Banking for the Issuer in October 2008. 
Ms. Steinsdóttir holds a Cand. Oecon degree in Business Administration from the University of Iceland and has 
completed an AMP management programme from IESE, Barcelona.  
 
Mr. Ásmundur Tryggvason, Managing Director Corporate and Investment Banking.  
Ásmundur Tryggvason was Executive Director of the Bank’s Corporate Finance department from 2012 to 2019. 
Mr. Tryggvason has also worked in the Bank’s Research department and in Business Banking. He has also served 
on the boards of various financial, technology, industrial, telephone and publishing companies. 
Mr. Tryggvason holds a law degree from the Faculty of Law of the University of Iceland, is a District Court Attorney 
and has completed a degree in securities trading. 
 
POTENTIAL CONFLICT OF INTEREST 
The Bank has listed three situations as a possible conflict of interest situation 
- 
Frosti Ólafsson, a member of the Board of Directors of the Bank, is a director at Freyja framtakssjóður, 
a fund operated by Kvika Asset Management, one of the competitors of Iceland Funds. 
- 
Brynja Baldursdóttir, the spouse of Jón Guðni Ómarsson, the Bank's Chief Financial Officer, is a 
managing director of Creditinfo Lánstraust hf., which is a customer of the Bank and a director at Fossar 
markaðir hf., one of the Bank's competitors. 
- 
Jón Þór Sigurvinsson, the spouse of Guðrún Þorgeirsdóttir, a member of the Board of Directors, is the 
head of corporate finance and one of the founders of Arctica Finance hf., one of the Bank’s 
competitors. 
Besides that, no member of the Board of Directors or the Executive Committee has any private interest that 
might conflict with the Bank's interests.

--- Page 103 ---
96 
 
 
 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
On 29 January 2021, the Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs announced the decision to initiate a process 
of selling certain of ISFI’s shares, up to 35 per cent., in the Issuer based on a proposal made by the ISFI on 17 
December 2020. The Ministry submitted a report setting out the main objectives and procedure of the offering 
to the Budget Committee, the Economic Committee of the Althingi, and the Central Bank of Iceland. It was noted 
that the Budget Committee and the Economic Committee of the Althingi recommended that work begin on 
preparing the offering and for listing of the Issuer on the NASDAQ Iceland. On 7 June 2021, ISFI announced the 
offer size and indicative price range of the offering and published the prospectus. The offering closed on 15 June 
2021. The number of shares sold in the offering amounted to 636,363,630 plus up to an additional 63,636,363 
at a price for the offer shares of ISK 79 per offer share. Immediately following the closing of the offering, ISFI will 
hold 65% of the share capital of the Issuer, assuming full exercise of the overallotment option. Total number of 
shareholders post offering is approximately 24,000, which is the largest shareholder base of any listed company 
in Iceland. 
 
VOTING RIGHTS 
Each Share carries one vote. Accordingly, all shareholders have voting rights in proportion to their percentage of 
share ownership. 
 
DIRECT OR INDIRECT OWNERSHIP OR CONTROL BY INDIVIDUAL SHAREHOLDERS 
The Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by parties other than the shareholder listed above. At 
the date of this Prospectus there are no arrangements known to the Issuer the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change of control of the Issuer. The ISFI is a separate state body under the Minister 
of Finance an Economic Affairs and manages the government’s holdings in financial undertakings.The ISFI 
manages its holdings in the Issuer in accordance with  applicable law, good administrative and business practices 
and the government’s ownership policy for financial undertakings at each time. The government’s ownership 
policy is based on Article 44 of the act No. 123/2015 on public finances and and Article 1 of Act No. 88/2009 on 
the Icelandic State Financial Investments.   
 
 9. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
IFRS 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the years 2019-2020 were prepared in accordance with 
the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union. As were the unaudited 
and reviewed Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements for the period 1 January to 31 March 2021. 
 
AUDITORS 
Consolidated Financial Statements for 2019 and 2020 were audited by Ernst & Young ehf., Borgartúni 30, 105 
Reykjavík, Iceland. Margrét Pétursdóttir was the Issuer’s auditor on behalf of Ernst & Young ehf. She is a member 
in the Institute of State Authorized Public Accountants in Iceland (FLE). 
 
AGE OF LATEST FINANCIAL STATEMENT 
The latest audited Consolidated Financial Statements were published on 10 February 2021 and are for the year 
ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 104 ---
97 
 
 
The Issuer’s latest financial information is the unaudited and reviewed Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial 
Statement for the first three months 2021 which was published on 5 May 2021. 
To the Issuer´s best knowledge, no significant changes have occurred in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the end of the last financial period.  
 
EXPLANATORY NOTES 
Detailed information regarding the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statement 
of Changes in Equity, and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows are accessible in the explanatory notes in the 
relevant financial statements incorporated into this Base Prospectus, by reference.  
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2019 AND 2020 
Following is a summary of the Issuer’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the years 2019 and 2020. This 
information should be read together with each Consolidated Financial Statement due to changes in methodology 
between years. The Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 and 2020 can be found on the Issuer´s website: 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations. Profit from the Issuer's operations for the 
year 2020 amounted to ISK 6,755 million, which corresponds to a 3.7 per cent. return on equity. Issuer equity, 
according to the Consolidated Financial Position, amounted to ISK 186,204 million at 31 December 2020. The 
Issuer's total capital ratio, calculated according to the Act on Financial Undertakings, was 23.0% and the Tier 1 
ratio was 20.1%. Current capital ratios are in excess of both internal and regulatory requirements. The Issuer's 
total assets amounted to ISK 1,344,191 million at the end of the year 2020.

--- Page 105 ---
98

--- Page 106 ---
99

--- Page 107 ---
100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION Q1 2020 AND 2021 
Following is a summary of the Issuer’s unaudited and reviewed Consolidated Financial Statements for Q1 2020 
and Q1 2021. The Consolidated Financial Statements can be found on the Issuer´s website: 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations. Profit from the Issuer's operations in Q1 2021 
amounted to ISK 3.6 billion, which corresponds to a 7.7 per cent. return on equity. Issuer equity, according to 
the Consolidated Financial Position, amounted to ISK 185 billion  at 31 March 2021. The Issuer's total capital 
ratio, calculated according to the Act on Financial Undertakings, was 21.9% and the Tier 1 ratio was 19.2%. 
Current capital ratios are in excess of both internal and regulatory requirements. The Issuer's total assets 
amounted to ISK 1,385,235 million at the end of March 2021.

--- Page 108 ---
101

--- Page 109 ---
102

--- Page 110 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10. RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Issuer is exposed to various risks. The management of these risks is an integral part of the Issuer’s operations. 
The ultimate responsibility for ensuring an adequate risk management framework lies with the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors. The Issuer’s Board of Directors defines and communicates the acceptable level of risk through the 
Issuer’s risk management policies. The Issuer’s risk management framework and policies are discussed under 
Notes 46-66 in the 2020 Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
 
 
11. ISSUER COVER POOL 
 
AUTHORISATION 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of the Covered Bonds have been duly authorised by 
resolutions of the meetings of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 23 March 2010, 1 December 2010, 25 
October 2011, 10 May 2017, 21 March 2018, 6 May 2020 and 11 March 2021.  
COMPOSITION 
The composition of the Cover Pool may vary from time to time but shall always fulfil the requirements laid down 
in any applicable FSA licence to issue the Covered Bonds. Information relating to the type of assets (and where 
relevant, their location) that make up the Cover Pool will be provided quarterly, no later than 30 days from the 
end of each quarter, on the Issuer’s website at https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-
relations. For the avoidance of doubt and in accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool, and any 
proceeds derived therefrom, will be kept separate from the Issuer’s other assets at all times in the Register, and 
thus there will be no commingling of the relevant underlying assets. 
In respect to the loans to be included in the Cover Pool, the Issuer will include loans secured by mortgages over 
residential properties located in Iceland. However, other non-loan assets may be included in accordance with 
the Act on Covered Bonds and any applicable licence issued by the FSA. 
The Issuer will not treat any additional value as overcollateral for the purposes of determining the level of 
Overcollateralisation in the Cover Pool. The Issuer may enter into certain derivative contracts for the purpose of 
hedging risks between assets in the Cover Pools and the Covered Bonds. The Issuer will maintain an 
Overcollateralisation level of at least 10 per cent relating to the Covered Bonds. It is the opinion of the Issuer 
that the Overcollateralisation will be sufficient to manage the market risk of the Cover Pool and to enable the 
Covered Bonds to obtain and maintain an acceptable Programme and Cover Pool rating, as applicable. The 
Overcollateralisation may however not exceed 30 per cent. unless increased demand has developed due to other 
provisions of the Act on Covered Bonds. 
ORIGINATION 
The Mortgages in the original Cover Pool were primarily originated by the Issuer’s predecessor, Glitnir. By 
decision of the FSA dated 14 October 2008 all assets of Glitnir were allocated to the Issuer. All mortgages are 
owned, maintained and serviced by the Issuer. Other Mortgages going forward may be originated by the Issuer 
or separately acquired by the issuer.

--- Page 111 ---
104 
 
 
PROCEEDS 
All proceeds derived from the Mortgages will be allocated to an account by the Issuer, which is separated from 
the Issuer´s other assets and accounts (the “Proceeds Account”). The Proceeds Account will form a part of the 
Register, as further described in this Base Prospectus (Summary of Icelandic Legislation Relating to Covered 
Bonds). The Proceeds Account will be monitored by the Issuer and will eventually contain amounts that at a 
minimum are sufficient to pay an amount equal to 3 months forward looking accrued interest (“Minimum 
Account Amount”). After such date any proceeds exceeding the Minimum Account Amount can be allocated at 
the discretion of the Issuer, subject to the approval of the Independent Inspector as further described below, 
provided that any such allocation would not affect the Overcollateralisation.  
INDEPENDENT INSPECTOR AGREEMENT 
According to a letter of approval dated 31 January 2011 the FSA has approved the Issuer‘s appointment of Helga 
Harðardóttir, Id.no. 101059-2519, Hvannarima 20, 112 Reykjavík a certified public accountant and partner at 
KPMG hf. in Iceland as the Independent Inspector of the Programme in accordance with Chapter VIII. of the Act 
on Covered Bonds and the Rules (the Independent Inspector). The appointment was concluded by an agreement 
dated 31 January 2011 between the Issuer and the Independent Inspector (the Independent Inspector 
Agreement). The Independent Inspector Agreement has since been renewed regularly, last 23 March 2020. The 
principal duties of the Independent Inspector is the carrying out of the supervision set out in Chapter VIII of the 
Act on Covered Bonds and the Rules, including inter alia the maintenance of the Register in accordance with 
Chapter VI of the Act on Covered Bonds, verifying the collateral for bonds in a Cover Pool is based on proper 
methodology and provide the FSA with information obtained in the course of her work as frequently and in such 
form as the FSA may decide, or above and beyond that if exceptional circumstance so warrant. The Independent 
Inspector Agreement is governed by Icelandic law. 
INDEPENDENT INSPECTOR’S OVERSIGHT 
As further described in this Base Prospectus, the Register will be monitored by the Independent Inspector in 
accordance with the Act on Covered Bonds. The Independent Inspector must ensure that a Register is 
maintained, as described above, and verify that the valuation of collateral for bonds in the Cover Pool is based 
on proper methodology.  
Additionally, the Issuer must seek prior approval from the Independant Inspector before any assets are removed 
from the Register, other than may be required by law. 
DERIVATIVE CONTRACTS 
 
General 
The Act on Covered Bonds allows the inclusion of derivative contracts in the Cover Pool. Such derivative contracts 
can be entered into in order to hedge interest rate, exchange rate or liquitity risks. 
According to the requirements of the Act on Covered Bonds, any such derivative contract can only be entered 
into with i) the Icelandic State; i) member state; iii) municipality in a member state; iv) central bank in a member 
state; or v) other party deemed sufficiently solid to fulfil the obligations involved in the contract. 
In addition, pursuant to the Act on Covered Bonds, the Register of assets within the Cover Pool shall, in relation 
to each derivative contract, identify the type of agreement and individual number, counterparty, nominal value, 
currency, interest terms, value of the net claim or net debt, as well as the start and expiry date of the agreement. 
Currency Exchange Risk 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds or a part of the Cover Pool is denominated in a currency other than ISK, 
the Issuer shall enter into derivative contracts for the purpose of hedging any net currency exchange risk. The 
market value of cross currency swaps will fluctuate with exchange rates. Such market value fluctuations will be 
managed according to a Credit Support Annex (see below). 
The Issuer also has the option to reverse existing swaps and enter into new ones at current exchange rates.

--- Page 112 ---
105 
 
 
Interest Rate Risk 
Interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to assets within the Cover Pool may be managed through the 
derivative contracts. Interest rate swaps will be entered into with a hedge counterparty relating to both the 
Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. 
Under derivative contracts, with respect to interest rate hedging on the fixed rate Cover Pool, on a monthly basis 
the Issuer will enter into contract with a hedge counterparty to hedge on a net risk basis the fluctuations in the 
relevant assets held by the Issuer and which are included in the Cover Pool on the relevant date and with regards 
to the interest rate payable on the Covered Bonds with regards to the interest rate on the Mortgages contained 
in the Cover Pool.  
 
Downgrade in Rating of Hedge Counterparty 
Under the terms of the proposed derivative contracts to be entered into with the hedge counterparty, if the 
rating of any hedge counterparty short term unsecured, unsubordinated debt obligations falls below “F2“ by 
Fitch, “P2” by Moody’s or “A2” by S&P or the rating of any hedge counterparty long-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated debt obligations falls below “A-” by Fitch or “A-” by S&P or “A3” by Moody’s at any time, the 
hedge counterparty will be required to take certain remedial measures which may include: (i) providing collateral 
for its obligations under the Hedging Contract; (ii) terminate the derivative contract and arrange for its 
obligations under the derivative contracts to be transferred to an entity with the ratings required by the relevant 
rating agency; or (iii) procuring another entity with the ratings required by the relevant rating agency to become 
co-obligor in respect of its obligations under the derivative contracts. 
 
Restrictions on Use of Derivative Contracts 
The Issuer uses derivatives in the Cover Pool, including the swaps described above, strictly for hedging purposes 
and these are designated as hedging instruments. Derivatives are not used in trading activities or for speculative 
purposes. 
Under rules made under the Act on Covered Bonds, the Issuer is required to fix a limit on interest risk in relation 
to its own funds and potential losses resulting from 1 per cent. parallel shift in all interest rate curves.  
In respect of assets within the Cover Pool, the Issuer complies with the currency matching requirements set out 
in the Rules made under the Act on Covered Bonds and provisions applicable to cover assets derivative contracts. 
 
ORIGINATION CRITERIA 
All loans, in the Cover Pool, were at the time of lending (or at the time of restructuring, if applicable), if not 
otherwise specifically mentioned, subject to various conditions (the Origination Criteria) being satisfied on the 
relevant date. These are as follows:  
(i) 
no loan relates to a Property which is not a residential property;  
(ii) 
all of the borrowers of each respective loan are individuals and were aged 18 years or older at the 
date of entering into the relevant loan and its related Mortgage;  
(iii) 
each loan is denominated in ISK;  
(iv) 
prior to the making of each advance under a loan, the requirements of the relevant standard 
documentation were met, so far as applicable to that loan;  
(v) 
each loan complies fully with the Consumer Credit Act No. 121/1994;  
(vi) 
the whole of the outstanding principal balance on each loan and any arrears of interest and all 
accrued interest is secured by a Mortgage;  
(vii) 
each loan and its Mortgage is valid and binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms;  
(viii) 
insurance cover for each Property is or will at all times be available under a policy arranged by the 
borrower in accordance with the relevant Mortgage conditions;

--- Page 113 ---
106 
 
 
(ix) 
prior to the making of each advance under a loan, the Origination Criteria and all preconditions to 
the making of that loan were satisfied in all material respects subject only to exceptions as would 
be acceptable to a reasonable, prudent mortgage lender. 
 
 
12. THE ICELANDIC ECONOMY2  
Following the rapid upswing in the Icelandic economy beginning in the middle of the first decade of the 21st 
century, the economy experienced a banking and currency crisis in the second half of 2008. The gross domestic 
product (GDP) contracted considerably during the next two years, the value of assets deteriorated, real wages 
declined, and unemployment rose. However, the Icelandic economy subsequently enjoyed a period of robust 
GDP growth in 2011-2019 and currently has a GDP per capita among the highest in the world.  
The Icelandic economy has a history of considerable volatility. The source of such volatility has historically been 
the main goods export sector, the fisheries industry. The business cycle, therefore, has been linked to fish catch 
volumes and fluctuations in the prices of marine products on foreign markets. The development of power-
intensive industry, which plays a considerable role in export activities, has also been the cause of some volatility. 
The business cycle of the first decade of the 21st century was partly driven by investments in this sector. However, 
these fluctuations can, to a greater extent, be attributed to systemic changes in the domestic financial market, 
which in a short period of time evolved from a capital controlled financial market with fixed exchange rates to 
an open financial market with a floating exchange rate and large international privately-run financial institutions. 
The currency and banking crisis was therefore preceded by the classical antecedents to a crisis of such kind and 
was sparked by the international financial crisis that prevailed at the time. 
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) approached the Icelandic government at the end of 2008 with the 
promise of a credit facility in exchange for a letter of intent from the Icelandic government agreeing to changes 
in the Icelandic economy in three main areas: fiscal policy, the activities of financial institutions and stability of 
the foreign exchange market. Despite some initial delays, the Stand-by Agreement with the IMF came to an end 
on 26 August 2011. The Icelandic Parliament imposed capital controls in 2011 pursuant to the Act on Foreign 
Exchange in order to prevent serious difficulties with regard to Iceland’s balance of payments and to stabilise the 
króna exchange rate. On 14 March 2017, Rules no. 200/2017 on Currency Exchange took effect, granting a 
general exemption from the restriction set forth in the Act on Foreign Exchange and effectively lifting the capital 
controls that had previously been in place. The new rules are expected to remain in effect until the Icelandic 
Parliament passes into law a recently presented legislative bill to formally amend the Act on Foreign Exchange, 
thereby lifting the capital controls by law. Certain limitations on derivative transactions involving króna will 
continue to remain in effect, and speculative trades involving króna will continue to remain prohibited.  
The Icelandic economy enjoyed a period of continuous robust growth from 2011 until year-end 2019. 
Consumption, investment and exports all grew at a brisk pace and real wages and real residential house prices 
rose considerably in that period.  The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic led to a 6.6% decline in real GDP in 2020, 
mostly due to a sharp fall in exports. On the other hand, national expenditure fell by a more moderate 1.9% in 
2020 and the current account remained in surplus as a fall in imports offset the contraction in exports to a degree. 
After a period of inflation remaining close to the Central Bank of Iceland’s inflation target between Q1 2014 and 
Q3 2018, inflation temporarily increased above the target as the ISK depreciated and domestic cost pressures 
remained considerable.  After falling back to inflation target levels in late 2019, inflation again rose in 2020 
 
 
2 Sources: This chapter was compiled by Islandsbanki Research based on information from hagstofa.is, sedlabanki.is and oecd.org. No facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 114 ---
107 
 
 
following a depreciation in the Icelandic Króna due to the impact of the pandemic. The Central Bank of Iceland 
decreased its main policy rate from 4.5 per cent. as of the first quarter of 2019 to 0.75 per cent. as of the fourth 
quarter of 2020 to counter the adverse economic impact of the pandemic. The Central Bank has also employed 
a range of additional policy instruments to mitigate the pandemic impact, including foreign exchange market 
interventions and liquidity measures in the financial sector. 
Despite brisk economic growth in the period preceding the COVID-19 pandemic, the total debt ratios of 
households, corporates and the public sector have remained relatively stable compared to GDP following a 
substantial decline in debt ratios earlier in the decade. Furthermore, Iceland’s external debt position has 
improved vastly, with external assets exceeding external liabilities by around 1/3 of GDP as of year-end 2020 
after decades of substantial net negative international investment position. The main reason for this economic 
development is an exceptionally rapid growth in Iceland’s tourist sector, which in recent years has been the 
country’s largest export sector. Moreover, business investment rose substantially around mid-decade, 
particularly in export sectors such as tourism and energy.

--- Page 115 ---
108 
 
 
13. THE ICELANDIC HOUSING MARKET  
A relatively typical price bubble formed in the Icelandic housing market around the middle of the first decade of 
the 21st century, fuelled by easier access to credit, a rapid increase in real wages and expectations of further 
property value increases. The economy experienced a vast upswing during this period, which was driven by, 
among other things, the newly found freedom on the financial market. A large quantity of residential housing 
was built during this period because the market prices of residential property considerably outweighed building 
costs.  
Historically, a large proportion of Icelandic households have owned the houses they have lived in, i.e. around 
four out of five. The rental market, on the other hand, has been relatively small when compared to many other 
economies although recent years have seen the formation of a more structured long-term rental market with 
the arrival of dedicated residential property rental companies. Ownership has been encouraged with public 
subsidies on mortgage rates in the form of tax and rebates. Icelandic households have placed a rather large 
proportion of their savings into residential property. The majority of mortgage loans were CPI-indexed, but 
during the upswing a growing number of loans were also exchange rate-linked, as households sought to finance 
the purchases of their homes with the lower interest rates on foreign currencies. This made Icelandic households 
rather vulnerable to fluctuations in housing prices, as well as the exchange rate of the Icelandic króna and 
inflation. When the price bubble burst in 2008, capital rapidly shrank and repayments on loans as a percentage 
of disposable income suddenly soared. Consequently, exchange-rate linked mortgage loans have since been de 
facto prohibited in Iceland.  
One of the distinguishing features of the Icelandic housing market has long been that decreases in real value are 
caused more by inflation than changes in nominal prices. Thus business in this market contracted substantially 
at the same time as the Icelandic upswing came to an end, the currency depreciated and inflation soared. From 
this point of view, developments in the aftermath of 2008 crash were not unlike previous downturns in the 
history of the Icelandic economy. The real decrease in residential property value, which measured at 36% in Q1 
2010 from when prices were at their peak at the end of 2008, is a result of the inflation that occurred during this 
period. 
The housing market went through a turnaround in 2010 and real and nominal housing prices started to rise 
somewhat. Moreover, turnover on the housing market picked up. There were a number of reasons for this. 
Firstly, real wages increased, as did expectations that the bottom of the recession had been reached. Secondly, 
the demand was driven by expectations regarding the development of housing prices, since housing prices 
seemed to be rising again. Thirdly, the debt problems of households were tackled with debt forgiveness and debt 
restructuring. In parallel with this, blockages at both the supply and demand end of the housing market have 
been cleared, which may partly explain the increase in turnover. This revaluation process is not over and will 
continue to characterise the housing market in the years ahead. From Q1 2010 to Q1 2018 housing prices 
increased by 55% in real terms. More recently, the real prices have risen more moderately and mostly in line 
with real wage increases. 
The real prices of residential housing are at a historical high, having exceeded their 2007 levels. Housing prices 
in proportion to wages have risen considerably until recently and are above long-term average. Even so, average 
household debt has not increased as a share of GDP and remains at considerably lower levels than a decade ago.

--- Page 116 ---
109 
 
 
14. TAXATION 
ICELANDIC TAXATION 
The comments below are of a general nature based on the understanding of the Issuer of current law and practice 
in Iceland and should not be construed as providing legitimate expectations as to the system of taxation being 
described herein or precluding changes in the applicable rules on taxation in the future. They relate only to the 
position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme. 
They may not apply to certain classes of person such as dealers. Prospective holders of Covered Bonds to be issued 
under the Programme who are in any doubt as to their personal tax position or who may be subject to tax in any 
other jurisdiction, should consult their professional advisers. 
 
NON-ICELANDIC TAX RESIDENTS 
Non-Icelandic residents are not subject to tax on any interest income derived by them from the Covered Bonds 
provided the Covered Bonds are registered with a securities depository within the Organisation for Economic Co-
operation and Development, the European Economic Area or a member of the European Free Trade Association 
or the Faroe Islands, and the Issuer will register any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme with the 
Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland to exempt the Covered Bonds from such taxation, all in accordance 
with point 8 of the first Paragraph of Article 3 of Act no 90/2003 on Income Tax. The Issuer will provide a 
certificate of such tax exemption for each issue of Covered Bonds. 
In the event that the Issuer is required to withhold tax then the provisions of Condition 9 will apply, and the 
Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Covered Bonds are classified as interest and thus are not subject to tax in Iceland. 
There are no estate or inheritance taxes, succession duties or gift taxes imposed by Iceland or any authority of, 
or in, Iceland in respect of the Covered Bonds if, at the time of the death of the holder or the transfer of the 
Covered Bonds, such holder or transferor is not a tax resident of Iceland. 
 
ICELANDIC TAX RESIDENTS 
Beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds that are resident in Iceland for tax purposes are subject to income tax in 
Iceland on their interest income in accordance with Icelandic tax law. The rate depends on their tax status. 
Subject to certain exemptions, applicable to e.g. most banks and pension funds, the Issuer is required to withhold 
a 22 per cent. tax on the interest paid to the holders of Covered Bonds which is considered a preliminary tax 
payment but does not necessarily constitute the final tax liability of the holder.

--- Page 117 ---
110 
 
 
15. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY  
For the life of this Base Prospectus, the following documents are available for viewing at the Issuer premises at 
Hagasmári 
3, 
201 
Kópavogur, 
Iceland 
and 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations 
i. 
The Base Prospectus, dated 30 June 2021 
ii. 
All issued Final Terms.  
iii. The Issuer’s Articles of Association. 
iv. The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the years 2019 and 2020, together with the 
v. audit reports prepared therewith. 
vi. The most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published reviewed interim financial statements of the Issuer, in each case together with any audit or 
review reports prepared in connection therewith. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus one or more supplements may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the FSA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplements (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
In the event of any significant factor arising or any material mistake or accuracy relating to the information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered Bonds or any change 
in the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the Programme or the issue of Covered Bonds, 
the Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. Furthermore, the Issuer will, in connection with the 
listing of the Covered Bonds on NASDAQ Iceland, so long as any Covered Bond remains outstanding and listed on 
such exchange, in the event of any material adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer which is not 
reflected in this Base Prospectus, prepare and publish a further supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a 
new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Covered Bonds to be listed on NASDAQ 
Iceland.

--- Page 118 ---
111 
 
 
16. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
I. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019 (including the auditors’ report thereon), available here on the Issuer’s website:  
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/Consolidated_Financial_Statements_2019_Is
landsbanki_hf.pdf  
II. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 (including the auditors’ report thereon), available here on the Issuer’s website: 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/I%CC%81slandsbanki_hf._Consolidated_Fina
ncial_Statements_2020.pdf  
III. 
the condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the issuer for the first quarter of the year 
2021, available here on the Issuer’s website: 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/ISB_Condensed_Consolidated_Interim_Fina
ncial_Statements_1Q_2021.pdf  
IV. 
sections 4, 5, 6, and 7 of the issuer’s pillar 3 report: risk and capital management 2020, available here 
on the Issuer’s website: 
https://cdn.islandsbanki.is/image/upload/v1/documents/Pillar3Report2020.pdf   
 
These documents are available for viewing at the Issuer’s premises at Hagasmári 3, 201 Iceland and at the Issuer‘s 
website https://www.islandsbanki.is/en/landing/about/investor-relations.

--- Page 119 ---
112 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
Íslandsbanki hf. 
Hagasmára 3 
201 Kópavogur 
Iceland 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
Ernst & Young ehf. 
Borgartúni 30 
105 Reykjavík 
Iceland